--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 June 2024  
 
 
Vodafone International Financing DAC 
(incorporated and registered in Ireland under the Irish Companies Act 2014, with registered number 672776) 
€30,000,000,000 
 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by  
Vodafone Group Plc 
(incorporated and registered in England and Wales) 
Under the €30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Vodafone International Financing DAC (the “Issuer”) may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The payments of all amounts due in 
respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (the “Guarantee”) by Vodafone Group Plc (the “Guarantor”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme (including any Notes which, upon issue, are immediately purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer (“Retained Notes”)) will not exceed €30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined 
under “Subscription and Sale”)), subject to increase as described in the Programme Agreement. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealers appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this 
Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
for such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Euronext Dublin Regulated Market”) of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its 
official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MIFID II in the European 
Economic Area. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Information contained in 
this Base Prospectus regarding Exempt Notes shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus and the Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Programme provides that Exempt Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (other than a stock 
exchange or market which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market. In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) 
will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be so listed and/or admitted to trading.  
In relation to any Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes (other than Exempt Notes), the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, 
the interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information which is applicable to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms 
document (“Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
Copies of the Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin, at https://live.euronext.com. In relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and 
certain other information which is applicable to such Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). Copies of the Pricing Supplement will be 
available for viewing as set out, and subject as provided in, “General Information”. In the case of Exempt Notes, references herein to “Final Terms” shall be deemed to be references 
to “Pricing Supplement” so far as the context admits. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) to the extent described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Condition 8 Taxation”. If any such withholding or deduction is required by law the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) in respect of such withholding or deduction, subject 
to the exceptions described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Condition 8 Taxation”. 
In certain circumstances another entity may be substituted for or acquire the rights and obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under the Notes. In such case, 
payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes of the jurisdiction of incorporation of such entity unless the withholding or 
deduction is required by law, in which case the substituted entity will pay Additional Amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction, subject to certain exemptions.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (in the case of Notes admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin only) a new prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of such risks, see “Risk Factors” below. 
The Guarantor has a long term/short term debt rating of “Baa2”/“P-2” by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), “BBB”/“A-2” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) 
and “BBB”/“F-2” by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”).  
Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the UK and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”) by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Neither of Moody’s or Fitch is established in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). The ratings issued by Moody’s and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited, respectively, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.   
The rating of certain Series (as defined below) of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any State 
or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include Bearer Notes (as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) that are subject to U.S. federal income tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Prospective 
purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A (as defined herein). 
Arranger and Original Dealer 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
None of the Dealers and the Trustee has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any of the Dealers or the Trustee as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the 
Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide 
the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial and business condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the 
information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  Investors 
should review, inter alia, all documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) 
when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any relevant Dealer or any parent company or affiliate 
of such Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the relevant Dealer or the 
relevant parent company or affiliate of such Dealer on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Dealers and the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the UK, the 
United States, the EEA, France, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Switzerland, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” which term, for the purposes 
of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan), Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore (see 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
SECOND-PARTY OPINION AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a Second-Party Opinion on the Sustainable and

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
Sustainability Linked Finance Framework (each as defined below) (see Risk Factors headed “Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, 
or Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets” and 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics”). In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor will engage an External Verifier to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance 
Report in relation to such Sustainability-Linked Notes pursuant to Condition 15. The Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance 
Framework, the Second-Party Opinion, the ESG Addendum (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and the Assurance 
Report (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), if and when prepared, will be accessible through the Guarantor’s website at 
https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/sustainable-financing. However, any information on, or accessible through, the Guarantor’s 
website and the information in such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the 
Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, 
report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, 
nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. In the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have 
the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither NatWest Markets Plc (in its capacity as arranger) nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend titled “UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither NatWest Markets Plc (in its capacity as 
arranger) nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
RETAIL INVESTORS” the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL 
INVESTORS” the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) UNLESS THE NOTES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE. THE NOTES MAY 
INCLUDE BEARER NOTES THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS AND MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS. 
THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON AND IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S, AND NOTES MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS” AS DEFINED IN, AND IN RELIANCE ON, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”) (“QIB”). 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT SELLERS OF THE NOTES MAY BE RELYING ON THE 
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. FOR A 
DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS, SALES AND TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES AND 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” AND “TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS”. 
EACH PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF NOTES WILL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE OF ANY SUCH NOTES, TO 
HAVE MADE CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS INTENDED TO RESTRICT THE RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER 
OF SUCH NOTES AS SET OUT IN “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE” AND “TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS”. 
BEARER NOTES AND EXCHANGEABLE BEARER NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS AND MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR ITS POSSESSIONS OR TO UNITED STATES PERSONS, 
EXCEPT IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS PERMITTED BY U.S. TREASURY REGULATIONS. TERMS USED IN THIS PARAGRAPH HAVE 
THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 AND THE REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY 
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON, OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF, THE OFFERING OF THE NOTES OR THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 
IRELAND 
An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a result of issuing any Notes. 
Where the Issuer wishes to issue Notes with a maturity of less than one year, it shall do so in full compliance with the conditions set out in 
Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland dated 12 November 2002 and in accordance with an exemption granted by the 
Central Bank of Ireland under Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted by Section 31 of the Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended 
by Section 70(d) of the Central Bank Act, 1997 each amended by the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act 2004. 
Such Notes will constitute “commercial paper” for the purposes of that exemption and will be issued and transferable in minimum amounts 
of €125,000 (or the foreign currency equivalent). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined 
in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes 
must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities 
laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages 
are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, 
section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offering of any Notes. 
GENERAL NOTICE 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of 
its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing 
in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplementary prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to 
bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
Prospective investors should also consider, either on their own or with the help of their tax advisers, the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal 
investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 _____________________________  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has, unless otherwise specified before an 
offer of Notes, determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States of America, to “Sterling”, 
“pounds sterling”, “pence”, “£” and “p” refer to the currency of the UK, to “¥” refer to the currency of Japan, to “Australian dollars” and 
“A$” refer to the currency of Australia, to “euro” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, to “QAR” are to the currency of the 
State of Qatar, to “INR” are to the lawful currency of India, to “ZAR” are to the lawful currency of the Republic of South Africa, to “PLN” are 
to the lawful currency of the Republic of Poland, to “CNY”, “RMB” and “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the PRC and to “billions” 
are to thousand millions. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), 
the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or 
provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the stabilisation manager(s) (the 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any such stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
Table of Contents 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ........................................................................................................................................................................ 9 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ...................................................................................................................................................... 28 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form .......................................................................................................... 30 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................................................................... 35 
Form of Pricing Supplement ....................................................................................................................................................................... 54 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................................ 72 
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 128 
Description of the Issuer .......................................................................................................................................................................... 130 
Description of the Guarantor .................................................................................................................................................................... 131 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................................................................... 137 
Subscription and Sale .............................................................................................................................................................................. 139 
Transfer Restrictions ................................................................................................................................................................................ 145 
General Information ................................................................................................................................................................................. 147

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
Overview of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and 
expressions defined in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Vodafone International Financing DAC (the “Issuer”) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
2138004BCYGT82KFW603 
Guarantor: 
Vodafone Group Plc (the “Guarantor”) 
Guarantor LEI: 
213800TB53ELEUKM7Q61 
Description of the Programme: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger and Dealer:  
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under the Programme 
or appoint additional Dealers in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes which have a maturity of 
less than one year will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) unless they 
are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes which have a maturity of 
less than one year may constitute deposits for the purposes of determining the requirement for a 
person to hold an appropriate banking licence under the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended) of 
Ireland unless certain criteria are met including, inter alia, that such Notes are issued and 
transferrable in minimum denominations of €125,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Registrar and Transfer Agent:  
In connection with any issue of Registered Notes, the Registrar and Transfer Agent will be appointed 
by the Issuer and the Guarantor and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Programme Size:  
Up to €30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Retained Notes). The Issuer and the Guarantor may change the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and Bearer Notes that are not 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes having an initial maturity of more 
than one year will initially be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (a 
“Temporary Global Note”) and any other such Tranche will be represented by a permanent global 
note in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Note”, and together with a Temporary Global Note, the 
“Global Notes”). Global Notes may be deposited on the issue date (i) if the Global Notes are 
intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, with 
a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and (ii) if the Global 
Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, with a common depositary (the “Common 
Depositary”) on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The provisions governing the 
exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and Definitive Notes (as defined under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”) are described in “Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by registered certificates (each a 
“Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Tranche. 
 
Registered Notes which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of Regulation S 
(“Regulation S Registered Notes”) will be registered in the name of a common nominee of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if such Regulation S Registered Notes are intended to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the “NSS”), in the name of a nominee of a Common 
Safekeeper on its issue date. Regulation S Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global 
unrestricted Certificate (a “Regulation S Global Certificate”) and will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary or, if such Regulation S Global Certificate is intended to be held under the NSS, a 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, on its issue date. Beneficial interests in a Regulation S 
Registered Note will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
 
Registered Notes which are sold to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A, 
as referred to, and subject to the transfer restrictions described, in “Subscription and Sale” and 
“Transfer Restrictions” (“DTC Registered Notes”), will be registered in the name of a nominee of 
The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on their issue date. DTC Registered Notes will initially be 
represented by a global restricted Certificate (a “DTC Restricted Global Certificate” and, together 
with the Regulation S Global Certificates, the “Global Certificates”) and will be deposited with a 
custodian for DTC. Beneficial interests in a DTC Registered Note will be shown on, and transfers 
thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its participants. 
 
Individual definitive Certificates will only be available in certain limited circumstances as described 
in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form”. 
Maturities:  
Subject to any applicable laws, any maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other, present and future, 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than obligations 
preferred by law). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes:  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined separately for each Series as follows:

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in 
the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) 
subject to the application of (A) the fallbacks described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) and (B) the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), on the basis of a 
reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
CMS Linked Notes: 
Subject to the application of (A) the fallbacks described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(G) and (B) the 
benchmark discontinuation provisions described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), CMS Linked Notes will bear 
interest at a rate determined separately for each Series on the basis of a reference swap rate 
appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such reference swap rate will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for each Series of CMS Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments of interest and/or principal in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an Index Ratio, derived from either: 
 
(i) 
the U.K. Retail Price Index (the “RPI”) (all items) published by the Office of National 
Statistics or the relevant successor index; or 
 
(ii) 
the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant 
successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco published by Eurostat (the “HICP”). 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes 
and 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes, CMS 
Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Interest Period (or other Interest 
Accrual Period), as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest.  
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) applies to any Fixed Rate Notes, the rate of interest 
in respect of the Notes may be subject to upward adjustment as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) applies, premium amount(s) may be 
payable as specified in the applicable Final Terms. See Condition 4(c) for further details. A 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain specified 
sustainability performance targets in relation to any relevant key performance indicator or the failure 
of the Issuer to report on such key performance indicator(s) in relation to an applicable Reference 
Year (as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates 
that  Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable, (i) if one Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an increase in the Rate of 
Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event, (ii) if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms with only one Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin, an increase in the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of one or more of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events and (iii) during the term of the Notes, if two or more 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
together with two or more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related combination of 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins relating to such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events may be 
applicable for the remaining term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
the case of any such Notes, following any such increase to the Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
will not subsequently decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest and no Sustainability-Linked Premium 
Amount(s) will be payable as a result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event. 
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates 
that Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable, (i) if two or more Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms with only one 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount, only one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount will be 
payable following the occurrence of one or more of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events 
and (ii) during the term of the Notes, if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms together with two or more Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margins, the related combination of Sustainability-Linked Premium Amounts may be payable. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes, no increase in the Rate of Interest will occur 
as a result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event.  
See Condition 4(c) for further details. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Exempt Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Retained Notes: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be immediately purchased by or on behalf 
of the Issuer upon issue. Any Notes so purchased are referred to as “Retained Notes”. A custodian 
will be appointed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other member of the Group and specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the “Custodian”) to hold any Retained Notes on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or such other Group member on the terms of a custody agreement to be entered into 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor the Trustee and the Custodian at the time of such Custodian’s 
appointment (each, a “Custody Agreement”). 
Retained Notes will not be treated as outstanding when determining quorum or voting at meetings 
of Noteholders or for the purposes of passing a resolution in writing or the giving of consent by way 
of electronic consents but will count towards the Programme limit of €30,000,000,000 referred to 
above. 
The Issuer may, subject to applicable laws and regulations, sell or dispose of (or procure the sale 
or disposal of) any Retained Notes at any time and on any terms. Upon sale or disposal to a third 
party investor, the Retained Notes will cease to be Retained Notes. Notes which have ceased to be 
Retained Notes shall carry the same rights and be subject in all respects to the same conditions as 
other Notes of the same Series. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default or, in the case 
of Inflation Linked Notes only, for reasons linked to the relevant Index) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at 
a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes which have a maturity of 
less than one year are subject to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions” above.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
Subject to a minimum denomination for Notes (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) issued under 
the Programme of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. See “Certain 
Restrictions” above. 
Taxation:  
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of taxes levied by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) to the extent 
described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Condition 8 Taxation”. If any such 
withholding or deduction is required by law the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, will 
pay Additional Amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction, subject to the exceptions 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Condition 8 Taxation”. In circumstances 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 16(b)” another entity may be 
substituted for or acquire the rights and obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor under the Notes. In such case, payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes of the jurisdiction of incorporation of such entity 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law, in which case the substituted entity will pay 
Additional Amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction, subject to certain exceptions.  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain, amongst others, the following events of default: 
 
(a) 
default in payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, continuing for 
the respective periods of time specified in Condition 10(A); 
 
(b) 
non-performance or non-observance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of its other 
obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the Trust Deed continuing for 
the period of time specified in Condition 10(A); 
 
(c) 
a cross-acceleration provision in respect of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor as further described in Condition 10(A);  
 
(d) 
certain events relating to the insolvency or winding up of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
 
(e) 
ceasing of effect of the Guarantee; and 
 
(f) 
change of control of the Issuer. 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and rank and will rank pari passu with all other, present and future, outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor (other than obligations preferred by 
law). 
Listing and admission to trading:  
Application has been made for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official 
List and for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.  
The Programme provides that Exempt Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets (other than a stock exchange or market 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II) as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market.  
In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes will be so listed and/or admitted to trading.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear in relation to any Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and DTC in relation to any Tranche of Registered Notes or, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee, the relevant Dealer and, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United Kingdom, the United 
States, the European Economic Area, the UK, France, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Switzerland, the PRC, 
Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
 
The conditions set forth in Rule 903(b)(2) under the Securities Act, referred to as “Category 2”, shall 
apply for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Registered Notes may be offered and sold in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor section that is substantially identical thereto) (“TEFRA D”) 
unless the applicable Final Terms state that such Notes are issued in circumstances in which such 
Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and 
Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Transfer Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of certain Notes (see “Transfer Restrictions”).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Risk Factors 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their respective obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme or under the Guarantee, as applicable. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Factors 
which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes or under the Guarantee, as the case may be, for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate, and the Issuer and 
the Guarantor do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Investors may lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes.  
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantor’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee 
Risks related to the Group’s business 
 
Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions 
Adverse changes to economic conditions could result in reduced customer spending, higher interest rates, adverse inflation, or adverse 
foreign exchange rates. Adverse conditions could also lead to limited debt refinancing options and/ or increase in costs.  
Adverse market conditions  
Increasing competition could lead to price wars, reduced margins, loss of market share and/ or damage to market value.  
Adverse political and policy environment 
Adverse political and policy measures impacting the Group’s strategy could result in increased costs, create a competitive disadvantage, 
or have a negative impact on the Group’s return on capital employed. 
Company transformation 
Failure to effectively and successfully transform the Group to adapt to future challenges and demands could result in outdated business 
models, increased operational complexity, and hinder growth. Cyber threat  
An external cyber attack, insider threat or supplier breach could cause service interruption or data breach.  
Data management and privacy 
Data breaches, misuse of data, data manipulation, inappropriate data sharing, poor data quality or data unavailability could lead to fines, 
reputational damage, loss of value, loss of business opportunity, and failure to meet customer expectations. 
Disintermediation  
Failure to effectively respond to threats from emerging technology or disruptive business models could lead to a loss of customer relevance, 
market share and new/existing revenue streams. 
Portfolio transformation and governance of investments  
Failure to manage appropriate joint ventures (JVs), and other investments or challenges to the timely completions of inflight portfolio actions 
may result in a loss of growth potential and shareholder value. Supply chain disruption

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
Disruption in the Group’s supply chain could mean that the Group is unable to execute the Group’s strategic plans, resulting in product and 
service, unavailability and delays, increased cost, reduced choice, and lower network quality.  
Technology resilience and future readiness  
Network, system or platform outages or ineffective execution of the Group’s technology strategy could lead to dissatisfied customers and/or 
impact revenue. 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)  
 
Failure to prioritise ESG considerations may result in reputational damage. Negative publicity related to environmental harm, social issues, 
or governance failures can lead to loss of trust amongst customers, investors and the broader public.  
 
Product innovation  
 
Failure to create and deliver new products and service categories that diversify revenue growth, unlock new consumer engagement and 
mitigate disruption from digital natives.  
 
Legal compliance  
 
Non-compliance with laws and regulations including anti-bribery, competition law, anti-money laundering, trade controls and sanctions, 
potentially leading to fines and reputational risk.  
 
Tax  
 
Tax risk covers the Group’s management of tax across the markets in which the Group operates and how it responds to changes in tax 
law, which may have an impact on the Group.  
The Issuer is a funding vehicle for the Group 
The Issuer is a funding vehicle for the Group and its sole purpose is to raise finance in the international capital markets and provide funds 
to the Group, including by entering into intra‐group loan agreements. The Issuer does not engage in any other activity and does not have 
any other sources of revenue. Therefore, given its sole purpose as a funding vehicle for the Group, any risk factors affecting the ability of 
the Guarantor or other companies in the Group to meet their financial obligations also affect the Issuer. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for 
potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
 
The Notes may, in the circumstances set out, and subject as provided in Conditions 7(b), 7(c) and 7(f), be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer at the prices specified in the relevant Conditions together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or 
is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
The amount of interest and/or the amount to be repaid upon redemption of Notes may be subject to adjustment by reference to an inflation 
index, which may reduce the interest amount payable in respect of the relevant interest period and/or reduce the amount to be repaid upon 
redemption to less than the face value of such Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes on terms that the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date and/or the amount to be repaid 
upon redemption of the Notes will be calculated by reference to movements in the specified inflation index during a reference period 
(“Inflation Linked Notes”). Inflation indexes may go down as well as up. Where Notes in respect of which the amount of interest payable 
is subject to adjustment by reference to movements in an inflation index are issued, a decrease in such inflation index over the reference 
period will reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of such Notes. In a deflationary environment, the annual interest received may 
be lower than the rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where the amount payable upon redemption of the Notes is 
subject to adjustment by reference to movements in an inflation index, a decrease in the specified inflation index over the reference period 
may reduce the amount to be repaid upon redemption of the Notes to less than the nominal amount of the Notes. Investors as a 
consequence may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. The historical experience of the relevant inflation index should not 
be viewed as an indication of future performance of that inflation index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Inflation Linked Notes 
and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances.  
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect 
the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for 
Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Reference rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked 
to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the 
costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback 
provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: 
• 
sudden or prolonged increases or decreases or volatility in the reported benchmark rates or a delay in the publication of any such 
benchmark rates; 
• 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark;  
• 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; and/or 
• 
the disappearance of a benchmark. 
Any of the above changes, or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes referencing a benchmark (including 
potential rates of interest thereon). 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on the Relevant Notes 
(as defined below) which reference such a benchmark rate will be determined by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
In the case of (i) Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined or (ii) CMS Linked Notes (together, “Relevant Notes”), unless Benchmark Discontinuation is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be “Not Applicable”, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Discontinuation Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) and, in either case a 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (as described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occur. These fallback arrangements will 
include the possibility that:  
(a)  
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, any component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, determined by 
reference to a successor reference rate or an alternative reference rate or replaced (as applicable) as determined by the Issuer 
in consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, by the Issuer alone; and  
(b) 
such successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) may be adjusted by reference to an adjustment spread 
(if required) determined by the Issuer in consultation with an Independent Adviser or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, by the Issuer alone,  
in any such case, acting in good faith and as described more fully in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Guarantor (acting in good faith) may also in its discretion require that other changes to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes be effected in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor reference rate or 
alternative reference rate or to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor reference rate or alternative reference rate (as 
applicable), as described more fully in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
No consent of any Noteholders or Couponholders (as defined below) shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant successor 
reference rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for the Relevant Notes. In addition, in the case of 
Relevant Notes, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor reference rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above 
matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Relevant Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
such Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the Relevant Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure 
to green assets or social assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are specified to be “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
in the applicable Final Terms. It will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of Green Bonds specifically for a portfolio 
of green eligible projects (“Green Eligible Projects”), Social Bonds specifically for a portfolio of social eligible projects (“Social Eligible 
Projects”), and Sustainability Bonds to both Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects, in each case as described in the 
Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework (the “Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework”) accessible 
through the Guarantor’s website at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/sustainable-financing and as updated from time to time. 
The Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
and the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and consult with their legal and other 
advisers before making an investment in any such Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In connection with the 
issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds, and Sustainability Bonds, Sustainalytics UK Limited (an independent provider of environmental, 
social and governance research, ratings, and analysis) (“Sustainalytics”) has evaluated the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance 
Framework and has issued an independent opinion (the “Second-Party Opinion”) confirming that the Green Eligible Projects and Social 
Eligible Projects described in the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework are aligned with the International Capital Market 
Association (the “ICMA”) Green Bond Principles 2021 (the “Green Bond Principles”), the ICMA Social Bond Principles 2021 (the “Social 
Bond Principles”) and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021 (the “Sustainability Bond Guidelines”), as applicable. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the 
use of such proceeds for any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects 
or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer shall 
be responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Notes or will verify or monitor any of the 
commitments set out in the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework relating to such Notes issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus 
as to what constitutes, a “green” or equivalently-labelled project or loan that may finance such project, or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project or loan to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a 
clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that, if such a definition, market consensus or label is developed in the future, any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes will comply with such definition, market consensus or label. A basis for the determination of such a definition 
has been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on 18 June 2020 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through the formal adoption of delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives 
set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated 
Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the “EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act”) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on 
climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other 
environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such 
objectives have been developed and disclosed it is not known whether any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects will satisfy 
those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain.  
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or 
any other person to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible 
Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects. In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, 
any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors that any Notes will comply with any future

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
standards or requirements regarding any “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, accordingly, the status of any 
Notes as being “green”, “social”, “sustainable” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
Provisional political agreement was reached in February 2023 on the legislative proposal for a European Green Bond Standard, which will 
be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds which 
may be issued under the Programme) where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. The 
European Parliament adopted the contents of the provisional political agreement on 5 October 2023 and the Council of the European Union 
adopted the regulation on 23 October 2023 (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”). The EU Green Bond Regulation is expected to become 
applicable in mid-2024 at the earliest. Any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Programme will not be 
aligned with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Sustainable and 
Sustainability Linked Finance Framework only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the EU Green Bond Regulation, when 
implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds which may be issued under the Programme) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and their price. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any 
other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular 
with any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such 
opinion, report or certification is only current as at the date that opinion, report or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, 
reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no 
recourse against the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or the provider of any such opinion, 
report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer, or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible 
Projects (as applicable) in, or substantially in, the manner summarised in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be 
totally or partially disbursed for such Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. While any such proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold the proceeds in cash 
and/or invest in other short-term liquid instruments. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
The Guarantor has adopted the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Principles (the “SLBP") administered by the ICMA and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the 
Loan Market Association (the “LMA”), and the Issuer may from time to time choose to issue Notes (“Sustainability-Linked Notes”) with a 
link to the Group’s sustainability strategy and targets. Sustainalytics has evaluated the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance 
Framework and has issued the Second-Party Opinion confirming that the relevance and scope of the selected key performance indicators 
(“KPI(s)”) and the associated sustainability performance targets (“SPTs”) and also confirmed the alignment of the Sustainable and 
Sustainability Linked Finance Framework with the SLBP and the SLLP, as applicable. 
The Second-Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and other factors that may affect 
the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. The Second-Party Opinion will not constitute a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and will only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Second-Party Opinion may affect the 
value of Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-
linked assets. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person assumes 
any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework and/or 
information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework 
and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Second-Party Opinion may or may not be requested of Sustainalytics or any other provider 
of second-party opinions. 
Moreover, the second-party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-
Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any other person in respect of the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to any Sustainability-Linked Notes may be subject to upward adjustment or, as the case 
may be, premium amount(s) may be payable in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes in certain circumstances specified in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or other 
standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being marketed as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds of the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to finance Green Eligible 
Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects. In addition, each Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (as applicable) in respect of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes depends, as applicable, on the definition or definitions of “Customer GHG Savings Event”, “Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Event”, “M-Pesa Customers Event”, “Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event” and “Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Event” (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) which may be inconsistent with investor requirements or 
expectations. 
If any Second-Party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be no third-party analysis of the Issuer’s definitions of “Customer GHG Savings 
Amount”, “Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount”, “M-Pesa Customers Amount”, “Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Amount” and/or “Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount”  (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or 
how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than the confirmation by the relevant External Verifier (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of the Customer GHG Savings Amount, the Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount, 
the M-Pesa Customers Amount, the Vodafone Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Amount and/or the Vodafone Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Amount in respect of the relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year, the relevant Female Management and Senior Leadership 
Reference Year, the relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference Year, the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference 
Year and/or the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), 
as applicable. 
Even if a Second-Party Opinion is not withdrawn, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member 
of the Group, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or that no other adverse 
consequences will occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, 
nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Although the Group targets: (i) reducing its greenhouse gas emissions; (ii) helping customers reduce their greenhouse gas emissions; (iii) 
increasing the proportion of women in management and senior leadership roles in the Group; and (iv) increasing the number of customers 
connected to mobile money services (together, the “Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in achieving such targets or any of them, or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and 
operation of any investments the Group makes in furtherance of its Sustainability Targets or such investments may become controversial 
or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
No Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, 
if a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs. 
The Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline and the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Baseline can be recalculated 
following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes, and such recalculation may not be independently 
verified. Defined terms used to determine whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has occurred may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectations 
The Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline or the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Baseline that is used to determine 
whether a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event occurs in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes which specify Vodafone GHG Scope 1 
and Scope 2 Emissions Event or, as the case may be, the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event as a Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event in the applicable Final Terms will be such baseline as reported in the ESG Addendum (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) which has been most recently published at the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event Notification Deadline (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Such baseline may change over time, for example to reflect acquisitions and disposals made by 
the Group or to make adjustments otherwise deemed necessary by the Issuer. The Issuer intends that the reasons for any such 
adjustments, and any recalculation methodology applied, will be clearly stated in the relevant ESG Addendum. Any such adjustments may 
increase or decrease the baseline, and therefore increase or decrease the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount or the 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount while still being able to satisfy the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Condition 
or, as the case may be, the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Condition and avoid the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event 
(each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). As a result, any recalculation of the baseline could have an adverse impact on 
the price of such Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Whether or not a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event occurs in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes depends on (as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Final Terms): (i) the Customer GHG Savings Amount, the Female Management and 
Senior Leadership Amount, the M-Pesa Customers Amount, the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount or the Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount, as applicable: and (ii) the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline and/or the Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, as applicable. The way in which these terms are defined or rebased over time may be inconsistent with 
investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions or greenhouse gas emissions intensity. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi 
Notes”):

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
Renminbi is not a completely freely convertible currency and this may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”) continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC Government of control 
over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts.  
However, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as debt financing, capital 
contributions and securities investments, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system.  
Although from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability 
to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC is limited.  
While the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”) has entered into agreements (the “Settlement Arrangements”) on the clearing of Renminbi 
business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”), including but not limited to 
Hong Kong and are in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current 
size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.   
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC and the Renminbi Clearing Banks only 
have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types 
of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement.  The 
relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open 
positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the 
future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the 
Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is 
not available in certain circumstances as described in the terms and conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make 
payments under the Notes in U.S. Dollars as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the PRC, by 
international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. If an investor measures its investment returns by reference to a 
currency other than Renminbi, an investment in the Renminbi Notes entails foreign exchange related risks, including possible significant 
changes in the value of Renminbi relative to the currency by reference to which an investor measures its investment returns. Depreciation 
of the Renminbi against such currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of the Renminbi Notes below their stated coupon rates 
and could result in a loss when the return on the Renminbi Notes is translated into such currency. In addition, there may be tax 
consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may increase interest 
rate volatility. In addition, the interest rates for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for 
Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC laws and regulations and prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
If a Renminbi Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest 
rates. If an investor in Renminbi Notes tries to sell such Renminbi Notes, it may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified for in such Renminbi Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) in order to be allowed to 
receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. 
Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 6(g), all Renminbi payments to investors in respect of Renminbi Notes will be 
made solely (i) for so long as such Renminbi Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note or a Global 
Certificate (each as defined under “Overview of the Programme”), by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (as applicable) (each as defined under “Overview of 
the Programme”) rules and procedures, or (ii) for so long as such Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by 
any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Renminbi currency risk 
There can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the purposes of making payments under the Renminbi Notes by the Issuer or 
generally will remain or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated which have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside 
of the PRC. If a Renminbi Currency Event occurs and it becomes impossible to make payment on any Renminbi Notes in Renminbi as a 
result of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability or Renminbi Inconvertibility (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), the Issuer may make any payment of Renminbi under the Renminbi Notes in U.S. dollars using an exchange rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined 
by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or, in the case of SONIA and SOFR, by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes). All such rates are based on ‘overnight rates’. Overnight rates differ from interbank offered rates, such 
as EURIBOR, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight 
rates, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As 
such, investors should be aware that overnight rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under 
the Programme compared to interbank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject 
to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure 
for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such overnight rates.  
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that the market continues to develop in 
relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to interbank offered rates such as EURIBOR. Market 
participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working groups continue to explore compounded and weighted average rates and 
observation methodologies for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, and ‘lock-out’ methodologies) and such groups may also explore 
forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates.  The adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs 
into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly from those set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference 
to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous SONIA- or SOFR- referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of overnight rates as 
interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR-
based Notes, if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall 
only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially when compared with the 
application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing overnight rates.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors and confer significant 
discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of 
particular Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not 
sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. The quorum at any meeting of Noteholders for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented. There are no provisions 
requiring special quorums of Noteholders in any circumstances. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, (i) agree to any modification 
of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine that any Event of 
Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such. In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
agree to the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer or, as the case may be, as guarantor 
in place of the Guarantor, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such case, payments 
in respect of the relevant Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes of the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the entity substituted as principal debtor or, as the case may be, the guarantor under the relevant Notes unless the withholding or 
deduction is required by law, in which case the substituted entity will pay Additional Amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction, 
subject to certain exceptions including that, in no circumstances will payments of Additional Amounts be made for or on account of any 
taxes imposed by the United States of America or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be adversely affected if 
Definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more 
higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples 
of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder 
of such holding without first purchasing a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that their 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of 
the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value 
at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Furthermore, if Retained 
Notes are held by or on behalf of the Issuer, there can be no assurance of sales of the Retained Notes to third parties, and accordingly any 
trading market in respect of the Notes may be further reduced or fail to establish. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
An investor that holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency will be exposed to movements in exchange rates 
adversely affecting the value of such holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on such Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified 
Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The Guarantor has a long term/short term debt rating of “Baa2”/“P-2” by Moody’s, “BBB”/“A-2” by S&P and “BBB”/“F-2” by Fitch. One or 
more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not commit to ensure that any specific rating of the Notes or the Programme will be upheld nor 
that the credit rating agencies rating the Notes will remain the same. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third-country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication 
of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are required 
to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
Certain information with respect to the Guarantor’s ratings, the ratings of the Programme and the credit rating agencies which have assigned 
such ratings is set out on the front page of this Base Prospectus. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and may not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or the Programme generally.  
If the status of a rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use such rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes 
may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. If any rating 
assigned to the Guarantor is revised lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Guarantor, the perception of the Guarantor’s 
creditworthiness in the market may be adversely affected. As a result, the market value of the Notes may be reduced, leading to a holder 
of Notes being unable to sell its Notes or receiving a price which is lower than the value of its original investment.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents, which have previously been published, and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland, shall be incorporated 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 March 2023, including the auditor’s report 
thereon, as set out on pages 10 to 28 (available at https://vodafone-international-financing-dac-fy23-financial-statements.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2024, including the 
auditor’s report thereon, as set out on pages 125 to 234, the section on non-GAAP measures, as set out on pages 235 to 248, 
and the definitions section as set out on pages 265 to 266 of the Guarantor’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2024 
(available at https://reports.investors.vodafone.com/view/197179846/);  
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2023, including the 
auditor’s report thereon, as set out on pages 113 to 218, the section on non-GAAP measures, as set out on pages 219 to 229, 
and the definitions section as set out on pages 246 to 247 of the Guarantor’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2023 
(available at https://investors.vodafone.com/sites/vodafone-ir/files/2023-05/vodafone-fy23-annual-report.pdf); 
(d) 
the sections headed “Our Purpose”, as set out on pages 34 to 42, and “Contribution to Sustainable Development Goals”, as set 
out on 
page 43, of 
the 
Guarantor’s 
Annual 
Report 
for the year ended 
31 
March 
2024 
(available at 
https://reports.investors.vodafone.com/view/197179846/); and  
(e) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the previous base prospectus relating to the Programme on pages 
70-125 of the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (available at https://investors.vodafone.com/sites/vodafone-
ir/files/vodafone/debt-investors/bond-outstanding/pdf/Vodafone_International_Financing_DAC_EMTN_Prospectus.pdf),  
save that (i) any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise) and (ii) any documents which are incorporated by reference therein shall not 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. 
In the event of any significant new factor arising or any material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will, prior to any subsequent issue of Notes, prepare 
and publish a supplementary prospectus or publish a new prospectus. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has undertaken to the Dealers 
in the Programme Agreement that it will comply with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. In addition, in the event of a substitution 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor in the manner set out in Condition 16 and in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed, a new 
prospectus will be published for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes. 
The audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 were prepared in accordance with 
Financial Reporting Standards 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (“FRS 101”) as adopted by the European Union as applied in 
accordance with the provisions and requirements of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “Irish Companies Act”). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024 were not 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002. The audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 
2023 were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and United Kingdom adopted international accounting 
standards and International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. In the context of 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial years ended 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2024, 
there are no material differences between United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards and International Financial 
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the European Union.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
Certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) are included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  APMs are non-GAAP measures 
used by the Group (as defined in “Description of the Guarantor”) within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in 
accordance with other regulations such as International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom.  The Issuer and 
the Guarantor consider that these measures provide useful information to enhance the understanding of financial performance.  The APMs 
should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to other regulatory measures.  An 
explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method can be found at pages 235 to 248 (incorporated by reference herein) 
of the Guarantor’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2024 and at pages 219 to 229 (incorporated by reference herein) of the 
Guarantor’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 March 2023.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in 
Global Form 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Upon:  
 
(A)  
in the case of a Tranche of Bearer Notes, the initial deposit of the relative Global Note with (i) if the relevant Global Note is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) if the relevant Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
 
(B)  
in the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes, the registration of the relevant Registered Notes in the name of any common 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper (in the case of 
Regulation S Global Certificates intended to be held under the NSS) or in the name of a nominee of DTC and delivery of the 
relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper or the custodian for DTC, as the case may be. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Where a Global Note issued in respect of any Tranche is in NGN form or is 
a Regulation S Global Certificate intended to be held under the NSS, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified whether or 
not such Global Note or Regulation S Global Certificate, as the case may be, is intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Note or Regulation S Global Certificate, as the case may be, is to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.   
References herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
and the Trustee and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other clearing system as the holder of a 
Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such other 
clearing system, as the case may be, for their share of each payment made by the Issuer or the Guarantor to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of such Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such 
clearing system, as the case may be. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of payments 
due on the Notes or the Guarantee for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of such Global Certificate, as 
the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in 
a form to be provided) either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive 
Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and, subject in the case of Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). In relation to any issue of Notes which is represented by a Temporary Global Note and which is expressed to be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradeable only in nominal amounts of at least the 
Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and multiples thereof.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered Notes in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in addition to any Permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable, and 
before the Exchange Date will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than five days after the date on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes” below, in part for Definitive Notes either (i) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon not less 
than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, as provided in the applicable Final Terms. In relation to any issue of Notes which is represented by a Permanent Global Note and 
which is expressed to be exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, such Notes shall be tradeable only in nominal 
amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and 
multiples thereof. 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 10(A)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the 
Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor is or will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided 
for or referred to in Condition 8 which would not be required were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form 
and a certificate to such effect signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable) is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may 
also give notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
Each Permanent Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will, subject to Condition 2(f), be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for Registered Notes by the 
holder giving notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part, as the case may be, of such 
Permanent Global Note for Registered Notes. Any such exchange shall occur not later than five days after the date on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The following legend will appear on all permanent and definitive Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than one year and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes or Global Certificates with a maturity of less than one year:  
“THIS NOTE [/ THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS [  ] CERTIFICATE] IS [/ARE] ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN EXEMPTION 
GRANTED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND UNDER SECTION 8(2) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1971, INSERTED BY 
SECTION 31 OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1989, AS AMENDED BY SECTION 70(D) OF THE CENTRAL BANK ACT, 1997 EACH 
AMENDED BY THE CENTRAL BANK AND FINANCIAL SERVICES AUTHORITY OF IRELAND ACT, 2004 AND CONSTITUTES 
COMMERCIAL PAPER.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
ANY INVESTMENT IN THIS NOTE [/THE NOTES] DOES NOT HAVE THE STATUS OF A BANK DEPOSIT AND IS NOT WITHIN THE 
SCOPE OF THE DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME OPERATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND. THE ISSUER IS NOT AND 
WILL NOT BE REGULATED BY THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND AS A RESULT OF ISSUING THIS [TEMPORARY / PERMANENT] 
GLOBAL NOTE [/THE NOTES].   
THE ISSUER’S [/VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL FINANCING DAC’S] OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS NOTE ARE GUARANTEED BY 
VODAFONE GROUP PLC.” 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Registered Notes if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
Global Certificates 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole but not, except as provided below, in part for 
definitive Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of DTC Registered Notes, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing 
system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (iii) in the case of Regulation S 
Registered Notes, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Global Certificate in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers 
of Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any alternative clearing system. These provisions will not prevent the trading 
of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in 
which the notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) below may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no alternative 
clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available; or 
(ii) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the registered holder has given the Registrar 
not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the registered holder’s intention to effect such a transfer. Where a Global Certificate 
is only transferable in its entirety, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such holding shall be a Global Certificate. Where 
transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be a Global Certificate unless the transferee so requests and 
certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any alternative clearing system. 
Delivery of Notes 
On or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, 
present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof 
to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global 
Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note 
to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may 
be. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global 
Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the 
Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal 
and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of any 
Global Note, the Issuer will procure that it is cancelled. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary Global Note unless, upon due certification, exchange for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any 
Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor section that is substantially 
identical thereto) (“TEFRA D”) before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership (in a form to be provided). All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will, if the Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form, be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent. A record of 
each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the Notes. 
In the case of a Global Certificate, with respect to the definition of “Record Date” in Condition 6(c)(ii), the words “on the fifteenth day before” 
shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by “on the Clearing System Business Day before” where “Clearing System Business Day” 
means any day other than (i) Saturdays and Sundays and (ii) 1 January and 25 December. 
The holder of a Global Note or a Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented 
by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global 
Certificate. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall be treated as being one person for the purposes of 
any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Global Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one 
vote in respect of each Note comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes represented by a Global Note, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in their nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, as applicable, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least five days prior 
to the Selection Date. 
Notices 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety 
on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for publication in a newspaper in accordance with 
Condition 14 the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to 
their entitled accountholders and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
or any other relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by that stock exchange or any other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, notices to be given by any Noteholder may be given to the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Terms and Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a Global Note 
may be exercised by the holder of the Global Note giving notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent within the time limits relating to 
the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option 
has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of the Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting 
the Global Note to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
for notation. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or a Global Certificate is registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator 
as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and 
may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
Form of Final Terms 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”)/a distributor (as defined above)] should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United Kingdom (the "UK")/UK]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 8 of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)]/[EUWA]; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”)]/[FSMA] 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IRISH CENTRAL BANK ACTS - The Notes are issued in accordance with the exemption granted by the Central Bank of Ireland under 
Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted by Section 31 of the Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended by Section 70(d) of the 
Central Bank Act, 1997 each as amended by the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act, 2004 and constitute 
commercial paper. An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the Deposit 
Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland 
arising from the issue of the Notes.]1 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
 
 
1 For any Notes having a maturity of less than one year. Any such Notes must be issued and transferrable in minimum denominations of €125,000 (or equivalent).

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]2 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [         ] which is provided by [         ]. As at the date of these Final 
Terms, [         ] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [         ] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation/the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such that [         ] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the 
Programme. 
[Date] 
Vodafone International Financing DAC 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 2138004BCYGT82KFW603 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
guaranteed by Vodafone Group Plc 
LEI: 213800TB53ELEUKM7Q61 
under the €30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 4 June 2024 [and the supplementary prospectus[es] dated [   ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary prospectus[es]] [has] [have] been published on the 
website of [the [Issuer] at [       ] [and] [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [22 September 2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 4 June 2024. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 4 June 2024 [as supplemented by [a] supplementary 
prospectus[es] dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus dated 4 June 2024 [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and supplementary prospectus[es]] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of [the [Issuer] at [       ] [and] [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com].] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Vodafone International Financing DAC 
2. 
Guarantor: 
Vodafone Group Plc 
3. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ]] 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
2 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
4. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
− 
Series: 
[        ] [of which [     ] [are/will, on the Issue Date, be] Retained Notes] 
− 
Tranche: 
[        ] [of which [     ] [are/will, on the Issue Date, be] Retained Notes] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from [     ] ] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[        ] 
[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
8. 
[(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]: 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[        ]] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[        ]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [    ]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin[s]]] 
 
[[   ] month [[        ]EURIBOR/TIBOR/CDOR/JIBAR] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/Weighted Average SOFR] +/– 
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount[s] (see 
paragraph 28 below)]] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of Notes into another interest or 
redemption basis][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [21]/[22]/[23]/[24] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
14. 
Date of [Board] approval[s] for 
issuance of Notes: 
[        ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date[, 
subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin[s] described in paragraph [20] 
below] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
[Interest Payment Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
[Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
 
[          ] [Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount[, subject as provided in Condition 4(a)]][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ 
][, subject as provided in Condition 4(a)]] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(viii) 
Determination Date: 
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 16(ii) below 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable]

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
[[   ] month [[        ]EURIBOR/TIBOR/CDOR/JIBAR]] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
• 
Term Rate: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
o 
Specified Time: 
 
[[11.00 a.m./[     ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / [Not Applicable] 
o 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
 
[London/New York/Brussels/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Relevant 
Number: 
 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete 
the remaining bullets below) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of days (expected to be five or 
greater) as the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
o 
D: 
 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
o 
Observation 
Method: 
 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
- 
Lag Period: 
 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
− 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[        ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[        ] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[        ]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
[(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[        ]] 
 
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
18. 
CMS Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 18(ii) below 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[        ] 
(viii) 
Relevant Time: 
 
[        ]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Reference Currency: 
 
[        ] 
(x) 
Reference Rate: 
 
[CMS Rate] 
(xi) 
CMS Designated Maturity: 
 
[        ] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
[Gearing Factor:  
[        ]] 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[RPI/HIPC] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 19(iii) below 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 5, 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date  
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions for determining 
Interest Amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Index is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Condition(s) [5(c) to 5(e)/5(i)] apply

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Indexation 
Factor: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Indexation 
Factor: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Limited Indexation 
Month(s) or period for 
calculation of Limited 
Indexation Factor: 
[[        ][Not Applicable]] 
(xii) 
Base Index [Figure/Level] 
(Condition 5[(a)/(g)]): 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiv) 
“Index Figure” (Condition 
5(a)): 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of “Index” or “Index Figure” as set out in 
Condition 5(a) shall apply][Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Reference Gilt: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
20. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event[s] 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest)/Not Applicable] 
[Customer GHG Savings Event] 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Event] 
[M-Pesa Customers Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
 [Reference Year(s): 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        
]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]]] 
(ii) 
 [Threshold: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings 
Reference Year if more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt 
CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year if 
more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold[s]: [        ] per cent. [in 
respect of [specify relevant Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference 
Year if more than one Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year 
is included] [and [        ] per cent. in respect of [specify relevant Female Management 
and Senior Leadership Reference Year if more than one Female Management and 
Senior Leadership Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa 
platform (or equivalent mobile money service) [in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa 
Customers Reference Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa platform (or equivalent 
mobile money service) in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference 
Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of 
metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if more than one 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [     
] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of 
[specify relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if 
more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is 
included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included]]] 
(iii) 
[Baseline Financial Year: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event and/or 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event is specified as applicable in paragraph 20) 
(iv) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
Start Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 20) 
(v) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
End Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 20) 
(vi) 
[Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Margin[s]: 
 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Customer GHG Savings Event]]  
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Event]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a M-Pesa Customers Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Event]] 
(In relation to a single Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin with multiple 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum]] 
21. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable – Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a) applies/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Benchmark Transition: 
[Applicable – Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b) applies/Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
(Unless otherwise agreed, select ‘Benchmark Transition’ if the Notes are Floating 
Rate Notes and the Original Reference Rate is SOFR; otherwise select ‘Benchmark 
Replacement’) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[Par Call - [      ] per Calculation Amount] [Make Whole Redemption Price] [in the case 
of the Optional Redemption Date[s] falling [on [ ]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Spens Amount/Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[        ] 
− 
Reference Bond: 
[        ] 
− 
Quotation Time: 
[        ] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ]  
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ]  
(v) 
Issuer Call Period: 
[        ] 
[(vi) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[        ]] 
23. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Investor Put Period: 
[        ] 
24. 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Put Period: 
[       ]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Put Date: 
[       ] 
25. 
Clean-Up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Clean-Up 
Call 
Optional 
Redemption Date(s): 
[       ]] 
[(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ]] 
[(iii) 
Notice period: 
[       ]] 
[(iv) 
Clean-Up Call Threshold 
Percentage: 
[       ]] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
In cases where the Final 
Redemption Amount is Inflation 
Linked: 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount] 
(i) 
Index: 
[RPI/HIPC] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index: 
The Final Redemption Amount per Note shall be its outstanding nominal amount 
adjusted in accordance with Condition 5 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index is 
impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
Condition(s) [5(c) to 5(e) / 5(i)] shall apply 
(v) 
Reference Gilt: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
28. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event[s] 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium)/Not Applicable] 
[Customer GHG Savings Event] 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Event] 
[M-Pesa Customers Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Reference Year(s): 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        
]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]]] 
(ii) 
[Threshold: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings 
Reference Year if more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt 
CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year if 
more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold[s]: [        ] per cent. [in 
respect of [specify relevant Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference 
Year if more than one Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year 
is included] [and [        ] per cent. in respect of [specify relevant Female Management 
and Senior Leadership Reference Year if more than one Female Management and 
Senior Leadership Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa 
platform (or equivalent mobile money service) [in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa 
Customers Reference Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa platform (or equivalent 
mobile money service) in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference 
Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of 
metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if more than one 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of 
[specify relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if 
more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is 
included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included]]] 
(iii) 
[Baseline Financial Year: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event and/or 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event is specified as applicable in paragraph 28) 
(iv) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
Start Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 28) 
(v) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
End Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 28) 
(vi) 
[Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount[s]: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Customer GHG Savings Event]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Event]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a M-Pesa Customers Event] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 
2 Emissions Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Event]] 
(In relation to a single Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount with multiple 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]]]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
(vii) 
[Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date: 
[        ]]  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes/Exchangeable Bearer Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
[Bearer Notes/Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Certificate [and] [DTC Restricted Global Certificate] exchangeable 
for definitive Certificate only upon an Exchange Event] 
(b) 
[New Global 
Note]/[New Safe-
keeping Structure]: 
[Yes] [No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO RMB NOTES 
32. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
Calculation Agent: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Third Party Information 
[[       ] has been extracted from [       ].] Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [       ], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  __________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By:  __________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market with effect from [        ].]/[Application 
will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market with effect from [        ].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:  
[S&P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [       ]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
[[(i) 
Reasons for the offer/use 
of proceeds: 
[      ][General Corporate Purposes][Green Eligible Projects][Social Eligible 
Projects][Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects]]  
[[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[      ]] 
[[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[      ]] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - Yield: 
 
Indication of yield: 
[      ] 
6. 
[Performance of index and other information concerning the index:  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: 
[U.K. Retail Price Index (“RPI”) (all items) published by the Office of National Statistics] 
/ [non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco published by 
Eurostat (“HICP”)] 
(ii) 
Information 
about 
the 
Index, its volatility and 
past 
and 
future 
performance 
can 
be 
obtained from: 
Information on [RPI/HICP] can be found [free of charge] at [www.statistics.gov.uk / 
www.epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu] 
7. 
TEFRA Rules

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
Whether TEFRA D applicable or 
TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
Operational Information: 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Available] 
(v) 
CUSIP: 
[       ] 
(vi) 
CINS: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC 
(together with the 
address of each such 
clearing system) and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
(viii) 
Custodian for Retained 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) or, in the case of 
Registered Notes only, 
the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent, and the 
Transfer Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)][include this text for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA  Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK  
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Singaporean counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
Form of Pricing Supplement 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [         ]] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [         ]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the [United Kingdom (the “UK”)/UK]. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 8 of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the “FSMA”) and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[IRISH CENTRAL BANK ACTS - The Notes are issued in accordance with the exemption granted by the Central Bank of Ireland under 
Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act, 1971, inserted by Section 31 of the Central Bank Act, 1989, as amended by Section 70(d) of the 
Central Bank Act, 1997 each as amended by the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority of Ireland Act, 2004 and constitute 
commercial paper. An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the Deposit 
Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland 
arising from the issue of the Notes.]3  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR 
AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, subject to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions and the inclusion of additional applicable provisions: 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
[Date] 
Vodafone International Financing DAC  
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 2138004BCYGT82KFW603 
 
 
3 For any Notes having a maturity of less than one year. Any such Note to be issued and transferrable in minimum denominations of €125,000. 
4 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Exempt Notes] 
guaranteed by Vodafone Group Plc 
LEI: 213800TB53ELEUKM7Q61 
under the €30,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated [date] [and the supplementary prospectus[es] dated [   ]]. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing 
Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary prospectus[es]] [has] [have] 
been published on the website of [the [Issuer] at [       ] [and] [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com] and copies may be obtained 
during normal business hours from [    ].] 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in 
the [Base Prospectus] dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [as supplemented by [a] supplementary prospectus[es] dated 
[date]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplementary prospectus[es]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of [the [Issuer] at [       ] [and] [Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com] and copies may be 
obtained during normal business hours from [    ].] 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Vodafone International Financing DAC 
2. 
Guarantor: 
Vodafone Group Plc 
3. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[         ]] 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]] 
4. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[        ] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
− 
Series: 
[        ] [of which [     ] [are/will, on the Issue Date, be] Retained Notes] 
− 
Tranche: 
[        ] [of which [     ] [are/will, on the Issue Date, be] Retained Notes] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from [     ] ] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denomination(s): 
[        ] 
[[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[        ] 
8. 
[(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]: 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[        ]] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[        ]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [    ]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin[s]] 
 
[[   ] month [[        ]EURIBOR/TIBOR/CDOR/JIBAR] +/– [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/Weighted Average SOFR] +/– 
[ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at par[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount[s] (see 
paragraph 28 below)]] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption Basis: 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [21]/[22]/[23]/[24] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Date of [Board] approval[s] for 
issuance of Notes: 
[        ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date[, 
subject to the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin[s] described in paragraph [20] 
below] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(iii) 
[Interest Payment Date 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
 [Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
 
[          ] [Not Applicable]] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount[, subject as provided in Condition 4(a)]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ 
][, subject as provided in Condition 4(a)]] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
(viii) 
Determination Date: 
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 16(ii) below 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 
[[   ] month [[        ]EURIBOR/TIBOR/CDOR/JIBAR]] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
• 
Term Rate: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
o 
Specified Time: 
 
[[11.00 a.m./[     ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre] / [Not Applicable] 
o 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
 
[London/New York/Brussels/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Overnight Rate: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant Number: 
 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Not Applicable’, delete ‘Relevant Number’ and complete 
the remaining bullets below) 
 
(If ‘Index Determination’ is ‘Applicable’, insert number of days (expected to be five or 
greater) as the Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be ‘Not 
Applicable’) 
o 
D: 
 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
o 
Observation 
Method: 
 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
− 
Lag Period: 
 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not Applicable]  
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days should be specified for the 
Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[        ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[        ] 
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[        ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[        ] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
 
[(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[        ]]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
18. 
CMS Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 18(ii) below 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
 
[        ] 
(viii) 
Relevant Time: 
 
[        ] 
(ix) 
Reference Currency: 
 
[        ] 
(x) 
Reference Rate: 
 
[CMS Rate] 
(xi) 
CMS Designated Maturity: 
 
[        ] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
[Gearing Factor: 
[        ]] 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[        ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
19. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[RPI/HIPC] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[        ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in paragraph 19(iii) below 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Rate of Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 5, 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date  
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Issuing 
and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent): 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions for determining 
Interest Amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Index is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Condition(s) [5(c) to 5(e)/5(i)] apply 
(ix) 
Minimum Indexation 
Factor: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Indexation 
Factor: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Limited Indexation 
Month(s) or period for 
calculation of Limited 
Indexation Factor: 
[[        ][Not Applicable]] 
(xii) 
Base Index [Figure/Level] 
(Condition 5[(a)/(g)]): 
[        ] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xiv) 
“Index Figure” (Condition 
5(a)): 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of “Index” or “Index Figure” as set out in 
Condition 5(a) shall apply][Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Reference Gilt: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[      ] per cent. per annum][Not Applicable] 
20. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event[s] 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest)/Not Applicable] 
[Customer GHG Savings Event] 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Event] 
[M-Pesa Customers Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
 [Reference Year(s): 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [       
]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]]] 
(ii) 
 [Threshold: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG 
Savings Reference Year if more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year 
is included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt 
CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year if 
more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is included]]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold[s]: [        ] per cent. [in 
respect of [specify relevant Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference 
Year if more than one Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year 
is included] [and [        ] per cent. in respect of [specify relevant Female 
Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year if more than one Female 
Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa 
platform (or equivalent mobile money service) [in respect of [specify relevant M-
Pesa Customers Reference Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference 
Year is included] [and [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa platform (or 
equivalent mobile money service) in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa Customers 
Reference Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of 
metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if more than one 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [     
] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of 
[specify relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if 
more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is 
included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included]]] 
(iii) 
[Baseline Financial Year: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event and/or 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event is specified as applicable in paragraph 
20) 
(iv) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
Start Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 20) 
(v) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
End Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 20)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
(vi) 
[Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Margin[s]: 
 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Customer GHG Savings Event]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Event]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a M-Pesa Customers Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Event]] 
(In relation to a single Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin with multiple 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events only:) 
[[        ] per cent. per annum]] 
21. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable – Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a) applies/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Benchmark Transition: 
[Applicable – Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b) applies/Not Applicable] 
(Unless otherwise agreed, select ‘Benchmark Transition’ if the Notes are Floating 
Rate Notes and the Original Reference Rate is SOFR; otherwise select ‘Benchmark 
Replacement’) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[Par Call - [      ] per Calculation Amount] [Make Whole Redemption Price] [in the case 
of the Optional Redemption Date[s] falling [on [ ]]/[in the period from and including [date] 
to but excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Spens Amount/Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
− 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[        ] 
− 
Reference Bond: 
[        ]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
− 
Quotation Time: 
[        ] 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ]  
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ]  
(v) 
Issuer Call Period: 
[        ] 
[(vi) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[        ]] 
23. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[        ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Investor Put Period: 
[        ] 
24. 
Change of Control Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Put Period: 
[      ] 
(iii) 
Put Date: 
[      ] 
25. 
Clean-Up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Clean-Up Call Optional 
Redemption Date(s): 
[      ]] 
[(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[      ]] 
[(iii) 
Notice period: 
[      ]] 
[(iv) 
Clean-Up Call Threshold 
Percentage: 
[       ]] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
In cases where the Final 
Redemption Amount is Inflation 
Linked: 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount] 
(i) 
Index: 
[RPI/HIPC]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[        ] 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index: 
The Final Redemption Amount per Note shall be its outstanding nominal amount 
adjusted in accordance with Condition 5 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index is 
impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
Condition(s) [5(c) to 5(e) / 5(i)] shall apply 
(v) 
Reference Gilt: 
[        ][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
 
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
28. 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger 
Event[s] 
[Applicable – Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium)/Not Applicable] 
[Customer GHG Savings Event] 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Event] 
[M-Pesa Customers Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event] 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Reference Year(s): 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        
]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year[s]: [        ] [and [        ]]] 
(ii) 
[Threshold: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[Customer GHG Savings Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings 
Reference Year if more than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt 
CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year if more 
than one Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold[s]: [        ] per cent. [in 
respect of [specify relevant Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference 
Year if more than one Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year 
is included] [and [        ] per cent. in respect of [specify relevant Female Management 
and Senior Leadership Reference Year if more than one Female Management and 
Senior Leadership Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[M-Pesa Customers Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa 
platform (or equivalent mobile money service) [in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa 
Customers Reference Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is 
included] [and [        ] in millions of customers on the M-Pesa platform (or equivalent 
mobile money service) in respect of [specify relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference 
Year if more than one M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of 
metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if more than one 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [       
] in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of 
[specify relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year if 
more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year is 
included]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold[s]: [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) [in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included] [and [        ] in millions of metric tonnes of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e) in respect of [specify relevant Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year if more than one Vodafone GHG Scope 3 
Emissions Reference Year is included]]] 
(iii) 
[Baseline Financial Year: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event and/or 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event is specified as applicable in paragraph 28)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
(iv) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
Start Date:  
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as applicable 
in paragraph 28) 
(v) 
[Customer GHG Savings 
End Date: 
[        ]] 
(Only applicable if Vodafone Customer GHG Savings Event is specified as applicable 
in paragraph 28) 
(vi) 
[Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Amount[s]: 
(In relation to a Customer GHG Savings Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Customer GHG Savings Event]] 
(In relation to a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Event]] 
(In relation to a M-Pesa Customers Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a M-Pesa Customers Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Event]] 
(In relation to a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount] [in respect of a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Event]] 
(In relation to a single Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount with multiple 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events only:) 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]]] 
(vii) 
[Sustainability-Linked 
Premium Payment Date: 
[        ]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes/Exchangeable Bearer Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
[Bearer Notes/Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Certificate [and] [DTC Restricted Global Certificate] exchangeable 
for definitive Certificate only upon an Exchange Event] 
(b) 
[New Global Note]/[New 
Safe-keeping Structure]: 
[Yes] [No] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
32. 
Additional terms and conditions: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]] 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO RMB NOTES 
33. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
34. 
Calculation Agent: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
Third Party Information 
[[       ] has been extracted from [       ].] Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [       ], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  __________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:  
 
By:  __________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on the [specify] and admitted to trading on [specify].]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[        ] 
2. 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated:  
[S&P: [       ]] 
[Moody’s: [       ]] 
[Fitch: [       ]] 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue: 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
[[(i) 
Reasons for the offer/use 
of proceeds: 
[      ][General Corporate Purposes][Green Eligible Projects][Social Eligible 
Projects][Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects]]  
[[(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[      ]] 
[[(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[      ]] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only - Yield: 
 
Indication of yield: 
[      ] 
6. 
[Performance of index and other information concerning the index:  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: 
[U.K. Retail Price Index (“RPI”) (all items) published by the Office of National 
Statistics] / [non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco 
published by Eurostat (“HICP”)] 
(ii) 
Information 
about 
the 
Index, its volatility and 
past 
and 
future 
performance 
can 
be 
obtained from: 
Information on [RPI/HICP] can be found [free of charge] at [www.statistics.gov.uk / 
www.epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu] 
7. 
TEFRA Rules  
 
Whether TEFRA D applicable or 
TEFRA rules not applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
Operational Information:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Available] 
(v) 
CUSIP: 
[       ] 
(vi) 
CINS: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC 
(together with the 
address of each such 
clearing system) and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
(viii) 
Custodian for Retained 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) or, in the case of 
Registered Notes only, 
the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent, and the 
Transfer Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[        ]] 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of this Pricing Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. [(together, the “ICSDs”)] as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)][include this text for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Singaporean counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, that, subject to completion by the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to 
the Notes and/or Certificates in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) and/or Global Certificates representing 
each Series. Either (i) the full text of the following Terms and Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the applicable Final Terms 
or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the disapplication of non-applicable provisions), shall 
be endorsed on such definitive Bearer Notes or on the definitive Certificates relating to Registered Notes. The applicable Pricing 
Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose 
of such Notes. Reference should be made to “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form” for a description of the 
content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. References in the following 
Terms and Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
Notes issued by Vodafone International Financing DAC (the “Issuer”) are constituted by a Trust Deed dated 27 July 2020 (such Trust Deed 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) made between the Issuer, Vodafone Group Plc (the 
“Guarantor”) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include any successor as trustee). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement dated 27 July 2020 (such Agency Agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
HSBC Bank plc as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Issuing and Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor issuing and principal paying agent) and the Trustee. The Issuer and the Guarantor may appoint other paying agents 
(together with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents), an exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent”, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent), a registrar 
(the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and transfer agents (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer 
Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agent). The Noteholders (as defined below) and the holders 
(the “Couponholders”) of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in 
the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, those provisions applicable 
to them of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms. Any reference herein to “Coupons” or “coupons” shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to “Talons” or “talons”. References in these Terms and Conditions to “Exempt Notes” 
are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
If this Note is not an Exempt Note, the final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on this Note 
(the “Final Terms”). Part A of the Final Terms completes these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the pricing 
supplement for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are attached to or endorsed on this Note (the “Pricing Supplement”). Part A 
of the Pricing Supplement completes these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note and may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  In the case of Exempt Notes, any subsequent reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Final 
Terms” shall be deemed to include reference to “Pricing Supplement” so far as the context admits.  
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders (which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes 
together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office for 
the time being of the Guarantor (being Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN) and of the Trustee (being at 
Eighth Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, England) and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. In addition, the 
applicable Final Terms will be available for viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, at  
https://live.euronext.com or otherwise published in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). If this 
Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent for the time being in London as to the identity of such holder. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. Words and 
expressions defined in the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event 
of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed shall prevail and, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
References herein to “RMB Notes” are to Notes denominated in Renminbi.  References herein to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to 
the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s 
Republic of China and Taiwan. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon.  
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered 
Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes may be redeemable at par or may be Inflation Linked Redemption Notes, depending on the Redemption Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes may also be Sustainability-Linked Notes as defined in Condition 4(c). 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may include terms and conditions not contemplated by these Terms and Conditions, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes, in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 2(c), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes will pass by registration in the register 
that the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement (the “Register”). The Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange 
Agent and the Trustee may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the holder (as defined below) of 
any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not the Note or Coupon shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing on the Note or Coupon (or on the Certificate representing it) or any notice of 
previous loss or theft of the Note or Coupon (or that of the related Certificate) or of trust or any interest therein) and shall not be 
required to obtain any proof thereof or as to the identity of such holder and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note or Coupon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, some or all of the relevant Tranche of Notes may immediately be purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer on the Issue Date thereof. Such Notes are referred to as “Retained Notes”.  Any Retained Notes may (in 
each case, together with the related Coupons and Talons, if applicable) be purchased by and held by or for the account of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Guarantor and may be sold or otherwise 
disposed of in whole or in part by private treaty at any time, and shall cease to be Retained Notes to the extent of and upon such 
sale or disposal.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
Retained Notes shall, pending sale or disposal by or on behalf of the Issuer, carry the same rights and be subject in all respects 
to the same terms and conditions as the other Notes of the relevant Series, except that Retained Notes will not be treated as 
outstanding for the purposes of determining quorum or voting at meetings of Noteholders, passing a resolution in writing, the 
giving of consent by way of electronic consents or of considering the interests of the Noteholders save as otherwise provided in 
the Trust Deed.  Notes which have ceased to be Retained Notes shall carry the same rights and be subject in all respects to the 
same terms and conditions as the other Notes of the relevant Series. 
Retained Notes will be held by a custodian appointed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Custodian”). At the time of such appointment, the Issuer (or the Guarantor or a 
relevant Subsidiary of the Guarantor, as the case may be), the Trustee and the Custodian will enter into a custody agreement to 
specify how the Custodian will hold such Retained Notes on behalf of the Issuer. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same nominal amount of Registered 
Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder (in substantially the same form set out in Schedule 4 of the Agency 
Agreement) and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons 
relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is 
surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(c)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect 
of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes 
that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender 
of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who 
is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender 
of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) above shall only be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Change of Control Put Notice (as defined in Condition 
7(d)) or Put Notice (as defined in Condition 7(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender 
of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Change of Control Put Notice, Put Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, 
at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, 
form of transfer, Change of Control Put Notice, Put Notice or other in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance 
to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 
2(d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange or Transfer Free of Charge

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer and exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of 
any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged 
for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7(c), (ii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iii) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, 
however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not 
later than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other, present and future, outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (other than obligations preferred by law). 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the 
Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the “Guarantee”). The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank 
and will rank pari passu with all other, present and future, outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor 
(other than obligations preferred by law). 
4. 
Interest and Sustainability-Linked Notes 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date. 
In the case of RMB Notes, if: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date Adjustment is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
(x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or 
(y) any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except (A) in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined in Condition 4(c)) where (i) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) following the 
occurrence of one or more relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s), the Initial Rate of Interest has been increased in 
accordance with Condition 4(c) or (B) as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except in the case of relevant Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, CMS Linked Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B), the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of CMS Linked Notes will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(G). 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR for a currency, 
the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), (i) “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions, (ii) the 
definition of “Banking Day” in the ISDA Definitions shall be amended to insert after the words “are open for” in the 
second line the word “general” and (iii) “Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies both Screen Rate Determination and Term 
Rate to be “Applicable”. The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph above, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, at approximately the Relevant Time, on the Interest Determination 
Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is TIBOR, the Tokyo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank market 
or, if the Reference Rate is JIBAR, the Johannesburg inter-bank market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
approximately the Relevant Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Guarantor suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is TIBOR, the Tokyo inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is JIBAR, the Johannesburg inter-bank market, as the case may be, plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period).  
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index 
Determination 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) Screen Rate Determination and 
Overnight Rate to be “Applicable”; (2) Compounded Daily SONIA as the Reference Rate; and (3) Index Determination 
to be “Not Applicable”.  
(a) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖  x  𝑛𝑖
D
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] x 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
“D”  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
 
“do”  
means: 
 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
 
 
London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in  
 
 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in:  
 
 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant  
 
 
 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
 
 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
 
“ni” 
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and including) such London  
 
 
Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first 
 
 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
 
 
to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the  
 
 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due;  
 
“p”  
means: 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
 
London Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
 
number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
 
 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
number of London Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
 
 
 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx”), is a reference rate equal to the daily  
 
 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
 
 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
 
 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day  
 
 
immediately following such LBDx; and 
 
“SONIAi ” means the SONIA reference rate for: 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the London  
 
 
 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or  
 
 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(a) 
above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, 
such SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be the 
rate determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as: 
 
 
I. 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if 
 
 
 
earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA  
 
 
 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of which a SONIA 
 
 
 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest  
 
 
 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
 
 
 
one only of those lowest spreads); or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
II. 
if the Bank Rate under (I)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either (A) the SONIA reference rate 
 
 
 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
 
 
 
the first preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more 
 
 
 
recent, the latest rate determined under (I) above, 
 
 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(a) above shall be construed  
 
 
accordingly. 
(c) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C), and without prejudice to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
 
 
I. 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate of Interest was so 
 
 
 
determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
 
 
 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last  
 
 
 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
 
 
 
(as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate 
 
 
 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual  
 
 
 
Period); or  
 
 
II. 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
 
 
 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
 
 
 
period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest  
 
 
 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or  
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
 
 
in each case as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) Screen Rate Determination and 
Overnight Rate to be “Applicable”; (2) Compounded Daily SONIA as the Reference Rate; and (3) Index Determination 
to be “Applicable”. 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded 
daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate  =  ( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded 
 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is 
 
determined; 
 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
 
 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is  
 
 
specified, five); 
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index 
 
 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
 
 
such Interest Accrual Period; and  
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index 
 
 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the  
 
 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant  
 
 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is  
 
 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period).  
(b) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which 
the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C) above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘Not 
Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the 
“Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) Screen Rate Determination and 
Overnight Rate to be “Applicable”; (2) either Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR as the Reference 
Rate; and (3) Index Determination to be “Not Applicable”. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be Compounded Daily SOFR, the provisions of 
paragraph (a) below of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) apply. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be Weighted Average SOFR, the provisions of 
paragraph (b) below of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) apply. 
(a) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where this paragraph (a) the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  x  ni
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] x 𝐷
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days in:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
“D” 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
 
“do” 
means: 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
“i” 
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
 
 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
 
 
in: 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but  
 
 
excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor  
 
 
administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
 
“ni”  
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and  
 
 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S.  
 
 
Government Securities Business Day; 
 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities  
 
 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling 
 
 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest  
 
 
Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on 
 
 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
 
“p”  
means: 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
 
 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final 
 
 
 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero U.S. 
 
 
 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
 
 
Business Days);

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
“Reference Day” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, other 
 
 
than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
 
“SOFR”  in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“USBDx”), is a reference rate equal to the daily 
 
 
secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
 
 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case at or 
 
 
around 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately  
 
 
following such USBDx; 
 
“SOFRi”  means the SOFR for: 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the U.S.  
 
 
 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
 
 
 
to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
 
 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, 
 
 
 
 
the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately  
 
 
 
 
preceding such Reference Day; or 
 
 
 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is not a Reference 
 
 
 
 
Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the  
 
 
 
 
SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
 
 
 
 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last Reference Day 
 
 
 
 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); or 
 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
 
 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
 
 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
 
 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(b) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where this paragraph (b) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) 
and as provided below, be the Weighted Average SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent as of the Interest Determination Date (and rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards), where: 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means: 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
 
 
mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Observation Period,  
 
 
calculated by multiplying each relevant SOFR by the number of calendar days such rate is in  
 
 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar  
 
 
days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for any calendar 
 
 
day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR in 
 
 
effect for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
 
 
and 
 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the  
 
 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Accrual 
 
 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant SOFR by the number of days such rate is in effect, 
 
 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant SOFR for each day during that Lock-out 
 
 
Period will be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
 
 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for any calendar day  
 
 
which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be 
 
 
deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
 
 
preceding such calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (b) and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in paragraph 
(a) above of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D). 
(c) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(E), in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be 
determined, such SOFR is not available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(E) but without prejudice to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis 
mutandis, with the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(c). 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Index Determination 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) Screen Rate Determination and 
Overnight Rate to be “Applicable”; (2) Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate; and (3) Index Determination 
to be “Applicable”. 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and as provided below, be the 
Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
“Compounded SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage and 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥360
𝑑𝑐
 
 
where: 
“dc” 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexStart is 
 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
 
 
five); 
 
“SOFR”  means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR  
 
 
Administrator’s Website; 
 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any successor source; 
 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the SOFR index value as  
 
 
published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR  
 
 
Determination Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the  
 
 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of such Interest  
 
 
Accrual Period; 
 
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the  
 
 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for 
 
 
such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
 
 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual  
 
 
Period); and 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
 
 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
 
 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(b) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or displayed on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period 
for which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SOFR” determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(E) above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘Not 
Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the 
“Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days, as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(G) 
Rate of Interest for CMS Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by reference to the following 
formula: 
[CMS Rate + Margin] x Gearing Factor 
Where: 
“CMS Rate” means, subject as provided below, the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the CMS Designated Maturity which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If (for the purposes of determining the applicable CMS Rate) the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If three or more of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent such 
quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating the highest (or, if there is more than one 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
(H) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) applies only to (i) Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and (ii) CMS Linked Notes, 
unless Benchmark Discontinuation is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be “Not Applicable”. 
 If the applicable Final Terms specifies Benchmark Replacement to be “Applicable”, the provisions of Condition 
4(b)(ii)(H)(a) apply, together with the other provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) (other than Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b)). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies Benchmark Transition to be “Applicable”, the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b) 
apply, together with the other provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) (other than Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a)). 
(a) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(i) 
Guarantor Determination and Independent Adviser  
If a Benchmark Discontinuation Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then:  
(a) 
the Guarantor shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
(in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(iv)), by no later than five Business Days prior to the first Interest Determination 
Date that (A) falls after the Benchmark Replacement Date relating to such Benchmark 
Discontinuation Event, and (B) relates to an Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) is to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”); and 
(b) 
if the Guarantor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(i)(a), the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(iv)), by no later than the first Interest Determination Date that (A) falls after the 
Benchmark Replacement Date relating to such Benchmark Discontinuation Event, and (B) relates to 
an Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) is to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(i) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Trustee, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, any Calculation Agent, any other agents under the 
Agency Agreement (together with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and any Calculation Agent, the 
“Agents” and each an “Agent”), the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any advice given to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor in connection with any determination made by the Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(D). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Guarantor (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(i)) determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(v) and to the further operation of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)); 
or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(v) 
and to the further operation of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Guarantor (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(i)) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) will be used as described in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(ii) without application of any Adjustment 
Spread (subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(v) and to the further operation of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) and the Guarantor (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(i)) 
determines (a) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement, (if applicable) any 
calculation agency agreement (a “Calculation Agency Agreement”) and/or the Trust Deed (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day or Relevant Screen Page) are 
necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (or any combination thereof) (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (b) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall, subject to (A) Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(v) and (B) giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, vary these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the relevant Calculation Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed (as applicable) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Guarantor, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and each of the Agents of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(vi), the Trustee and/or 
each relevant Agent (as applicable) shall (at the expense of the Guarantor), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of a deed or agreement supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or the relevant Calculation Agency Agreement, as applicable) and neither the Trustee nor any 
Agent shall be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither the Trustee nor any 
Agent shall be obliged so to concur if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the relevant Agent (as applicable), 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or the relevant Agent, as applicable, in 
these Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or any Calculation Agency Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) in 
any way. 
(v) 
Benchmark Replacement Date 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), following the occurrence of any Benchmark 
Discontinuation Event:  
(1) 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be used in place of the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
and  
(2) 
no Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments shall take effect,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
until the first Interest Determination Date that (A) falls after the Benchmark Replacement Date relating to such 
Benchmark Discontinuation Event and (B) relates to an Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) is to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate. 
(b) 
Benchmark Transition 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser  
 
The Guarantor shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determining the Benchmark Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate 
for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b)  with respect to 
such Benchmark Replacement) and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Guarantor shall have effect for any subsequent 
determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b) 
with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), subject, if any associated Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes are required in connection therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions.  
 
If, notwithstanding the Guarantor’s reasonable endeavours, the Guarantor is unable to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, the Guarantor shall nevertheless be 
entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to make any and all determinations 
expressed to be made by the Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b), notwithstanding that such 
determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser. If, however, the Guarantor is 
unable to determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b), the provisions 
of Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(d) below shall apply. 
 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to the Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b)(i) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Trustee, the Agents (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a)(i)), the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any advice given to the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with any determination made by the Guarantor 
pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b). 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes  
 
If the Guarantor, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), considers it is necessary 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Guarantor shall, in consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed), determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes and shall, subject to giving notice in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(c) below (but without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders), vary these Terms and Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement, (if applicable) any calculation agency agreement (a “Calculation Agency Agreement”) and/or the 
Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
 
At the request of the Guarantor, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and each of the Agents of a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(c), the Trustee and/or 
each relevant Agent (as applicable) shall  (at  the  expense  of  the  Guarantor),  without  any  requirement  for  
the  consent  or  approval  of  the  Noteholders  or  the Couponholders,  be  obliged  to  concur  with  the  Issuer  
and the Guarantor in  using  its  reasonable  endeavours  to  effect  any  Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes  (including,  inter  alia,  by  the  execution  of  a  deed  or  agreement  supplemental  to  or  amending  
the  Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement and/or the relevant Calculation Agency Agreement, as 
applicable) and neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be liable to any party for any consequences thereof,

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
provided that neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged so to concur if, in the sole opinion of the 
Trustee or the relevant Agent (as applicable), doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee or the relevant Agent, as applicable, in these Terms and  Conditions,  the  Trust  Deed,    the  
Agency  Agreement  or  any  Calculation  Agency  Agreement  (including,  for  the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
(c) 
Notification of Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement (as  
  
applicable) and any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as  
  
applicable) 
Following a Benchmark Discontinuation Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) and the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) pursuant to 
the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D) (and in any event prior to any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as applicable) taking effect), the Guarantor will promptly notify the Trustee, the Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, of any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) so determined under this Condition 4(b)(ii)(D). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) (if any). 
Prior to any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark 
Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) taking effect, the 
Guarantor shall deliver to the Trustee and the Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the 
Guarantor: 
(1) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Discontinuation Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) and, in either case, the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, (b) the 
Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable Adjustment Spread, 
(d) the Benchmark Replacement and (e) the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H); and 
(2) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as 
applicable) are necessary to follow market practice or, as applicable, to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
or such Benchmark Replacement or any combination thereof (as applicable). 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread, the Benchmark Replacement and the 
Benchmark Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread, the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s and each Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid and subject to Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(v)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders as 
of their effective date. 
 (d) 
Fallbacks 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) Conditions

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
4(b)(ii)(B) to 4(b)(ii)(F) or (in the case of CMS Linked Notes) Condition 4(b)(ii)(G) will continue to apply unless 
and until (a) a Benchmark Discontinuation Event and/or a Benchmark Transition Event in relation to the 
Original Reference Rate and (b) a related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Replacement Date in respect of the Original Reference Rate and 
in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
(i) 
(in the case of a Benchmark Discontinuation Event) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
 
applicable) is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a) by such Interest 
 
Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event) no Benchmark Replacement is determined in 
 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(b),  
the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on 
such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) Condition 4(b)(ii)(B) to 4(b)(ii)(F) or (in the case of CMS Linked Notes) Condition 
4(b)(ii)(G) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(b)(ii)(H). 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes for each Interest Period will be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Amounts of interest payable in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes determined by reference to the applicable Rate 
of Interest shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 5. 
(iv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) above is greater 
than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, and the Calculation Agent, in the case of CMS Linked 
Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (or other Interest Accrual Period). In the case of CMS 
Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or other Interest Accrual Period) by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are represented by a 
Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note, a CMS Linked Note or an Inflation 
Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(A) 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies both Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate to be 
“Applicable”, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and the Guarantor and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will, if the relevant Notes are to be listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, be 
promptly notified to each such stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  
(B) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies both Screen Rate Determination and Overnight Rate to be “Applicable”, the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment will, if the relevant Notes are to be listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such stock exchange so require, be promptly notified to each such stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(vii), the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4, whether by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence of wilful default and fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
Couponholders shall attach to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s) 
This Condition 4(c) applies to (i) Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable or (ii) any Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable (“Sustainability-Linked Notes”). 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of one or more relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s), the Initial Rate of Interest shall be increased by the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Margin(s). 
If Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following the occurrence 
of one or more relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s), the Issuer shall pay to the holder of each Note an amount equal 
to the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) on the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date. 
The Issuer will cause: (i) the occurrence of any relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event; and (ii) (unless the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Noteholders as required by this Condition 4(c)) the satisfaction of the Customer GHG Savings Condition, the 
Female Management and Senior Leadership Condition, the M-Pesa Customers Condition, the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 
2 Emissions Condition and/or the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Condition, as the case may be, to be notified to the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
after such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, in any event no later 
than the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) 
in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable, the Rate of Interest and, in the case of a notification of the occurrence of a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event, the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin and the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date or 
(ii) in the case of (A) Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable and, (B) a notification of the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount and the relevant Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date.  
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Interest) is applicable, (i) if one Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no more than once following the occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event, (ii) if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms with only one Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin, an increase in the Rate of Interest will occur no more than once 
following the occurrence of one or more of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events and (iii) during the term of the Notes, 
if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms together with two or 
more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related combination of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins relating to such 
Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events may be applicable for the remaining term of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes, following any such increase to the Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest will 
not subsequently decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest and no Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s) will be payable as a 
result of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event.  
In the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event (Premium) is applicable, (i) if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms with only one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount, only one Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount will 
be payable following the occurrence of one or more of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events and (ii) during the term 
of the Notes, if two or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms together 
with two or more Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margins, the related combination of Sustainability-Linked Premium Amounts may 
be payable. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of any such Notes, no increase in the Rate of Interest will occur as a result 
of the occurrence of a relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on 
any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c) without further enquiry or liability.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) 
from the date of its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue 
to accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Guarantor (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a)(i)) determines is to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with such Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case of a Successor Rate, the Guarantor 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate 
or such Alternative Rate (as the case may be);  
(iii) 
(if the Guarantor determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies) the Guarantor determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Guarantor determines that none of (i), (ii) or (iii) above applies) the Guarantor determines to be appropriate in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to the Noteholders and the Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Guarantor determines (in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a)(ii)) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Linked Notes, with a commensurate swap rate designated maturity and in the same Reference 
Currency as the Notes,  
or, in any case, if the Guarantor determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Guarantor determines in its sole 
discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
“Authorised Signatory” means any person who (a) is a Director or the Secretary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) or (b) has been notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in writing to the Trustee as being duly authorised 
to sign documents and to do other acts and things on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) for the purposes 
of the Trust Deed; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H)(a)(iv);  
“Benchmark Discontinuation Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
(i) 
such Original Reference Rate ceasing to (a) be published for a period of at least five Business Days or (b) exist or be 
administered;  
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference Rate) 
and (b) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(a);  
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that such Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) 
the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(a);  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that means such 
Original Reference Rate has become prohibited from being used or that its use has become subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences;  
(vi) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means such Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (b) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (vi)(a);  
(vii) 
it has or will, prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Agent or 
any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and/or 
the Interest Amount to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using such Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(viii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that 
such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the Original 
Reference Rate giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to any Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period, the timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means: 
(i) 
with respect to any Benchmark Discontinuation Event: 
(a) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of “Benchmark Discontinuation 
Event”, the first Business Day immediately following such five-Business Day period; 
(b) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraphs (i)(b) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Discontinuation 
Event”, the date of the relevant cessation of existence, administration or publication, as applicable; 
(c) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraphs (iii), (v) or (viii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Discontinuation Event”, the date of the relevant public statement; 
(d) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of “Benchmark Discontinuation Event”, 
the date of the relevant discontinuation; or 
(e) 
in the case of event falling within sub-paragraphs (vi) or (vii) of the definition of “Benchmark Discontinuation 
Event”, the date on which the relevant prohibition, restrictions, adverse consequences or unlawfulness 
become(s) effective; and 
(ii) 
with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event: 
(a) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component); 
(b) 
in the case of an event falling within sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative; 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, 
respectively), (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open or (3) in relation to any sum 
payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong; 
“Calculation Agent” means the person appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor as calculation agent in relation to a Series of 
CMS Linked Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed in 
respect of such Notes; 
“CDOR” means the Canadian dollar offered rate; 
“CMS Reference Banks” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-
bank market; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City inter-bank market; and  
(iv) 
in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers 
in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market,  
in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent; 
“Customer GHG Savings” means, in respect of the period from (and including) the Customer GHG Savings Start Date to (but 
excluding) the Customer GHG Savings End Date, the total greenhouse gas emissions within the Scope of Reporting that the 
Group has helped its customers to avoid; 
 “Customer GHG Savings Amount” means, in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e), the Customer 
GHG Savings calculated in good faith by the Guarantor in consultation with the External Savings Agent, reported by the Guarantor 
in accordance with Condition 15 and confirmed by the External Verifier; 
“Customer GHG Savings Condition” means, in relation to each Customer GHG Savings Reference Year, the condition that: (i) 
the Reporting Condition (as defined in Condition 15) has been satisfied; and (ii) the Customer GHG Savings Amount in respect

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
of such Customer GHG Savings Reference Year, as shown in the relevant ESG Addendum, is equal to or greater than the 
Customer GHG Savings Threshold in respect of such Customer GHG Savings Reference Year, and if the requirements of (i) 
and/or (ii) (above) are not met, the Customer GHG Savings Condition in respect of the relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference 
Year shall be deemed not to have been satisfied; 
“Customer GHG Savings End Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the GHG Savings End 
Date; 
“Customer GHG Savings Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the Customer GHG Savings 
Condition in respect of any Customer GHG Savings Reference Year is not satisfied, provided no Customer GHG Savings Event 
has previously occurred in respect of the Notes; 
“Customer GHG Savings Reference Year” means the financial year(s) of the Guarantor specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the Customer GHG Savings Reference Year(s); 
“Customer GHG Savings Start Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Customer GHG 
Savings Start Date; 
“Customer GHG Savings Threshold” means the threshold(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Customer 
GHG Savings Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant Customer GHG Savings Reference Year(s); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual-ISDA” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number is 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Accrual 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Accrual 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Accrual 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Accrual 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such 
date);  
“ESG Addendum” has the meaning give to it in Condition 15;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
“External Savings Agent” means The Carbon Trust or, in the event that The Carbon Trust resigns or is otherwise replaced, such 
other third party as may be appointed by the Guarantor to consult with the Guarantor in calculating the Customer GHG Savings 
Amount; 
“External Verifier” means:  
(a) 
in relation to the Customer GHG Savings Amount, Grant Thornton UK LLP or, in the event that Grant Thornton UK LLP 
resigns or is otherwise replaced by the Guarantor, such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation 
services appointed by the Guarantor to review the Guarantor’s statement of the Customer GHG Savings Amount; 
(b) 
in relation to the Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount, any qualified provider of third-party assurance 
or attestation services appointed by the Guarantor to review the Guarantor’s statement of Female Management and 
Senior Leadership Amount; 
(c) 
in relation to the M-Pesa Customers Amount, any qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services 
appointed by the Guarantor to review the Guarantor’s statement of M-Pesa Customers Amount; and 
(d) 
in relation to the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount and Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Amount, Grant Thornton UK LLP or, in the event that Grant Thornton UK LLP resigns or is otherwise replaced by the 
Guarantor, such other qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the Guarantor to 
review the Guarantor’s statement of the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount and Vodafone GHG 
Scope 3 Emissions Amount; 
“Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount” means, in respect of a relevant financial year, the total number of 
women in management and senior leadership roles in the Group within the Scope of Reporting as a percentage of total number 
of employees in management and senior leadership roles in the Group within the Scope of Reporting, in respect of such financial 
year and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor, reported by the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 and confirmed by 
the External Verifier; 
“Female Management and Senior Leadership Condition” means, in relation to each Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Reference Year, the condition that: (i) the Reporting Condition (as defined in Condition 15) has been satisfied; and (ii) 
the Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount in respect of such Female Management and Senior Leadership 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant ESG Addendum, is equal to or greater than the Female Management and Senior 
Leadership Threshold in respect of such Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year, and if the requirements 
of (i) and/or (ii) (above) are not met, the Female Management and Senior Leadership Condition in respect of the relevant Female 
Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year shall be deemed not to have been satisfied; 
a “Female Management and Senior Leadership Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the 
Female Management and Senior Leadership Condition in respect of any Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference 
Year is not satisfied, provided no Female Management and Senior Leadership Event has previously occurred in respect of the 
Notes; 
“Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold” means the threshold(s) (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant Female 
Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year(s); 
“Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year” means the financial year(s) of the Guarantor specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year(s); 
“Fixed Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the 
whole of that year;  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the relevant period divided 
by 365; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources 
Institute, as such document may be amended, supplemented or replaced at the relevant time; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Guarantor at its own expense under Condition 
4(b)(ii)(H)(i) and notified in writing to the Trustee; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be 
calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“Interest Determination Date” means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate is SONIA, the date which is “p” London Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
the Reference Rate is SOFR, the date which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(d) 
the Reference Rate is TIBOR, the second Tokyo Business Day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(e) 
the Reference Rate is CDOR, the first day of each Interest Period; or 
(f) 
the Reference Rate is JIBAR, the first day of each Interest Period; or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Notes are CMS Linked Notes, each date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes); 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply 
for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“JIBAR” means the Johannesburg inter-bank agreed rate; 
“M-Pesa Customers Amount” means the number in millions of customers of the Group within the Scope of Reporting on the M-
Pesa platform (or equivalent mobile money service), in respect of a financial year and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor, 
reported by the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 and confirmed by the External Verifier; 
“M-Pesa Customers Condition” means, in relation to each M-Pesa Customers Reference Year, the condition that: (i) the 
Reporting Condition (as defined in Condition 15) has been satisfied; and (ii) the M-Pesa Customers Amount in respect of such 
M-Pesa Customers Reference Year, as shown in the relevant ESG Addendum, is equal to or greater than the M-Pesa Customers 
Threshold in respect of such M-Pesa Customers Reference Year, and if the requirements of (i) and/or (ii) (above) are not met, 
the M-Pesa Customers Condition in respect of the relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference Year shall be deemed not to have been 
satisfied; 
a “M-Pesa Customers Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the M-Pesa Customers Condition 
in respect of any M-Pesa Customers Reference Year is not satisfied, provided no M-Pesa Customers Event has previously 
occurred in respect of the Notes; 
“M-Pesa Customers Reference Year” means the financial year(s) of the Guarantor specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the M-Pesa Customers Reference Year(s); 
“M-Pesa Customers Threshold” means the threshold(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the M-Pesa Customers 
Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant M-Pesa Customers Reference Year(s);  
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Replacement Dates, such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) (or any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (for a further) 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) and a Benchmark Discontinuation Event or 
Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) and, in either case, a related Benchmark Replacement Date subsequently occur in 
respect of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable), the term “Original Reference Rate” 
shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable)); 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of TIBOR, the principal Tokyo office of ten major banks in the Tokyo inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of CDOR, four major Canadian Schedule I chartered banks, in the case of a determination 
of JIBAR, the principal Johannesburg office of four major banks in the Johannesburg inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent; 
“Reference Rate” means (i) EURIBOR, (ii) TIBOR, (iii) CDOR, (iv) JIBAR or (v) CMS Rate, in each case for the relevant period 
or (vi) Compounded Daily SONIA, (vii) Compounded Daily SOFR or (viii) Weighted Average SOFR, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
“Reference Year” means: 
(i) 
a Customer GHG Savings Reference Year; 
(ii) 
a Female Management and Senior Leadership Reference Year;  
(iii) 
a M-Pesa Customers Reference Year;  
(iv) 
a Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year; and/or 
(v) 
a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year,  
as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as the context may so require;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
 Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; 
(b) 
Tokyo, in the case of a determination of TIBOR; 
(c) 
Toronto, in the case of a determination of CDOR; and  
(d) 
Johannesburg, in the case of a determination of JIBAR; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are CMS Linked Notes, the city specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean 
of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard 
market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three months;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard 
market practice; 
“Relevant Time” means:  
(i) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(b) 
in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(c) 
in the case of CDOR, 10.00 a.m.; and  
(d) 
in the case of JIBAR, 11.00 a.m.; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are CMS Linked Notes, the time specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre; 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time; 
“Scope of Reporting” means, in relation to the ESG Addendum, performance data which is included in the scope of the ESG 
Addendum as more fully described in the section of the section of the ESG Addendum headed “Reporting Criteria Scope” and 
subject to the good faith judgement of the Guarantor; 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent;  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount” means, in relation to one or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s), the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount in respect of such Sustainability-
Linked Trigger Event(s); 
“Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Payment Date; 
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date” means, in relation to a Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event, the first Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the occurrence of such Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event;  
“Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin” means, in relation to one or more Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event(s), the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin in respect of such Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event(s);

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event” means, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, a 
Customer GHG Savings Event, a Female Management and Senior Leadership Event, a M-Pesa Customers Event, a Vodafone 
GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event and/or a Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event, in each case in respect of the 
respective relevant Reference Year;  
“Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event Notification Deadline” means the day falling 135 days after the last day of the applicable 
Reference Year;  
“Threshold” means: 
(a) Customer GHG Savings Threshold; 
(b) Female Management and Senior Leadership Threshold;  
(c) M-Pesa Customers Threshold;  
(d) Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold; and/or 
(e) Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as the context may so require;  
“TIBOR” means the Tokyo inter-bank offered rate;  
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 Emissions” means, in respect of a financial year, direct greenhouse gas emissions from controlled 
sources of the Group within the Scope of Reporting, in respect of such financial year calculated in good faith by the Guarantor 
using the market-based method; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 2 Emissions” means, in respect of a financial year, indirect greenhouse gas emissions from electricity, 
steam and heat purchased or acquired by the Group within the Scope of Reporting, in respect of such financial year calculated in 
good faith by the Guarantor using the market-based method;  
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions” means, in respect of a financial year, indirect greenhouse gas emissions from non-
controlled sources of the Group within the Scope of Reporting, but which the Group may be able to influence, in respect of such 
financial year calculated in good faith by the Guarantor using the market-based method; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount” means, in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
(Mt CO2e), the sum of the: 
(i) 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 Emissions; and 
(ii) 
Vodafone GHG Scope 2 Emissions, 
in each case in respect of the relevant financial year and calculated in good faith by the Guarantor, reported by the Guarantor in 
accordance with Condition 15 and confirmed by the External Verifier; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount” means, in millions of metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (Mt CO2e), the 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions calculated in good faith by the Guarantor, reported by the Guarantor in accordance with 
Condition 15 and confirmed by the External Verifier; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline” means the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions 
Amount for the financial year specified in the applicable Final Terms, as initially reported in the ESG Addendum in respect of such 
financial year and, if applicable, recalculated in good faith by the Guarantor and published by the Guarantor in the latest ESG 
Addendum published in accordance with Condition 15;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Baseline” means the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount for the financial year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as initially reported in the ESG Addendum in respect of such financial year and, if 
applicable, recalculated in good faith by the Guarantor and published by the Guarantor in the latest ESG Addendum published in 
accordance with Condition 15; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Condition” means, in relation to each Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 
2 Emissions Reference Year, the condition that: (i) the Reporting Condition (as defined in Condition 15) has been satisfied; and 
(ii) the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of such Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Reference Year, as shown in the relevant ESG Addendum, is equal to or greater than the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 
and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold in respect of such Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year, and if the 
requirements of (i) and/or (ii) (above) are not met, the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Condition in respect of 
the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year shall be deemed not to have been satisfied; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Condition” means, in relation to each Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year, 
the condition that: (i) the Reporting Condition (as defined in Condition 15) has been satisfied; and (ii) the Vodafone GHG Scope 
3 Emissions Percentage in respect of such Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year, as shown in the relevant ESG 
Addendum, is equal to or greater than the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold in respect of such Vodafone GHG Scope 
3 Emissions Reference Year and if the requirements of (i) and/or (ii) (above) are not met, the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition in respect of the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year shall be deemed not to have been 
satisfied; 
a “Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if 
the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Condition in respect of any Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions 
Reference Year is not satisfied, provided no Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Event has previously occurred in 
respect of the Notes; 
a “Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event” (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs if the Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Condition in respect of any Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year is not satisfied, provided 
no Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Event has previously occurred in respect of the Notes; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any financial year, the percentage by 
which the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount for such financial year is a reduction in comparison to the 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Guarantor and published by it in 
accordance with Condition 15; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any financial year, the percentage by which the Vodafone 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount for such financial year is a reduction in comparison to the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions 
Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Guarantor and published by it in accordance with Condition 15; 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold” means the threshold(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 1 
and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year(s); 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold” means the threshold(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year(s);  
“Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year” means the financial year(s) of the Guarantor specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Reference Year(s); and 
“Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year” means the financial year(s) of the Guarantor specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Reference Year(s). 
5. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 5 is applicable only if the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes as Inflation Linked Interest Notes and/or 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes (together, the “Inflation Linked Notes”).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
(a) 
U.K. Retail Price Index 
Where RPI (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, Conditions 5(a) to 5(f) will apply. For 
purposes of Conditions 5(a) to 5(f), unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 5(c)(i)) the base index figure as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Agent” means the person appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor as calculation agent in relation to a Series of 
Inflation Linked Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms, and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed 
in respect of such Notes; 
“His Majesty’s Treasury” means His Majesty’s Treasury or any officially recognised party performing the function of a calculation 
agent (whatever such party’s title), on its or its successor’s behalf, in respect of the Reference Gilt; 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(i), the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPl) (for all items) published 
by the Office for National Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the U.K. Retail Price Index 
for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt (the “RPI”). Any reference to the Index 
Figure: 
(i) 
applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in Conditions 5(c) and 5(e), be construed as a reference to 
the Index Figure published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and relating to the month before that of 
publication; or  
(ii) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 5(c) and 5(e), be construed as 
a reference to the Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular month and relating to the month 
before that of publication; or  
(iii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 5(c) and 5(e), be calculated by linear 
interpolation between (x) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the month in which the day falls, 
calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the 
month following, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place; 
“Index Ratio” applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means the Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as 
the case may be, divided by the Base Index Figure and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place; 
“Limited Index Linked Notes” means Inflation Linked Notes to which a Maximum Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation 
Factor (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) applies; 
“Limited Index Ratio” means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may be, prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Index 
Ratio for that month or date, as the case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the relevant Issue Date, the 
product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as the case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously 
calculated in respect of the month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month, 
the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited Indexation Month; 
“Limited Indexation Date” means any date falling during the period specified in the applicable Final Terms for which a Limited 
Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, 
the ratio of the Index Figure applicable to that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the Index Figure applicable to the 
month or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum 
Indexation Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and 
(b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the applicable Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal 
to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
“Limited Indexation Month” means any month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is 
to be calculated; and

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 “Reference Gilt” means the index-linked Treasury Stock or Treasury Gilt specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for so 
long as such gilt is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked Treasury Stock or Treasury Gilt determined to be appropriate 
by a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the Guarantor (an “Indexation Adviser”). 
(b) 
Application of the Index Ratio 
Each payment of interest (in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and principal (in the case of Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes) in respect of the Notes shall be the amount provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Terms and Conditions, 
multiplied by the Index Ratio or Limited Index Ratio in the case of Limited Index Linked Notes applicable to the month or date, as 
the case may be, on which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with Condition 4(b)(v). 
(c) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the substitution of a new base therefor, 
then with effect from the month from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first date from and 
including that on which such substitution takes effect, as the case may be, (1) the definition of “Index” and “Index 
Figure” in Condition 5(a) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or month in substitution for January 1987 (or, as the 
case may be, to such other date or month as may have been substituted therefor), and (2) the new Base Index Figure 
shall be the product of the existing Base Index Figure and the Index Figure for the date on which such substitution takes 
effect, divided by the Index Figure for the date immediately preceding the date on which such substitution takes effect. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which 
is normally published in the seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the “relevant month”) before the 
month in which a payment is due to be made is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date 
on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index Figure applicable to the month in which the date for 
payment falls shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as the Trustee considers (acting solely on the advice of 
the Indexation Adviser) to have been published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, 
as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on 
any one or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by an Indexation Adviser (and approved by the Trustee 
(acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Adviser within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(i)) before the date for payment. 
(iii) 
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or (iii) of the definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index 
Figure relating to any month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into account for the purposes of 
the determination of the Index Figure for any date is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before the 
date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), the Index Figure applicable for the relevant calculation 
month shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as the Trustee considers (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Adviser) to have been published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, 
as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on 
any one or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by an Indexation Adviser (and approved by the Trustee 
(acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Adviser within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index figure last determined 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(i)) before the date for payment. 
(d) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(ii) or Condition 5(c)(iii) apply, the determination of the Indexation Adviser as to the Index 
Figure applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be conclusive 
and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(iii)(2), the Index Figure 
relating to the relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case may be, is subsequently published while a Note is still 
outstanding, then: 
(i) 
in relation to a payment of interest (in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and/or principal (in the case of Inflation 
Linked Redemption Notes) in respect of such Note other than upon final redemption of such Note, the interest and/or 
principal  (as the case may be) next payable after the date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, 
as the case may be, by an amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case may be, of the amount of the relevant 
payment made on the basis of the Index Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 5(c)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(iii)(2) below

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
or above the amount of the relevant payment that would have been due if the Index Figure subsequently published had 
been published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) 
in relation to a payment of interest (in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and/or principal (in the case of Inflation 
Linked Redemption Notes) upon final redemption, no subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(e) 
Material Changes or Cessation of the Index 
 
(i) 
Material changes to the Index: If notice is published by His Majesty’s Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change to 
the coverage or the basic calculation of the Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make any such adjustments to the 
Index consistent with any adjustments made to the Index as applied to the Reference Gilt.   
(ii) 
Cessation of the Index: If the Trustee, the Issuer and the Guarantor have been notified by the Calculation Agent that 
the Index has ceased to be published, or if His Majesty’s Treasury, or a person acting on its behalf, announces that it 
will no longer continue to publish the Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of 
any previously applicable index (the “Successor Index”) by using the following methodology:  
(a) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated by His Majesty’s Treasury in respect of the Reference 
Gilt, such successor index shall be designated the “Successor Index” for the purposes of all subsequent 
Interest Payment Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been determined 
under paragraphs (b) or (c) below; or  
(b) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (a) above, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) together shall seek to agree for the purpose of 
the Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the 
intention that the same should leave the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Noteholders in no better and no worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published; or 
(c) 
if the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) fail to reach 
agreement as mentioned above within 20 business days following the giving of notice as mentioned in 
paragraph (ii), a bank or other person in London shall be appointed by the Guarantor and the Trustee or, failing 
agreement on and the making of such appointment within 20 business days following the expiry of the 20 
business day period referred to above, by the Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) 
(in each case, such bank or other person so appointed being referred to as the “Expert”), to determine for the 
purpose of the Notes one or more adjustments to the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) 
with the intention that the same should leave the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Noteholders in no better and 
no worse position than they would have been had the Index not ceased to be published. Any Expert so 
appointed shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator and all fees, costs and expenses of the Expert and 
of any Indexation Adviser and of any of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee in connection with such 
appointment shall be borne by the Guarantor. 
(iii) 
Adjustment or replacement: The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index pursuant to the foregoing 
paragraphs, as the case may be, and references in these Terms and Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure 
shall be deemed amended in such manner as the Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser), the 
Issuer and the Guarantor agree are appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such amendments 
shall be effective from the date of such notification and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders, and the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of such amendments 
as promptly as practicable following such notification or adjustment. 
(f) 
Redemption for Index Reasons 
If either (i) the Index Figure for three consecutive months is required to be determined on the basis of an Index Figure previously 
published as provided in Condition 5(c)(ii)(2) and the Trustee has been notified by the Calculation Agent that publication of the 
Index has ceased or (ii) notice is published by His Majesty’s Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change in relation to the Index, 
offering a right of redemption to the holders of the Reference Gilt, and (in either case) no amendment or substitution of the Index 
shall have been designated by His Majesty’s Treasury in respect of the Reference Gilt and such circumstances are continuing, 
the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption (in each case adjusted in accordance with Condition 5(b)).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
(g) 
HICP 
Where HICP (as defined below) is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, the Conditions 5(g) to 5(j) will apply.  For 
purposes of Conditions 5(g) to 5(j), unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Base Index Level” means the base index level as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Agent” means the person appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor as calculation agent in relation to a Series of 
Inflation Linked Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms, and shall include any successor calculation agent appointed 
in respect of such Notes; 
“Index” or “Index Level” means (subject as provided in Condition 5(i)) the non-revised Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices 
excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index (as defined in Condition 5(i)(ii)), measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union excluding tobacco, expressed as an index and published by Eurostat (the “HICP”). The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a calculation month (as defined in Condition 5(i)(i)(A)) shall be final and conclusive and 
later revisions to the level for such calculation month will not be used in any calculations. Any reference to the Index Level which 
is specified in these Terms and Conditions as applicable to any day (“d”) in any month (“m”) shall, subject as provided in Condition 
5(i), be calculated as follows: 
𝐼𝑑= 𝐻𝐼𝐶𝑃𝑚−3 + 𝑛𝑏𝑑
𝑞𝑚
x(𝐻𝐼𝐶𝑃𝑚−2 −𝐻𝐼𝐶𝑃𝑚−3) 
where: 
“Id” is the Index Level for the day d 
“HICP” m-2 is the level of HICP for month m-2 
“HICP” m-3 is the level of HICP for month m-3 
“nbd” is the actual number of days from and excluding the first day of month m to but including day d; 
and 
“qm” is the actual number of days in month m, 
provided that if Condition 5(i) applies, the Index Level shall be the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with such 
Condition. 
“Index Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating; 
“Index Determination Date” means in respect of any date for which the Index Level is required to be determined, the fifth Index 
Business Day prior to such date; 
“Index Ratio” applicable to any date means the Index Level applicable to the relevant Index Determination Date divided by the 
Base Index Level and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place, 0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
“Related Instrument” means an inflation-linked bond selected by the Calculation Agent that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union with a maturity date which falls 
on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date or (b) the next longest maturity date after the Maturity Date or the next shortest maturity 
for the Maturity Date at its sole discretion, if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date. The Calculation Agent will select 
the Related Instrument from such of those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the relevant Issue Date and, if there is more 
than one such inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Related Instrument shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from such bonds at its sole discretion.  If the Related Instrument is redeemed the Calculation Agent will select a new Related 
Instrument on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the originally selected Related Instrument 
is redeemed (including any bond for which the redeemed originally selected Related Instrument is exchanged).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
(h) 
Application of the Index Ratio 
Each payment of interest (in the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes) and principal (in the case of Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes) in respect of the Notes shall be the amount provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Terms and Conditions, 
multiplied by the Index Ratio applicable to the date on which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(v). 
(i) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) 
Delay in publication of Index 
(A) 
If the Index Level relating to any month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into account 
for the purposes of the determination of the Index Level for any date (the “Relevant Level”) has not been 
published or announced by the day that is five Business Days before the date on which such payment is due 
(the “Affected Payment Date”), the Calculation Agent shall determine a Substitute Index Level (as defined 
below) (in place of such Relevant Level) by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the “Substitute Index 
Level” for the Affected Payment Date as that taken by the calculation agent (or any other party 
performing the function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Instrument; 
(2) 
if (1) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for the Affected Payment Date for any reason, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level as follows: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level)  
Where: 
“Base Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or announced 
by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) in respect of the month which is 12 
calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
“Latest Level” means the latest level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or 
announced by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) prior to the month in 
respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; and 
“Reference Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or 
announced by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) in respect of the month 
that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in “Latest Level” above. 
(B) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the 
next Interest Payment Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Index 
Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 5(i) will be the definitive level for that calculation month. 
(ii) 
Cessation of publication: If the Index Level has not been published or announced for two consecutive months or Eurostat 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
successor index in lieu of any previously applicable Index (the “Successor Index”) by using the following methodology: 
(A) 
if at any time (other than after an Early Termination Event (as defined below) has been designated by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (E) below) a successor index has been designated by the calculation 
agent (or any other party performing the function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument, such successor index shall be designated the 
“Successor Index” for the purposes of all subsequent Interest Payment Dates, notwithstanding that any other 
Successor Index may previously have been determined under paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) below; or 
(B) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (A) above (and there has been no designation 
of an Early Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (E) below), and a notice has been given or an 
announcement has been made by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) specifying 
that the Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by Eurostat (or any such successor), and 
the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Index from the date that such replacement index comes into effect; or 
(C) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (A) or (B) above (and there has been no 
designation of an Early Termination Event pursuant to paragraph (E) below), the Calculation Agent shall ask 
five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If four or five 
responses are received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state 
the same index, this index will be deemed the “Successor Index”. If three responses are received, and two or 
more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the “Successor Index”. If 
fewer than three responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (D) below; or 
(D) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (A), (B) or (C) above on or before the fifth Index 
Business Day prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index for such Affected Payment Date, and such index will be deemed the “Successor Index”; or 
(E) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the Guarantor shall, in 
conjunction with the Calculation Agent, determine in good faith an appropriate alternative index. If the 
Guarantor, in conjunction with the Calculation Agent, does not decide on an appropriate alternative index 
within a period of ten Business Days, then an “Early Termination Event” will be deemed to have occurred 
and the Issuer will redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(j). 
(iii) 
Rebasing of the Index: If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for the purposes of determining each relevant Index Level from 
the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of a calculation agent (whatever such party’s title)) 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any 
prior payments made. 
(iv) 
Material Modification Prior to Interest Payment Date: If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days before an 
Interest Payment Date, Eurostat announces that it will make a material change to the Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments to the Index consistent with adjustments made to the Related Instrument. 
(v) 
Manifest Error in Publication: If, within thirty days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that Eurostat (or any 
successor entity which publishes such index) has corrected the level of the Index to remedy a manifest error in its 
original publication, the Calculation Agent will notify the parties of (A) that correction, (B) the amount that is payable, in 
respect of interest payments falling after such correction, as a result of that correction and (C) take such other action as 
it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction. 
(j) 
Redemption for Index Reasons  
If an Early Termination Event as described under Condition 5(i)(ii)(E) is deemed to have occurred, the Issuer will, upon giving not 
more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption (in each 
case adjusted in accordance with Condition 5(h)). 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a 
non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively);

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or to any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a 
bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Bearer Notes will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in bearer form (other than Fixed Rate Notes which specify Interest Payment Date Adjustment as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Sustainability-Linked Notes which specify Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Inflation Linked Notes) should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Rate Note which specifies Interest Payment Date Adjustment as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Sustainability-Linked Note which specifies Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Interest) 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, CMS Linked Note or Inflation Linked Interest Note in bearer form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect 
of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date 
shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in the sub-
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register on the Record Date. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee 
for, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) and denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made 
or procured to be made by transfer by the Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent 
on behalf of DTC or its nominee in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified Currency 
payable by the Registrar or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received 
from the Issuer by the Registrar who will make payments in such Specified Currency by wire transfer of same day funds to 
the designated bank account in such Specified Currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment 
who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to the third DTC Business Day 
after the Record Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments of principal, at least 12 DTC Business 
Days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such Specified Currency. The Registrar, after the 
Exchange Agent has converted amounts in such Specified Currency into U.S. dollars, will deliver such U.S. dollar amount 
in same day funds to DTC for payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to receive the 
relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such Specified Currency. The Agency Agreement sets out 
the manner in which such conversions are to be made. For the purposes of this Condition 6(c), “DTC Business Day” means 
any day on which DTC is open for business. 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note or a Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of 
the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is 
payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices 
outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest 
in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Guarantor, adverse tax 
consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively), 
(2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (3) in relation to any sum payable

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in Hong Kong are generally open for business and settlement for Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or under any undertakings given 
in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7(g)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the 
Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, if applicable, any Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s)). 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 or any undertakings given in addition thereto 
or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(g) 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If Renminbi Currency Event is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency Event (as defined 
below) occurs, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, on giving not less than five nor more than thirty days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders and the Trustee prior to any due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its 
respective obligations in respect of such payment (in whole or in part) by making such payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the 
Spot Rate for the relevant Determination Date as promptly notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Paying Agents 
by the Calculation Agent. 
In such event, any payment of U.S. dollars will be made by transfer to a U.S. dollar denominated account maintained by the payee 
with, or by a U.S. dollar denominated cheque drawn on, a bank in New York City and the definition of “Payment Day” in Condition 
6(e) shall mean any day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: (A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, 
the relevant place of presentation; and (B) London and New York City. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, London and New York City; 
“Determination Date” means the day which is three Determination Business Days before the due date of the relevant payment 
under the Notes; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, 
administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial 
markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
“Local Time” means the time of day in the jurisdiction in which the Calculation Agent, appointed in connection with the Notes, is 
located; 
“Renminbi Currency Event” means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability and Renminbi Inconvertibility;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Guarantor; 
“Renminbi Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or in part) in respect 
of the Notes, as determined by the Guarantor acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation 
with two Renminbi Dealers; 
“Renminbi Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any amount 
due in respect of the Notes into Renminbi in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its or their (as the case may 
be) control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Renminbi Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer Renminbi 
between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where 
the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its or their (as the 
case may be) control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
“Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in three Determination Business Days, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Determination Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determine the Spot 
Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Determination Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing 
rate for settlement in two Determination Business Days reported by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, 
which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page 
so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that 
page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Spot Rate, the Trustee shall, 
at the expense of the Guarantor, appoint an expert to determine the Spot Rate in such manner as, in its absolute discretion 
(having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances and each such determination shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(g), whether by the Calculation Agent or an expert appointed by the 
Trustee, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
or such expert in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it if its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provision. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its 
Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note, a CMS Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note, a CMS Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay Additional Amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 8 or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such Additional Amounts, in each case as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) (or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures 
available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor would be required to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the 
Guarantor stating that the requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above will apply on the occasion of the next payment due 
in respect of the Notes and cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures 
available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the relevant certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this paragraph, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance 
with the provisions of this paragraph. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (e) 
below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) and, having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice prior to the relevant date fixed for 
redemption falling within the Issuer Call Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent and the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the relevant Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a Higher Redemption Amount. The relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
will be either, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) if Make Whole Redemption Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applying to one or more Optional Redemption Dates, the relevant Make Whole Redemption Price or (B) if Par Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to one or more Optional Redemption Dates, the specified amount per 
Calculation Amount stated in the applicable Final Terms together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(A) 
if Spens Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (y) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied 
by the price, as reported to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield 
on such Notes on the Reference Date (assuming for this purpose that the Notes are redeemed on the Maturity Date (or, 
if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on the Par Redemption Date)) is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of 
the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(B) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (y) the sum of the present values of (i) the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed, (ii) the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued 
to the date of redemption) and (iii) if Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event (Premium) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and one or more relevant Sustainability-Linked Trigger Events has or have occurred, the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Amount(s). Such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of 
an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 10 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
In these Terms and Conditions:  
“DA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes (assuming, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, redemption on such Par Redemption Date), that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by the Guarantor after 
consultation with the Trustee; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in 
the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; 
"Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 1998, as 
amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up 
(if necessary) to four decimal places); 
“Par Redemption Date” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Quotation Time” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of the Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-annual 
yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price 
for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Guarantor, or their affiliates, which are (A) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer and any 
date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest on such 
Note for the remaining term of such Note (or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par 
Redemption Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which 
such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Redemption following a Change of Control 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time while any of the Notes remain 
outstanding, a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, then the holder of each such Note will have the option (a 
“Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) 
the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Conditions 7(b) or 7(c) above) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Put Period (as 
defined below) (such date or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, the “Put Date”) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal 
to) interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the United Kingdom’s City Code on Takeovers and Mergers), 
other than a holding company (as defined in Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended) whose shareholders 
are or are to be substantially similar to the pre-existing shareholders of the Guarantor, shall become interested (within the 
meaning of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended) in (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted ordinary 
share capital of the Guarantor or (B) shares in the capital of the Guarantor carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Guarantor (each such event, a “Change of Control”); provided that, 
no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if the event which would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control 
occurs or is carried out for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(ii) 
the long-term debt of the Guarantor has been assigned:  
(A) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or better) (an “Investment Grade 
Rating”), by any Rating Agency at the invitation of the Guarantor; or  
(B) 
where there is no rating from any Rating Agency assigned at the invitation of the Guarantor, an Investment Grade 
Rating by any Rating Agency of its own volition,  
 
and;  
(x) 
such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, 
or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn and is not, within the 
Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated 
to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; and 
(y) 
there remains no other Investment Grade Rating of the long-term debt of the Guarantor from any other Rating Agency; 
and 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw an Investment Grade Rating pursuant to paragraph (ii) above, the relevant 
Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Guarantor or the Trustee that such decision(s) resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
Further, if at the time of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control the long-term debt of the Guarantor is not assigned an 
Investment Grade Rating by any Rating Agency, a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control alone.  
Promptly upon the Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer or,  as 
the case may be, the Guarantor shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the Trustee may, and if so 
requested by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control 
Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of the Note must (in the case of Bearer Notes) deposit such Note with 
any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) deposit the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, in each case at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, Registrar or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, falling within the period (the “Put Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice is given or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent, Registrar or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be (a “Change of Control Put Notice”). No Note or Certificate so deposited and option so 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. The Issuer 
shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the Put Date unless previously redeemed (or 
purchased) and cancelled. 
If 80 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to this 
Condition 7(d), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being 
given within 30 days after the Put Date), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of 
the remaining outstanding Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
If the rating designations employed by either Moody’s or S&P are changed from those which are described in paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Guarantor shall 
determine, with the agreement of the Trustee, the rating designations of Moody’s or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as 
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s or S&P and the definition of “Change of Control 
Put Event” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or any event which 
could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, and, until 
it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of 
Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing upon a Change of Control and ending 90 days after the Change of 
Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly 
within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public 
announcement of such consideration); and 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) or any 
of their respective affiliates or successors or any rating agency (a “Substitute Rating Agency”) substituted for any of them by 
the Guarantor from time to time with the prior written approval of the Trustee. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 notice within the Investor Put Period the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise this option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons) 
with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise (a “Put Notice” in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as 
applicable) within the notice period and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made 
by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
(f) 
Clean-Up redemption at the option of the Issuer

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
If Clean-Up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Clean-Up Call Threshold Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued  (and, for these purposes, any 
further securities issued pursuant to Condition 17 will be deemed to have been originally issued) have been redeemed and/or 
purchased (except, if applicable, for the Notes redeemed at the Make Whole Redemption Price), then the Issuer may, at its option 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders), and having given not less than 10 and no more than 60 
days’ notice to the Trustee and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all but not some only of the Notes on, 
or at any time after, the Clean-Up Call Optional Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
such redemption. 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated 
as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RPx (1+AY)y 
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. 
The Issuer will purchase (or procure the purchase of) any Retained Notes on the Issue Date. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes (other than Retained Notes) which are (a) redeemed or (b) purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled (together with all Certificates or unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption) and accordingly may not be reissued or resold. Any Notes which are purchased by or on behalf of the Guarantor 
or any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer) may, at the option of the purchaser, be held or resold or surrendered 
to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
The Issuer may cancel (or procure the cancellation of) any Retained Notes held by it or on its behalf at any time. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), 
(b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph f(ii) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been 
received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding 
or deduction for any present or future taxes, assessments or other governmental charges (“Taxes”) levied by or on behalf of the 
Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation, the Issuer’s jurisdiction of tax residence or the Guarantor’s jurisdiction of incorporation (each 
a “Relevant Jurisdiction”) (or, in each case, any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein), unless the withholding 
or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional 
amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary in order that the net amount paid to each holder of any Note or Coupon 
who, with respect to any such Tax is not resident in the Relevant Jurisdiction, after such withholding or deduction shall be not less 
than the respective amount to which such holder would have been entitled in respect of such Note or Coupon, as the case may 
be, in the absence of the withholding or deduction; provided however that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be required 
to pay any Additional Amounts (i) for or on account of any such Tax imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein) or (ii) for or on account of: 
(a) 
any Tax which would not have been imposed but for (i) the existence of any present or former connection between a 
holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, such holder, 
if such holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
territory or possession thereof or area subject to its jurisdiction, including, without limitation, such holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or 
being or having been present or engaged in trade or business therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (ii) the presentation of such Note or Coupon (x) for payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date (as defined below) or (y) in the Relevant Jurisdiction; 
(b) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(c) 
any Tax which is payable otherwise than by withholding or deduction from payments of (or in respect of) principal of, or 
any interest on, such Note or Coupon; 
(d) 
any Tax that is imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the holder or any beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon 
to comply with a request of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor given to the holder in accordance with 
Condition 14 (i) to provide information concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the holder or any beneficial 
owner or (ii) to make any declaration or other similar claim or complete any form or satisfy any information or reporting 
requirements, which, in the case of (i) or (ii), is required or imposed by a statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of the Relevant Jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from all or part of such Tax; or 
(e) 
any combination of items (a), (b), (c) and (d) above, 
nor shall the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor be required to pay any Additional Amounts with respect to any payment 
of the principal of, or any interest on, any Note or Coupon to any holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such payment would be required by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction (or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) to be included in the income for tax purposes of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner which would not have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts had it been the holder of such Note or Coupon. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (and any such withholding or deduction, a 
“FATCA Withholding”). None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other person will be required to pay any Additional Amounts 
in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used herein: 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been duly received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14; and 
“United States” means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless a claim for payment is made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(b)). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of 
which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(A) 
Events of Default 
The Trustee in its sole and absolute discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Notes (excluding Retained Notes) then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at 
their Early Redemption Amount as referred to in Condition 7(g) together (if applicable) with accrued interest as provided in the 
Trust Deed, in any of the following events (each such event, together where applicable with the certification by the Trustee as 
described below, an “Event of Default”): 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or any interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the 
default continues for a period of 14 days in the case of a payment of principal or 21 days in the case of a payment of 
interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Terms and Conditions 
or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where the Trustee considers the failure to be incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
(or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes due and repayable prematurely by 
reason of an event of default (however described) or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to make any payment in respect 
of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period) or any security given by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes 
enforceable by reason of default in relation thereto and steps are taken to enforce such security or if default is made by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity (at the expiry of any 
originally applicable grace period) given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, 
provided that no event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money or other relative 
liability either alone or when aggregated with other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money and/or other liabilities relative to

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
all (if any) other events which shall have occurred equals or exceeds £150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, save for the purposes of a reorganisation on terms approved in writing by the Trustee; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor stops payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its 
debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of section 509(3) or 570 of the Irish 
Companies Act 2014 or section 123(1)(e) or (2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (whichever is applicable)), or is adjudicated 
or found bankrupt or insolvent or shall enter into any composition or other similar arrangements with its creditors under 
Parts 10 or 11 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 or under section 1 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (as applicable); or 
(f) 
if (i) an administrative or other receiver, manager, examiner, administrator or other similar official is appointed in relation 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor, or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking 
or assets of it, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
it, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of it and (ii) in any case (other than the appointment 
of an administrator) is not discharged, removed or paid within 45 days; or 
(g) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect; or 
(h) 
if the Issuer ceases to be a Subsidiary which is wholly-owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; 
PROVIDED, in the case of any event described above other than those described in paragraphs (a), (d) and (h) above, the Trustee 
shall have certified in writing to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition, “Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of 
any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock or loan stock. 
(B) 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any 
such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (i) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the relevant Noteholders or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
quarter in nominal amount of the relevant Notes then outstanding (excluding any Retained Notes), and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable so to do within 60 days and the failure or 
inability shall be continuing. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the 
case of Certificates) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer or the Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agents 
The name of the initial Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and its initial specified office are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, and to appoint any other Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and/or appoint

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents or another Registrar and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any such agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be an Issuing and Principal Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Registrar and a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes; 
(iii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(iv) 
if and so long as payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons would be subject to a withholding or deduction for Taxes 
levied by or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) if the Notes 
and Coupons were presented in the Relevant Jurisdiction, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
a city approved by the Trustee outside the Relevant Jurisdiction. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6(d). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and, in certain limited circumstances, of the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent or Registrar or Transfer Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent, 
registrar or transfer agent, as the case may be. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) 
forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or any 
other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or bank holiday) after the date of mailing. 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the United Kingdom. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in 
definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15. 
Available Information 
This Condition 15 only applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
In respect of each financial year of the Guarantor, beginning with the financial year in which the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes falls, the Guarantor will publish on its website, as applicable: (i) the Customer GHG Savings Amount, the Female 
Management and Senior Leadership Amount, the M-Pesa Customers Amount, the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 
Emissions Amount, the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount, the Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Baseline 
and/or the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Baseline for the relevant financial year, as indicated in the ESG addendum officially 
publish by the Guarantor in relation to its annual report (the “ESG Addendum”); and (ii) an independent limited assurance report 
or reports issued by the relevant External Verifier(s) (the “Assurance Report”) in respect of, among others, where applicable, the 
Customer GHG Savings Amount, the Female Management and Senior Leadership Amount, the M-Pesa Customers Amount, the 
Vodafone GHG Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions Amount and the Vodafone GHG Scope 3 Emissions Amount which may form 
part of the ESG Addendum (the publication of such ESG Addendum and Assurance Report on or before the Sustainability-Linked 
Trigger Event Notification Deadline, together the “Reporting Condition”). The ESG Addendum and the Assurance Report will be 
published concurrently with the publication of the independent auditor’s report on the Guarantor’s annual report and may form 
part of such annual report, and will have the same reference date as the relevant independent auditor’s report provided that to 
the extent the Guarantor reasonably determines that additional time is required to complete the ESG Addendum and the 
Assurance Report, then the ESG Addendum and the Assurance Report may be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but 
in no event later than the Sustainability-Linked Trigger Event Notification Deadline. 
16. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modification, Authorisation, Waiver, Determination and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (which may be held at a physical location, or via 
an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or by a combination of such methods) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented. The Trust Deed provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not they voted on (or voted in favour 
of) the relevant Extraordinary Resolution, and on all and Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modification, Authorisation, Waiver, Determination, Substitution etc. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed 
or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such, which in any such case is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in using its reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(H) without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, without limitation, any 
modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Noteholders as a class but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-
division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 and/or 
any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and 
under the Trust Deed of (i) a Successor in Business (as defined in the Trust Deed) to the Issuer or (ii) the Guarantor or a Successor 
in Business to the Guarantor or (iii) any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor, in each case subject to the Trustee being satisfied that 
the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby (provided that in determining such material prejudice the 
Trustee shall not take into account any prejudice to the interests of the Noteholders as a result of such substituted company not 
being required pursuant to proviso (i) to Condition 8 to pay any Additional Amounts for or on account of any Taxes imposed by 
the United States of America or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) and certain other conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the Guarantor to the substitution in place 
of the Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as guarantor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and 
under the Trust Deed of either (i) a Successor in Business (as defined in the Trust Deed) to the Guarantor or (ii) a Holding 
Company of the Guarantor or (iii) a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, in each case subject to the Trustee being satisfied that the 
interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby (provided that in determining such material prejudice the 
Trustee shall not take into account any prejudice to the interests of the Noteholders as a result of such substituted company not 
being required pursuant to proviso (i) to Condition 8 to pay any Additional Amounts for or on account of any Taxes imposed by 
the United States of America or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) and certain other conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed being complied with.  
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting each of the Issuer and the Guarantor to consolidate with or merge into any other 
person (including, without limitation, the Issuer consolidating with or merging into the Guarantor) or convey, transfer or lease its 
respective properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any person provided that (i) in the case of a consolidation or 
merger (except where the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor is the continuing entity but other than where the Issuer 
merges into the Guarantor) such person agrees to be bound by the terms of the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed as 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer or, as the case may be, as guarantor in place of the Guarantor; (ii) in the case of a 
conveyance, transfer or lease, such person guarantees the obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed are complied with. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, any such modification or substitution shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the purposes of this Condition “Holding Company” means, in relation to a person, an entity of which that person is a 
Subsidiary. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of notes of other Series in 
certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
18. 
Indemnification of the Trustee and its Contracting with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions 
relieving it from taking action unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (i) to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other 
securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries, (ii) to 
exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, 
as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
Couponholders, and (iii) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby 
or in connection therewith. 
19. 
Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Notes, 
but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law  
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them, 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The Agency Agreement is governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
(i) 
Subject to Condition 20(b)(iii) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or 
in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, and/or the Coupons (a 
“Dispute”) and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19(b), the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent  
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the Guarantor at Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN as its agent 
for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of the 
Guarantor being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an 
agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
either: 
(a)           for general corporate purposes; 
(b)           where “Green Eligible Projects” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
 
Green Eligible Projects (as defined below);  
(c)          where “Social Eligible Projects” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
 
Social Eligible Projects (as defined below); or 
(d)          where “Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, exclusively to finance or 
 
refinance, in whole or in part, a combination of Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects (each as defined below). 
The estimated net amount of proceeds of each tranche of Notes will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
According to the definition criteria set out by the Green Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes exclusively financing or refinancing Green 
Eligible Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated “Green Bonds”. According to the definition criteria set out by the Social 
Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes exclusively financing or refinancing Social Eligible Projects (above mentioned at (c)) will be 
denominated “Social Bonds”. According to the definition criteria set out by the Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of Notes 
exclusively financing or refinancing a combination of both Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects (above mentioned at (d)) will 
be denominated “Sustainability Bonds”.  
“Green Eligible Projects” means projects within the following eligible categories: (i) energy efficiency; (ii) onsite renewable energy; (iii) 
green buildings; and (iv) circular economy.  
“Social Eligible Projects” means projects within the following eligible categories: (i) access to essential services; (ii) socioeconomic 
advancement and empowerment; and (iii) employment generation.  
Green Eligible Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Guarantor in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for Green Eligible Projects set out in the Green Bond Principles, and are further described in the Sustainable and Sustainability 
Linked Finance Framework published on Vodafone’s website at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/sustainable-financing and 
as updated from time to time. Social Eligible Projects have been (or will be, as the case may be) selected by the Guarantor in accordance 
with the broad categorisation of eligibility for Social Eligible Projects set out in the Social Bond Principles, and are further described in the 
Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework published on Vodafone’s website at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-
investors/sustainable-financing and as updated from time to time. In connection with the issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds, and 
Sustainability Bonds, Sustainalytics UK Limited (an independent provider of environmental, social and governance research, ratings, and 
analysis), has evaluated the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework and has issued an independent opinion confirming 
that the Green Eligible Projects and Social Eligible Projects described in the Green Bond Framework are aligned with the Green Bond 
Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines, respectively. Sustainalytics’s independent opinion is also 
available for viewing at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/sustainable-financing. 
The Guarantor will report annually on the allocation of the net proceeds to the relevant Green Eligible Project(s) for each Green Bond that 
is issued, the relevant Social Eligible Project(s) for each Social Bond that is issued, and the relevant Green Eligible Project(s) and/or Social 
Eligible Project(s) for each Sustainability Bond that is issued. The Guarantor will initially report within one year following the issuance of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and thereafter annually up until full allocation of the net proceeds of such Notes. Such reports will be published 
(and updated in accordance with the foregoing sentence) once available at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/sustainable-
financing.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Eligible Projects and/or Social Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See further information under the risk factor above headed, “Risk Factors - Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets or social assets”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Sustainable and Sustainability Linked Finance Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
Description of the Issuer 
 
Vodafone International Financing DAC (the “Issuer”) is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. It was incorporated and 
registered in Ireland on 22 June 2020 under the Irish Companies Act as a designated activity company, limited by shares. The registered 
office of the Issuer is 2nd Floor, Palmerston House, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 and its telephone number is +44 (0) 1635 33251. The Issuer’s 
place of business in the United Kingdom is at 1 Kingdom St, London W2 6BY. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. The Issuer is a group 
financing company and does not propose to engage in any activity other than issuing Notes and raising finance for the Guarantor and its 
Group. 
 
The Issuer’s COMI is located in the United Kingdom, and the Issuer is tax resident in the United Kingdom. 
The issued and fully paid up capital of the Issuer is €1 comprising one share of €1 which is held by Vodafone Finance Limited. Vodafone 
Finance Limited is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. The rights of Vodafone Finance Limited as the shareholder in the 
Issuer are contained in the Issuer’s Constitution. The Issuer is managed in accordance with its Constitution and with applicable provisions 
of Irish and English law. 
 
The primary purpose of the Issuer is to raise capital to finance the operations of members of the Group. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are:  
Name 
 
Function 
 
Business Address 
Lisa Coomber 
 
Director 
 
1 Kingdom St, London W2 6BY 
Jonathan Mitchell 
 
Director 
 
1 Kingdom St, London W2 6BY 
Jonathan Webster 
 
Director 
 
2nd Floor, Palmerston House, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 
Máiréad Lyons 
 
Director 
 
2nd Floor, Palmerston House, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 
Charles Croft 
 
Director 
 
1 Kingdom St, London W2 6BY 
 
The Company Secretary of the Issuer is Cafico Secretaries Limited.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties owed by any member of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer to the Issuer and his or her private interests or other duties. If a potential conflict arises in the future, it would be 
subject to the provisions of the constitution of the Issuer relating to proceedings at meetings of the Board of Directors. 
The fiscal year of the Issuer begins on 1 April and terminates on 31 March of each year.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
Description of the Guarantor 
Background 
 
Vodafone Group Plc (the “Guarantor” or “Vodafone”) was incorporated as a private limited company on 17 July 1984 under the laws of 
England and Wales with registration number 1833679 and re-registered as a public limited company on 14 September 1988. The registered 
office of the Guarantor is at Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN, its telephone number is +44 (0) 1635 33251 
and its website is https://www.vodafone.com. The Guarantor and its subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and 
investments are collectively referred to as the “Group”. 
 
The Guarantor is, directly or indirectly, the ultimate holding company of all the companies in the Group and its assets are substantially 
comprised of shares in such companies. It does not conduct any other business and is accordingly dependent on the other members of the 
Group and revenues received from them. 
 
The Guarantor had a market capitalisation of approximately £19 billion as at 31 March 2024. 
Principal Activities 
Vodafone is a leading European and African telecoms company. Vodafone provides mobile and fixed services to over 310 million customers 
in 15 countries, partners with mobile networks in 43 more and has one of the world’s largest Internet of Things (IoT) platforms. In Africa, 
Vodafone’s financial technology businesses serve more than 76 million customers across eight countries – managing more transactions 
than any other provider. 
Vodafone’s purpose is to connect for a better future by using technology to improve lives, businesses and help progress inclusive 
sustainable societies. Vodafone is committed to reducing its environmental impact to reach net zero emissions by 2040. 
Strategy 
 
In May 2023, the Group set out a new roadmap to transform Vodafone along three strategic priorities: Customers; Simplicity; and Growth. 
The Group measures its operational progress in these areas through a consistent scorecard summarised below. During the financial year 
ended 31 March 2024, the Group reshaped its European footprint to focus on growing markets, with strong positions and good local scale. 
Alongside the progress to right-size its portfolio for growth, the Group has made good early progress with its operational transformation, 
which aims to improve the experience provided to the Group’s customers, remove complexity from the Group’s operations and accelerate 
growth in revenue, profit, cash flow and return on capital. 
Customers 
 
• 
Wide-reaching customer experience transformation underway, supported by reallocated investment of €140 million in the financial 
year ended 31 March 2024, as well as new incentives and talent development plans. 
• 
Customer insights processed through real-time artificial intelligence (AI) models, feeding into detailed action plans on a weekly 
basis in all markets. 
• 
Frontline tools and process enhancements benefitting 70,000 team members. 
• 
Significant improvement in Germany’s fixed network reliability, recognised in four independent network quality tests. 
• 
Despite material price inflation, customer detractors have reduced across all segments, and the Group now has leading or co-
leading net promotor scores in 5 out of 9 European markets. 
Simplicity 
 
• 
New organisational structure and executive management team in place. 
• 
Completed first phase of commercialising shared operations, enabling greater transparency, productivity and flexibility. 
• 
Actioned 5,000 role reductions and announced a further 2,000 in first year of 3-year 11,000 plan and continued to deliver operating 
expenses efficiencies. 
Growth 
 
• 
Reshaped European footprint focused on growing telecommunications markets, with strong positions and good local scale.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
• 
Vodafone now growing in all segments. 
• 
Accelerated organic service revenue growth of Vodafone Business to 5.4 per cent. in the fourth financial quarter of the financial 
year ended 31 March 2024; business to business (B2B) focus step-up with new organisation, sales transformation plan, 
investment in products and capabilities and strategic partnership with Microsoft. 
 
More remains to be done across all these areas in the financial year ending 31 March 2025. The Group’s priorities for the year ahead 
include: stepping-up its operational performance in Germany; further strengthening its capabilities in Vodafone Business; completing the 
commercialisation of its shared operations; and completing its in-flight portfolio transformation. 
Sale of Vodafone Italy and Capital Return 
 
On 15 March 2024, the Group announced that it had entered into a binding agreement to sell 100 per cent. of its Italian operations 
(“Vodafone Italy”) to Swisscom AG for €8 billion upfront cash proceeds (subject to customary closing adjustments). Completion is expected 
to take place during the first half of the 2025 calendar year, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. The relevant announcement can 
be found here:  https://www.londonstockexchange.com/news-article/VOD/sale-of-vodafone-italy-and-capital-return/16378933. However, 
any information on, or accessible through, this website is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the announcement in relation to the sale of Vodafone Italy, the Group has updated its financial reporting to recognise that the 
results of Vodafone Italy are discontinued operations in the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024. See Note 7 “Discontinued operations and assets held for sale” in the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 for more information. The audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
See the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for further information. 
Sale of Vodafone Spain 
On 31 October 2023, the Group announced that it entered into binding agreements with Zegona Communications plc (“Zegona”) in relation 
to the sale of 100 per cent. of Vodafone Holdings Europe, S.L.U. (“Vodafone Spain”). 
On 14 May 2024, the Group announced the sale of Vodafone Spain to Zegona had received final approval from the Spanish authorities.  
In the same announcement, the Group announced its intention to commence a €500 million share buyback programme, which began on 
15 May 2024, and forms part of the Group’s intention to return €2.0 billion over 12 months. 
On 31 May 2024, the Group announced the completion of the sale of Vodafone Spain to Zegona.  
Consideration paid to the Guarantor comprised of c. €4.1 billion in cash (subject to customary completion adjustments) and €0.9 billion in 
the form of redeemable preference shares issued to the Guarantor, which are expected to be redeemed, for an amount comprising the 
subscription price and accrued preferential dividend, no later than 6 years after completion. The Guarantor and Zegona have entered into 
an agreement whereby the Guarantor will provide certain services to Vodafone Spain after completion of the transaction for a total annual 
service charge of c. €110 million. The Guarantor will continue to have a presence in Spain through its Innovation Hub in Málaga. 
The relevant announcements can be found here: https://www.londonstockexchange.com/news-article/VOD/sale-of-vodafone-
spain/16188396, 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/uk/vodafone4/rns/regulatory-story.aspx?cid=221&newsid=1820150 
and 
https://otp.tools.investis.com/clients/uk/vodafone4/rns/regulatory-story.aspx?cid=221&newsid=1826651.  However, any information on, or 
accessible through, these websites is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the announcement in relation to the sale of Vodafone Spain, the Group has updated its financial reporting to recognise that the 
results of Vodafone Spain are discontinued operations in the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2024. See Note 7 “Discontinued operations and assets held for sale” in the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 for more information. The audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
See the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for further information.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
Vodafone UK and Three UK merger 
On 14 June 2023, the Group and CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holdings Limited (“CKHGT”), a subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings 
Limited (“CK Hutchison”) entered into binding agreements to combine their UK telecommunication businesses, respectively “Vodafone 
UK” and “Three UK”. Vodafone UK and Three UK will be contributed to “MergeCo” with differential debt amounts at completion of the 
transaction to achieve MergeCo ownership of 51:49. Vodafone UK will be contributed with debt of £4.3 billion and Three UK with £1.7 
billion, subject to customary completion adjustments. No cash consideration will be paid.  
Completion is expected to take place around the end of the 2024 calendar year, subject to certain regulatory conditions, including clearance 
from the UK’s Competition and Markets Authority and approval under the UK National Security and Investment Act, and approvals from 
both the Group’s and CK Hutchison’s shareholders.  
The announcement can be found here: https://investors.vodafone.com/merger-of-vodafone-uk-and-three-uk. However, any information on, 
or accessible through, this website is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As at 31 March 2024, the issued share capital of the Guarantor comprised 50,000 7 per cent. cumulative fixed rate shares of £1.00 each 
(the “Fixed Rate Shares”) and 27,080,121,854 ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares) of U.S.$0.20 20/21 each. All the Fixed Rate 
Shares and the ordinary shares of the Guarantor are fully paid. 
 
Holders of the Fixed Rate Shares are entitled to be paid in respect of each financial year, or other accounting period of the Guarantor, a 
fixed cumulative preferential dividend of 7 per cent. per annum on the nominal value of the Fixed Rate Shares. The Fixed Rate Shares do 
not have any other right to share in the Guarantor’s profits. Holders of the Fixed Rate Shares are only entitled to vote on any resolution to 
vary or abrogate the rights attached to the Fixed Rate Shares. Holders have one vote for every fully-paid Fixed Rate Share. In the event of 
the liquidation of the Guarantor, after payment of all liabilities and deductions in accordance with English law, the holders of the Fixed Rate 
Shares would be entitled to a sum equal to the capital paid up on such shares, together with certain dividend payments, in priority to holders 
of the Guarantor’s ordinary shares. 
Recent Trends, Uncertainties and Demands 
 
Save as disclosed under “Risk Factors— Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee” and “General Information—Legal Proceedings”, the 
Guarantor is not aware of any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material 
effect on the Guarantor’s prospects for the current financial year. 
Management 
 
The directors of the Guarantor, their functions in the Group and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the Group, 
where these are significant with respect to the Group, are as follows as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Vodafone Group Plc Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Outside Directorships/Activities 
Jean-François van Boxmeer 
Chair 
• 
Heineken Holdings NV, non-executive director 
Margherita Della Valle 
Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, non-executive director and 
member of audit committee 
Luka Mucic 
Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Heidelberg Materials AG, Supervisory Board member 
Stephen Carter, CBE  
Non-Executive Director  
• 
Informa PLC, group chief executive  
Michel Demaré 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
AstraZeneca Plc, non-executive chair, chair of the nomination 
and governance committee and member of the remuneration 
committee 
Hatem Dowidar 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
Etihad Etisalat Company (Mobily), non-executive director

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
Vodafone Group Plc Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Outside Directorships/Activities 
(part of e& Group)  
• 
Maroc Telecom, non-executive director (part of e& Group) 
• 
BlackRock Frontiers Investment Trust Plc, non-executive 
director 
Delphine Ernotte Cunci  
Non-Executive Director  
• 
None  
Deborah Kerr 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
NetApp INC, non-executive director and member of the audit 
committee 
Maria 
Amparo 
Moraleda 
Martinez 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
Airbus Group, senior independent director, chair of the 
nominations and governance committee and remuneration 
committee and member of ethics and compliance committee 
• 
CaixaBank S.A., non-executive director and chair of 
appointments and sustainability committee 
• 
AP Moller-Maersk A/S, non-executive director, chair of the 
ESG committee and member of the audit committee 
David Nish 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
None 
Christine Ramon 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
Clicks Group Limited, non-executive director, member of the 
remuneration and nominations committee and member of the 
audit and risk committee 
• 
Discovery Limited, non-executive director, member of social 
and ethics committee, member of audit committee, member of 
remuneration committee and member of treating customers 
fairly sub-committee 
Simon Segars 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
Dolby Laboratories, Inc., non-executive director 
Board Committees 
The Board has established an Audit and Risk Committee, a Nominations and Governance Committee, a Remuneration Committee, an 
ESG Committee and a Technology Committee, each of which has formal terms of reference approved by the Board. The Board is satisfied 
that the terms of reference for each of these committees satisfy the requirements of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code where 
applicable. The terms of reference for all Board committees are reviewed internally on an ongoing basis by the Board and can be found on 
the Guarantor’s website at https://www.vodafone.com/investors/group/governance/board-committees. Alternatively, copies can be obtained 
by application to the Company Secretary at the Guarantor’s registered office. 
Audit and Risk Committee 
Under its terms of reference, the Audit and Risk Committee, whose membership is made up entirely of independent non-executive directors, 
is required, amongst other things, to review the Guarantor’s results and financial statements, review the activity of the internal and external 
auditors and monitor compliance with statutory and listing requirements. The members of the Audit and Risk Committee are set out below: 
David Nish (Chair) 
Michel Demaré 
Deborah Kerr 
Christine Ramon

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
Nominations and Governance Committee 
The Nominations and Governance Committee, whose membership is made up entirely of independent non-executive directors, provides a 
formal and transparent procedure for the appointment of new directors to the Board and normally engages external consultants to advise 
on prospective Board appointees. The Nominations and Governance Committee meets periodically when required. The Nominations and 
Governance Committee reports to the Board on a regular basis and has the power to employ the services of such advisers as it deems 
necessary to fulfil its responsibilities. The members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are set out below: 
Jean-François van Boxmeer (Chair) 
Stephen Carter 
Michel Demaré 
David Nish  
Hatem Dowidar 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee, whose membership is made up entirely of independent non-executive directors, is responsible to the Board 
for the assessment and recommendation of policy on executive remuneration and packages for individual executive directors. The members 
of the Remuneration Committee are set out below: 
Maria Amparo Moraleda Martinez (Chair) 
Michel Demaré 
Delphine Ernotte Cunci 
ESG Committee 
Under its terms of reference, the ESG Committee, whose membership is made up entirely of independent non-executive directors, is 
required, amongst other things, to oversee the ESG programme, Purpose (Inclusion for All, Planet and Digital Society) and the social 
contract, monitor progress against key performance indicators and external ESG index results and oversee progress on ESG commitments 
and targets. The members of the ESG Committee are set out below: 
Maria Amparo Moraleda Martinez (Chair) 
Simon Segars 
Jean-François van Boxmeer 
Christine Ramon 
Technology Committee 
The Technology Committee, whose membership is made up entirely of independent non-executive directors, is responsible to the Board 
for overseeing the technology strategy and how it supports the overall Group strategy. The members of the Technology Committee are set 
out below: 
Simon Segars (Chair) 
Stephen Carter 
Delphine Ernotte Cunci

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
Deborah Kerr 
Executive Committee 
Chaired by the Chief Executive, this committee is responsible for the Group’s competitive and financial performance, reviewing strategy 
and new business opportunities including major acquisitions and disposals, the management of its capital structure and funding and key 
organisational and policy decisions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Committee membership comprises the executive 
directors, details of whom are shown above, and the senior managers who are listed below. 
Senior Management 
Members of the Executive Committee who are not also executive directors are regarded as senior managers of the Guarantor. 
 
Vodafone Group Plc Senior Management 
Name 
Position 
Outside Directorships/Activities  
Aldo Bisio 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
and 
Chief 
Executive Officer Vodafone Italy 
• 
None 
Maaike de Bie 
Group General Counsel and Company 
Secretary  
• 
None 
Ahmed Essam  
Executive Chair Vodafone Germany and 
Chief Executive Officer European Markets  
• 
None  
Shameel Joosub  
Chief Executive Officer Vodacom Group  
• 
Safaricom plc, director  
Scott Petty  
Group Chief Technology Officer  
• 
None  
Joakim Reiter 
Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer 
• 
None 
Alberto Ripepi  
Chief Network Officer 
• 
None  
Serpil Timuray 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Vodafone 
Investments  
• 
British American Tobacco Plc, non-executive director 
• 
VodafoneZiggo, Chair 
• 
TPG Telecom, non-executive director  
Leanne Wood 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
• 
Compass Group PLC, non-executive director and 
member of the audit, corporate responsibility and 
nomination and remuneration committees 
 
On 15 April 2024, Vodafone announced that Marika Auramo will join Vodafone’s Executive Committee as Chief Executive Officer Vodafone 
Business, with effect from 1 July 2024.  
 
The business address of the directors and the senior management (as described above) of the Guarantor is c/o Vodafone Group Plc, 
Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the 
Guarantor of the directors or the senior management (as described above) of the Guarantor and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Corporate Governance 
Throughout the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the Guarantor was compliant with the provisions of, and applied the principles of, the 
2018 UK Corporate Governance Code.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They assume that there will be no substitution 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor and do not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such 
substitution may be permitted by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Any Noteholders who are in doubt as to their own tax 
position should consult their professional advisers. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that the tax legislation of any 
jurisdiction where a Noteholder is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdiction discussed below) may 
have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes including in respect of any income received from the 
Notes. 
1. 
United Kingdom Taxation  
The comments in this part are of a general nature and are based on the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom 
tax law and HM Revenue & Customs’ published practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs) in the 
United Kingdom only in relation to the deduction of tax from payments of interest. They do not deal with any other United 
Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Notes. The comments relate to the position of 
persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and interest thereon but are not exhaustive and may not 
apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers or certain professional investors. The United Kingdom tax treatment 
of prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. 
Prospective Noteholders should seek their own professional advice on other tax issues relevant to the Notes. In 
particular, the legislation of any jurisdiction where a Noteholder is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as 
the jurisdictions discussed herein) may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes including 
in respect of any income received from the Notes. 
1 
Interest payable on Notes which have a maturity of less than 365 days and are not issued with the intention, or under a scheme 
or arrangement the effect of which is, that such Notes form part of a borrowing capable of remaining outstanding for more than 
364 days can be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
2 
So long as the Notes (i) carry a right to interest, and (ii) are and continue to be listed on a “recognised stock exchange” within the 
meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “ITA 2007”), payments of interest on the Notes may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for 
these purposes. The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin.  Provided, therefore, 
that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a “recognised stock exchange”, interest on the Notes will 
be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax. 
3 
In all other cases, interest on the Notes that has a United Kingdom source must generally be paid under deduction of United 
Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to the availability of any other exemptions and reliefs. 
However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation 
to a Noteholder, HM Revenue & Customs can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of 
tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
4 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee which have a 
United Kingdom source is uncertain. In particular, such payments by the Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemptions 
described above in relation to payments of interest. Accordingly, if the Guarantor makes any such payments, these may be subject 
to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate. 
5 
The references above to “interest” are to that term as understood for the purposes of United Kingdom tax law.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Ireland Taxation 
 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters regarding 
the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and who are not associated with the 
Issuer (otherwise than by virtue of holding the Notes). Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes 
of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal 
advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that 
may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional 
advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments 
thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
The Issuer expects to be resident for tax purposes in the UK only and not in Ireland and that, as such, payments of interest on 
the Notes will not constitute Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on the Notes where such payments do not constitute Irish source income. 
Even if payments of interest on the Notes did have an Irish source, the Issuer would not be required to withhold Irish income tax 
on such payments where the Notes are quoted Eurobonds, i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as the Issuer), 
which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin) and which carry a right to interest; and the person 
by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland either: 
(a)  
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(b)  
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant 
person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
3. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that 
fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor).  However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required 
to pay Additional Amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
NatWest Markets Plc (the “Original Dealer”) has in a programme agreement dated 22 September 2022 (the “Programme Agreement”) 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be required to agree, with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes outside the United States to non-U.S. persons directly on its own behalf to persons other than Dealers as principals. In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with 
the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) in reliance on Regulation 
S. The subscription agreement relating to any Tranche of Registered Notes may provide that the Managers may directly or through their 
respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of Registered Notes within the United States only to QIBs in 
compliance with Rule 144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Notes outside the United States to 
persons other than U.S. persons in offshore transactions within the meaning of and in compliance with Regulation S and for the offer and 
resale of Registered Notes to QIBs in the United States within the meaning of and in compliance with Rule 144A. The Issuer and the 
Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute 
an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S), other than any QIB to whom an offer has 
been made directly by one of the Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to 
any person within the United States, other than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States, other than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or 
qualified institutional buyer, is prohibited.  
The Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of such distribution of all the Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part (such period, the 
“Distribution Compliance Period”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons other than, in the case of 
Registered Notes, in accordance with Rule 144A. The Original Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer 
or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Inflation Linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless  the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Original 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA, the Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and the expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless  the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Original 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to the UK, 
the Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be communicated, an invitation 
or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with 
the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied, and will comply, with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any 
Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Each of the Original Dealer, the Issuer and the Guarantor has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
Ireland  
Each of the Original Dealer, the Issuer and the Guarantor has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the “MiFID Regulations”), including, without limitation, 
Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any codes of conduct 
made under the MiFID Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 
(as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and  
(d) it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, 
except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any application 
provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable 
Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in 
accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the 
reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as 
amended, the “FIEA”) and the Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
Switzerland 
The Original Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this 
Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The Original Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and no application 
has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. The Original 
Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the “Corporations Act 2001”)) in relation 
to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). The 
Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that, unless the applicable Final Terms otherwise provide, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, for the issue, sale or purchase 
of the Notes in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the minimum aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
(disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of sections 761G and 761GA of 
the Corporations Act 2001; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
PRC 
The Original Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the PRC as part of the initial 
distribution of the Notes except as permitted by the securities laws of the PRC. 
Hong Kong 
The Original Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which 
are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) other than 
to (i) “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes 
of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed 
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Original Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, the Original Dealer 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes, or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Original Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, the Original Dealer and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
General 
The Original Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will comply with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
Transfer Restrictions 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes or a beneficial interest therein within the United States, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, will be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that it has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a QIB, (b) acquiring such Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner 
of such Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A in a transaction not 
involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. 
(2) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is 
a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 
thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any 
other applicable jurisdiction. 
(3) 
It will, and will require each subsequent purchaser to, notify any purchaser of Notes from it of the resale restrictions referred to 
herein. 
(4) 
Such Notes, unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
“THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (“RULE 144A”) TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY 
BELIEVE IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(A “QIB”) PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT 
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF 
AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY 
RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY.” 
(5) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. If it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more 
QIBs, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(6) 
It understands that the Registered Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by a DTC Restricted Global 
Certificate. Before any interest in Registered Notes represented by a DTC Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who will take delivery in the form of an interest in such Registered Notes represented 
by a Regulation S Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in a form to be 
provided) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes or a beneficial interest therein outside the United States and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales 
prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, by its acceptance or purchase thereof, will be deemed to have represented, 
agreed and acknowledged that:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located 
outside the United States (each within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting 
on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and that, prior to the expiration 
of 40 days following the completion of the distribution, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except (a) in 
accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or the account of a QIB or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other applicable 
jurisdiction. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend 
in the following form: 
“THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.” 
(4) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Registered Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Certificate. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, before any interest in Registered Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who will take delivery in the 
form of an interest in such Registered Notes represented by a DTC Restricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a 
Transfer Agent with a written certification (in a form to be provided) as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
General Information 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 21 July 2020.  The 
update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 17 April 2024. The giving 
of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated 26 March 2024.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and for such Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. It is expected that 
each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may 
be, initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available 
from the website of the Guarantor at https://investors.vodafone.com/debt-investors/bonds-outstanding-eu-and-us: 
(i) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed which incorporates the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Certificates, the Coupons, the Talons and any Custody Agreement (if applicable);  
(iv) 
this Base Prospectus (and any documents incorporated by reference herein); 
(v) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements (and any documents incorporated by reference therein); and 
(vi) 
each Final Terms and each Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes (save that any such Pricing Supplement relating to a 
Tranche of Exempt Notes which is neither listed nor admitted to trading on any stock exchange or market will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Exempt Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, such Paying Agent as to the identity of such holder). 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Notes and Registered Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Certificate have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate Common Code, ISIN (and any other relevant financial instrument codes, such 
as CFI and FISN) and, where applicable, CUSIP number for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer will make an application with respect to any restricted Notes of a 
Series of Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of restricted Notes of each Tranche 
of a Series of Registered Notes will be confirmed in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative 
clearing system (including Sicovam), the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The entities in charge of keeping the records in relation to each Tranche of Notes shall be Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC, as applicable. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium; the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041-0099, USA. 
Provision of Information under Rule 144A 
The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed that, for so long as any Notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) 
under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 of 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or 
beneficial owner or to the Trustee for delivery to such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, in each case upon the request of 
such holder, beneficial owner, prospective purchaser or Trustee, the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act. 
Issue Price 
The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche will be determined at the time of the offering of such Tranche in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 31 March 2023 and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 March 2023. There has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries since 31 March 2024 and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries since 31 March 2024.  
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this section entitled “Legal Proceedings”, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document which may have, or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Guarantor and its subsidiaries 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer). Due to inherent uncertainties, no accurate quantification of any cost, or timing of such 
cost, which may arise from any of the legal proceedings outlined below can be made.  
Tax cases 
VISPL tax claims 
Vodafone India Services Private Limited (“VISPL”) is involved in a number of tax cases. The total value of the claims is approximately €468 
million plus interest, and penalties of up to 300 per cent. of the principal. 
Of the individual tax claims, the most significant is for approximately €238 million (plus interest of €672 million), which VISPL has been 
assessed as owing in respect of: (i) the sale of an international call centre by VISPL to Hutchison Telecommunications International Limited 
group (“HTIL”); and (ii) the acquisition of and/or the alleged transfer of options held by VISPL in Vodafone India Limited. Item (i) is subject 
to an indemnity by HTIL. Item (ii), which forms the largest part of the potential claim, is not subject to any indemnity. A stay of the tax 
demand was obtained following a deposit of INR 2,000 million (approximately €22 million) being paid, and a corporate guarantee being 
provided by Vodafone International Holdings BV for the balance of tax assessed. On 8 October 2015, the Bombay High Court ruled in 
favour of Vodafone in relation to the options and the call centre sale. The Indian Tax Authority has appealed to the Supreme Court of India. 
The appeal hearing has been adjourned indefinitely. A claim in respect of the transfer pricing margin charged for the international call centre 
of HTIL prior to the 2007 transaction with Vodafone for HTIL assets in India has now been settled.  
While there is some uncertainty as to the outcome of the tax cases involving VISPL, the Group believes it has valid defences and does not 
consider it probable that a financial outflow will be required to settle these cases. 
Netherlands tax case 
Vodafone Europe BV (“VEBV”) received assessments totalling €267 million of tax and interest from the Dutch tax authorities, who 
challenged the application of the arm’s length principle in relation to various intra-group financing transactions. The Group entered into a 
guarantee for the full value of the assessments issued. VEBV appealed against these assessments to the District Court of the Hague where 
a hearing was held in March 2023. The District Court issued its judgement in July 2023, upholding VEBV’s appeal in relation to the majority 
of issues and requiring the Dutch tax authorities to significantly reduce its assessments. VEBV and the Dutch tax authorities have since 
appealed the judgement. The appeal hearing date is not yet known but is expected to be before the end of 2024. 
The Group continues to believe it has robust defences but has recorded a provision of €24 million for tax and interest, reflecting the Group’s 
current view of the probable financial outflow required to fully resolve the issue and has reduced the guarantee to the same value.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
Other cases in the Group 
Germany: Kabel Deutschland takeover – class actions  
The German courts have been determining the adequacy of the mandatory cash offer made to minority shareholders in Vodafone’s takeover 
of Kabel Deutschland in 2013. Hearings took place in May 2019 and a decision was delivered in November 2019 in Vodafone’s favour, 
rejecting all claims by minority shareholders. A number of shareholders appealed which was rejected by the court in December 2021. 
Several minority shareholders filed a further appeal before the Federal Court of Justice which was dismissed in April 2024.  
Germany: price increase class action 
In November 2023, the Verbraucherzentrale Bundesverband (Federation of German Consumer Organisations) initiated a class action 
against Vodafone Germany in the Hamm Higher Regional Court. Vodafone Germany implemented price increases of €5 per month for 
fixed lines services in 2023 in response to higher costs. The claim alleges that terms regarding price increases in the consumer contracts 
entered into by Vodafone Germany’s customers up until August 2023 are invalid under German civil law and seeks reimbursement of the 
additional charges plus interest. Customers must enter their details onto the register of collective actions on the Federal Office of Justice 
website in order to participate in the claim. The register opened on 23 April 2024.  
Whilst the Group intends to defend the claim, it is not able to determine the likelihood or estimate the amount of any possible financial loss 
at this early stage of the proceedings.  
Germany: claims regarding transfer of data to credit agencies 
Individual consumers are bringing claims against Vodafone Germany and/or the other national network operators alleging that information 
was passed to credit agencies up to February 2024 about contracts for mobile services without consumer consent. The claims seek 
damages of up to €5,000 per contract for General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR”) infringement. As at 31 March 2024, Vodafone 
Germany had been notified of 316 claims filed in various regional courts. The other national network operators are facing similar claims. 
The Group’s position is that the transfer of data about the existence of a consumer contract (and not about payments in relation to the 
contract) to credit agencies is standard practice and justified for the purposes of fraud prevention. However, given the increasing volume 
of claims, Vodafone Germany has stopped this activity.  
Although the outcome of these claims is uncertain and consequently it is not possible to estimate a potential financial loss, if any, at this 
stage, the Group believes it has valid defences and that no present obligation exists based on all available evidence.  
Germany: investigation by federal data protection authority 
In 2021, the BfDI (Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information) started an investigation into potential breaches 
of the GDPR in relation to the systems used by Vodafone Germany’s sales partners to manage customer data. 
Vodafone Germany is working cooperatively with the authority to discuss the circumstances giving rise to these issues and is currently 
conducting settlement talks with the aim of reaching a constructive resolution of the proceedings. Under the GDPR the authority has the 
power to impose fines of up to 2 per cent. of the Group’s annual revenue from the preceding financial year. 
A provision immaterial to the financial statements has been recorded. 
Italy: Iliad v Vodafone Italy 
In July 2019, Iliad filed a claim for €500 million against Vodafone Italy in the Civil Court of Milan. The claim alleges anti-competitive behaviour 
in relation to customer portability and certain advertising campaigns by Vodafone Italy. The main hearing on the merits of the claim took 
place on 8 June 2021. On 17 April 2023, the Civil Court issued a judgement in Vodafone Italy's favour and rejected Iliad's claim for damages 
in full. Iliad filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal of Milan in June 2023. The appeal process is ongoing. 
The Group is currently unable to estimate any possible loss in this claim in the event of an adverse judgement on appeal but, while the 
outcome is uncertain, the Group believes it has valid defences and that it is probable that no present obligation exists. 
Greece: Papistas Holdings SA, Mobile Trade Stores (formerly Papistas SA) and Athanasios and Loukia Papistas v Vodafone Greece

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
In October 2019, Mr. and Mrs. Papistas, and companies owned or controlled by them, filed several claims against Vodafone Greece with 
a total value of approximately €330 million for purported damage caused by the alleged abuse of dominance and wrongful termination of a 
franchise arrangement with a Papistas company. Lawsuits which the Papistas claimants had previously brought against Vodafone Greece, 
including one also citing Vodafone and certain Directors and officers of Vodafone as defendants, were  either withdrawn or left dormant. 
Vodafone Greece filed a counter claim and all claims were heard in February 2020. All of the Papistas claims were rejected by the Athens 
Court of First Instance because the stamp duty payments required to have the merits of the case considered had not been made.  Vodafone 
Greece’s counter claim was also rejected. The Papistas claimants and Vodafone Greece each filed appeals. The appeal hearings took 
place on 23 February and 11 May 2023. Judgement has been received and the Court dismissed both of the appeals because the stamp 
duty payments had again not been made, except for one aspect of the proceedings which will be dealt with at a further hearing in February 
2025. Whether the Papistas claimants will appeal the judgement is unknown as at the date of this document. 
Vodafone is continuing vigorously to defend the claims and based on the progress of the litigation so far the Group believes that it is highly 
unlikely that there will be an adverse ruling for the Group. On this basis, the Group does not expect the outcome of these claims to have a 
material financial impact.   
UK: Phones 4U in Administration v Vodafone Limited, Vodafone Group Plc and Others 
In December 2018, the administrators of former UK indirect seller, Phones 4U, sued the three main UK mobile network operators (“MNOs”), 
including Vodafone, and their parent companies in the English High Court. The administrators alleged collusion between the MNOs to 
withdraw their business from Phones 4U thereby causing its collapse. The judge ordered that there should be a split trial between liability 
and damages. The first trial on liability took place from May to July 2022. On 10 November 2023, the High Court issued a judgement in 
Vodafone’s favour and rejected Phones 4U’s allegations that the defendants were in breach of competition law, consistent with Vodafone’s 
previously stated position that a present obligation does not exist. Phones 4U has been granted permission to appeal the judgement from 
the Court of Appeal. The appeal hearing will take place in May 2025. 
The Group intends to vigorously defend the appeal and is not able to estimate any possible loss in the event of an adverse judgement on 
appeal.  
South Africa: Kenneth Makate v Vodacom (Pty) Limited 
Mr Kenneth Makate, a former employee of Vodacom Pty Limited (“Vodacom South Africa”), started legal proceedings in 2008, claiming 
compensation for a business idea that led to the development of a service known as ‘Please Call Me’ (“PCM”). In July 2014, the Gauteng 
High Court (the “High Court”) ruled that Mr Makate had proven the existence of a contract, but that Vodacom South Africa was not bound 
by that contract because the responsible director did not have authority to enter into such an agreement on Vodacom South Africa’s behalf. 
The High Court and Supreme Court of Appeal (the “SCA”) turned down Mr Makate’s application for leave to appeal in December 2014 and 
March 2015, respectively. 
In April 2016, the Constitutional Court of South Africa (the “Constitutional Court”) granted leave to appeal and upheld Mr Makate’s appeal. 
It found that Vodacom South Africa is bound by an agreement and ordered the parties to negotiate, in good faith, and agree a reasonable 
compensation amount payable to Mr Makate or, in the event of a deadlock, for the matter to be referred to Vodacom Group’s Chief Executive 
Officer (the “CEO”) for determination. Mr Makate’s application for the aforementioned order to be varied from the determination of an 
amount to a compensation model based on a share of revenue, was dismissed by the Constitutional Court. In accordance with the 
Constitutional Court order, and after negotiations failed, the CEO issued his determination on 9 January 2019. However, the CEO’s award 
of R47million (approximately €2 million) was rejected by Mr Makate, who subsequently brought an application in the High Court for judicial 
review against the CEO’s determination and award.   
The High Court, in a judgement delivered on 8 February 2022, set aside the CEO’s determination and ordered him to reassess the amount 
employing a set of criteria which would have resulted in the payment of a higher compensation amount, for the benefit of Mr Makate, than 
that determined by the CEO. Vodacom South Africa appealed against the judgement and the order of the High Court to the SCA. The SCA 
heard the appeal on 9 May 2023 and its judgement was handed down on 6 February 2024. A majority of three judges, with a minority of 
two judges dissenting, dismissed the appeal and ruled that Mr Makate is entitled to be paid 5 per cent. to 7.5 per cent. of the total revenue 
of the PCM product from March 2001 to the date of the judgement, plus interest.  
On 27 February 2024, Vodacom South Africa applied for leave to appeal the judgement and order of the SCA to the Constitutional Court, 
resulting in the suspension of the operation of the judgement and order of the SCA. Mr Makate is opposing Vodacom South Africa’s 
application for leave to appeal. Vodacom South Africa is challenging the SCA’s judgement and order on various grounds including, but not 
limited to the SCA ignoring the evidence placed before it on the computation of the quantum of compensation payable to Mr Makate, and 
the SCA issuing orders that are legally unenforceable.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
The CEO’s determination in 2019 amounted to R47 million (approximately €2 million). The minority judgement of the SCA raised Mr 
Makate’s compensation to approximately R186 million (approximately €9 million), while the SCA majority judgement would entitle Mr Makate 
to a minimum compensation amount of R29 billion (approximately €1.4 billion). Consequently, the range of the possible compensation 
outcomes in this matter is very wide. 
The amount ultimately payable to Mr Makate is uncertain and will depend on the determination of the Constitutional Court to grant Vodacom 
South Africa’s application for leave to appeal and, if granted, on the success of Vodacom South Africa’s appeal against the judgement and 
order of the SCA, on the merits of the case. The Group is continuing to challenge the level of compensation payable to Mr Makate and a 
provision immaterial to the financial statements has been recorded. 
UK: Mr Justin Gutmann v Vodafone Limited and Vodafone Group Plc 
In November 2023, Mr Gutmann issued claims in the Competition Appeal Tribunal seeking permission, as a proposed class representative, 
to bring collective proceedings against the four UK MNOs and their respective parent companies. Vodafone and Vodafone Limited are 
named defendants to one of the claims with an alleged value of £1.4 billion (approximately €1.6 billion), including interest. It is alleged that 
Vodafone and the other MNOs used their alleged market dominance to overcharge customers after the expiry of the minimum terms of 
certain mobile contracts (referred to as a ‘loyalty penalty’).  
Taking into account all available evidence at this stage, the Group’s assessment is that the allegations are without merit and it intends to 
defend the claim. The Group is currently unable to estimate any possible loss in regards to this issue but, while the outcome is uncertain, 
the Group believes it is probable that no present obligation exists.  
US Federal Income Tax Legend 
 
The following legend will appear on all permanent and definitive Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes where “TEFRA D” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes: 
 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE.” 
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer is Ernst & Young Dublin, Ireland, who has audited the Issuer’s financial statements, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) and applicable law. The Issuer’s audited financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 March 2023 were prepared in accordance with FRS 101 as adopted by the European Union as applied in accordance with 
the provisions of the Irish Companies Act and the requirements of the Irish Companies Act. Ernst & Young Dublin, Ireland is registered by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
The auditor of the Guarantor is Ernst & Young LLP, who has audited the Guarantor’s financial statements, without qualification, in 
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and International Standards on Auditing 
for the financial years ended 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023.  
The Guarantor’s audited consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 March 2024 and 31 March 2023 were prepared 
in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards and 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Ernst & Young LLP is registered 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Certificates and Reports 
Any certificate or report of the auditors or any other expert or other person called for by or provided to the Trustee in accordance with or for 
the purposes of the Notes may be relied upon by the Trustee as sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein whether or not such certificate 
or report is addressed to the Trustee and whether or not such certificate or report and/or any engagement letter or other document entered 
into by the Trustee in connection therewith contains a monetary or other limit on the liability of the auditors (or such other expert or other 
person) in respect thereof.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated 
as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in Condition 15 in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer or the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or each of their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management 
policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For 
the purpose of this section the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
Role of the Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the 
Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Vodafone International Financing DAC 
2nd Floor, Palmerston House, 
Fenian Street 
Dublin 2 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Vodafone Group Plc 
Vodafone House 
The Connection 
Newbury 
Berkshire RG14 2FN 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to English and United States 
law 
To the Issuer as to Irish law  
Linklaters LLP 
Arthur Cox LLP 
One Silk Street 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace  
London EC2Y 8HQ 
Dublin 2 
 
 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law and United States law  
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listings Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young Dublin, Ireland 
EY Building 
Harcourt Centre 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2 
 
 
AUDITOR TO THE GUARANTOR 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1 More London Place 
London SE1 2AF

--- Page 155 ---
155