--- Page 1 ---
March 22, 2022 
This document constitutes four base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended ("Prospectus Regulation"): (i) the base prospectus of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft in respect of 
non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2 (c) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-Equity Securities"), 
(ii) the base prospectus of Volkswagen International Finance N.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities, (iii) the 
base prospectus of VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada Inc. in respect of Non-Equity Securities and 
(iv) the base prospectus of Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC in respect of Non-Equity Securities 
(together, the "Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus" or the "Prospectus"). 
 
 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Wolfsburg, Germany 
as Issuer and as Guarantor for Notes issued by 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. 
Ajax, Ontario, Canada 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
Herndon, Virginia, USA 
(formed in Delaware) 
 
€ 30,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
TD Securities 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of the approval of 
the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list notes to be issued under the programme 
(the "Programme") (the "Notes") on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"). Notes 
issued under the Programme may also be listed on further or other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. 
The Notes and Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and the rules and regulations thereunder. Subject to certain limited 
exceptions, the Notes are being offered and sold only to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and may not 
be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a description of certain restrictions on offers 
and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Selling Restrictions". The Notes and Guarantee have not been approved or disapproved by the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), any State securities commission in the United States or 
any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits 
of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offence in the United States.  
This Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference will be published in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the website of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.volkswagenag.com). This Prospectus is valid until March 22, 2023 and this Prospectus and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. There is no obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when 
this Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft ("Volkswagen AG", "VWAG" or the "Guarantor") with its registered office in 
Wolfsburg, Germany, Volkswagen International Finance N.V. ("VIF") with its registered office in Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands, VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. ("VCCI") with its registered office in Ajax, 
Ontario, Canada and Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC ("VWGoAF") with its registered office in 
Delaware, USA and with its principal place of business in Herndon, Virginia, USA (each an "Issuer" and together 
the "Issuers") accept responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus. References to "Volkswagen" or 
the "Volkswagen Group" are to VWAG together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including VIF, VCCI and 
VWGoAF. 
Each Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any other 
document incorporated herein by reference. Full information on each Issuer and any tranche of notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus and the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
The Issuers have confirmed to Barclays Bank Ireland PLC (the "Arranger") and to the Dealers (as defined herein) 
that this Prospectus contains all information with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Notes and the Guarantee 
which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; that the 
information contained in this Prospectus is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; 
that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that 
there are no other facts with respect to the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Notes or the Guarantee, the omission of 
which would make any statement, whether fact or opinion, in this Prospectus misleading in any material respect; 
and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts and to verify the accuracy of all statements 
contained herein. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or any 
of them. 
The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken 
as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their 
respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor have undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or to publish a new 
Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and where approval by the 
CSSF of any such document is required, upon such approval having been given. 
To the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other 
person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuers and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information 
contained in this Prospectus or any supplement hereof, or any Final Terms or any other document incorporated 
herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of 
these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of 
these documents. 
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Guarantor, any of the Issuers or the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither does 
the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or 
solvency of the Guarantor or any of the Issuers pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law of July 16, 2019 
on prospectuses for securities (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) by approving 
this Prospectus. Prospective investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
Any websites included in this Prospectus, except for the websites specified in the context of the documents 
incorporated by reference, are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Prospectus and have not 
been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions 
applicable in the United States of America, Canada, the United Kingdom ("UK"), Japan, People's Republic of 
China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland, see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, offer and sale of the Notes 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to tax law requirements of the 
United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States of America or to U.S. persons. The Notes have also not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under 
the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada and the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Canada unless in accordance with all 
applicable Canadian provincial and/or territorial securities laws, or an available exemption therefrom. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws, see "Selling Restrictions - Canada". Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this 
Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for 
rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation 
of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser of Notes issued by an Issuer other than VCCI should refer 
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes a 
translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the German text of the Terms 
and Conditions may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In respect of the 
Guarantee, the German language version is always controlling and binding. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the 
Notes offered hereby and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes offered 
hereby to any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation to such 
person. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements, in particular statements using the words "believes", 
"anticipates", "intends", "expects" or other similar terms. This applies in particular to statements under the captions 
"Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor", "Volkswagen International Finance N.V. as Issuer", "Volkswagen

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
Group of American Finance, LLC as Issuer" and "VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. as Issuer" 
and statements elsewhere in this Prospectus relating to, among other things, the future financial performance, 
potential synergies to be realized in connection with potential acquisitions, plans and expectations regarding 
developments in the business of the respective Issuer, the Guarantor and the Volkswagen Group. These forward-
looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause 
the actual results, including the financial position and profitability of the respective Issuer and the Guarantor, to 
be materially different from or worse than those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. None 
of the Issuers nor the Guarantor assume any obligation to update such forward-looking statements and to adapt 
them to future events or developments. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL DATA 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Volkswagen AG as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and December 31, 2020 (respectively, the "2021 Annual Financial Statements" and the "2020 Annual 
Financial Statements", and together, the "Annual Financial Statements" or the "VWAG Financial 
Statements") were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the 
European Union ("IFRS"), and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e 
(1) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB). 
The audited financial statements of VIF as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 were prepared in 
accordance with IFRS and in accordance with section 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (the "Financial 
Statements 2021 of VIF"), and the audited financial statements of VIF as of and for the year ended December 
31, 2020 were prepared in accordance with "Dutch GAAP", which term is used to indicate the whole body of 
authoritative Dutch accounting literature including the Dutch Civil Code and the Framework and the Guidelines 
on Annual Reporting from the Dutch Accounting Standards Board (collectively referred to as "Dutch GAAP") 
(the "Financial Statements 2020 of VIF" and, together with the Financial Statements 2021 of VIF, the "VIF 
Financial Statements"). 
The audited consolidated financial statements of VCCI as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2020 (the "VCCI Financial Statements") were prepared in conformity with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
The audited financial statements of VWGoAF as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 
31, 2020 (the "VWGoAF Financial Statements" and together with the VWAG Financial Statements, the VIF 
Financial Statements and the VCCI Financial Statements, the "Financial Statements") were prepared in 
conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board. 
Unless otherwise specified, the financial information analysis included or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus is based on the Financial Statements. Where financial information in the tables of this Prospectus is 
labeled "audited", it has been taken from the Financial Statements. The label "unaudited" is used to indicate that 
financial information in the tables of this Prospectus has not been taken from the Financial Statements but has 
been derived from the respective Financial Statements or from VWAG's or the Issuers' accounting records or from 
management reporting and has not been audited. Not all figures may be comparable. 
The financial information and related discussion and analysis included or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus are presented in euro except as otherwise specified. 
Gross margin, operating result, research and development ratio ("R&D ratio") in the Automotive Division, capex 
in the Automotive Division, capex as a percentage of sales revenue in the Automotive Division, net cash flow in 
the Automotive Division and net liquidity in the Automotive Division and operating return on sales are not 
recognized financial measures under IFRS ("Non-GAAP measures") and should, for this reason, not be 
considered as an alternative to the applicable IFRS financial measures. These Non-GAAP measures may not be 
comparable to similarly titled financial measures as presented by other companies due to differences in the way of 
calculation. 
CURRENCIES 
In this Prospectus, all references to "€" "Euro" or "EUR" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of the European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 
974/98 of May 3, 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended, to "GBP" or "£" are to British pounds, the 
official currency of the United Kingdom, to "$", "U.S.$" and "USD" are to U.S. dollar, the official currency of the 
United States of America, to "CAD" or "C.$" are to Canadian dollar, the official currency of Canada and references 
to "Renminbi" or "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China.

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
ROUNDING 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown 
for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables 
may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. Furthermore, neither the Issuers, nor the Guarantor are manufacturers or 
distributors for the purposes of MiFID II. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. Furthermore, neither the Issuers, nor the Guarantor are manufacturers 
or distributors for the purposes of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes offered on the basis of this Prospectus may specify that the interest 
amounts payable under the relevant Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR"), which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is currently provided by the Bank of England ("BoE"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the 
"New York Federal Reserve"), the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate ("CDOR"), which is currently provided by 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited ("RBSL") or another benchmark. Where interest amounts payable 
under the relevant Notes may be calculated by reference to another benchmark, the Final Terms in respect of such 
Notes will specify further information on the administrator and the status of its registration pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). Given that the Benchmarks 
Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the SONIA and SOFR are administered by the BoE and the 
New York Federal Reserve, respectively, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears whereas RBSL does not appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that RBSL is not currently required to obtain authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and 
section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
Table of Contents 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 1 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 4 
3. 
VOLKSWAGEN AG AS ISSUER AND GUARANTOR........................................................................ 46 
4. 
VOLKSWAGEN INTERNATIONAL FINANCE N.V. AS ISSUER ...................................................... 73 
5. 
VOLKSWAGEN GROUP OF AMERICA FINANCE, LLC AS ISSUER .............................................. 77 
6. 
VW CREDIT CANADA, INC. / CRÉDIT VW CANADA, INC. AS ISSUER ....................................... 80 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 83 
8. 
GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE ......................................................................................... 214 
9. 
GARANTIE UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG ............................................................................... 216 
10. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................... 218 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 238 
12. 
TAXATION WARNING ........................................................................................................................ 239 
13. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 240 
14. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 244 
15. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................... 245 
16. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 250 
17. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................. 255

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended. 
1.1 
General 
Under this €30,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, VWAG, VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC 
Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe 
SE, NatWest Markets N.V., RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, RBC Europe Limited, Société Générale, The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank and UniCredit Bank AG or any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer(s) (each a "Dealer" and together, the "Dealers") which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes at any one time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuers may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined below) from time to time. 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF will have the benefit of a Guarantee and Negative Pledge 
(the "Guarantee") given by VWAG. The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligation of the Guarantor ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor. There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Notes. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of 
bookbuilding or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of 
distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
or purchaser(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of the Notes 
will be, if in Euro, €100,000 and, if in any currency other than Euro, an amount in such other currency nearly 
equivalent to €100,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
Notes will be issued with a term to maturity of 1 year at a minimum and 30 years at a maximum. 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and being 
identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and/or dates 
for first interest payment may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing 
Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be issued under this Prospectus to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the "regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange" which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Notes 
may also be listed on further or other stock exchanges or may be issued without being listed. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF"), 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and CDS Clearing and Depository 
Services Inc. ("CDS"). 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), or substantially identical 
successor provisions (the "D-Rules") or U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C), or substantially identical successor 
provisions (the "TEFRA C Rules"). 
Citibank, N.A. will act as Paying Agent. 
Citibank, N.A. will act as Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
1.2 
Issue Procedures 
1.2.1 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche 
of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms 
as set out below. 
1.2.2 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide 
for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates 
1.2.3 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
— The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I 
or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated 
and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
— Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I or Option II are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to 
the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. The Final 
Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in this Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a 
particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set 
out in this Prospectus attached. 
1.2.4 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. 
Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the 
left of or in the square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this 
Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will 
be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
1.2.4.1 Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an 
alternative or optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
1.2.4.2 Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall 
be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions.

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
1.2.5 
Controlling Language 
The Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language of the Conditions.

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material to the ability of VWAG, VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF 
to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and, in the case of VWAG, under the Guarantee, and of 
risk factors that are material to the Notes issued under the Programme in order to assess the market risk 
associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
The risks are not exhaustive. Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus. 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described might combine and thus intensify 
one another. 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the described risks may result in a significant decrease 
in the price of the Notes and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Risk Factors regarding VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF 
VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF are direct or indirect subsidiaries of VWAG. All Notes to be issued by VIF, VCCI and 
VWGoAF are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by VWAG in respect of principal and interest payments. 
Accordingly, the ability of each of VIF, VCCI and VWGoAF to fulfil their obligations under the Notes is affected, 
substantially, by the same risks as those that affect the business and operations of VWAG and/or its consolidated 
subsidiaries. Therefore, references in this section to risk factors affecting VWAG and/or its consolidated 
subsidiaries shall be considered risk factors affecting each of the Issuers (if applicable). 
VWAG is subject to various risks resulting from changing economic, political, social, industry, business and 
financial conditions. The principal risks which could affect VWAG's business, financial condition, profitability, 
cash flows, results of operations and future business results are described below. In addition, risks that are not yet 
known or assessed as not material can influence profitability, cash flows and financial position. 
Risk Factors regarding Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft and Volkswagen Group 
2.1 
Coronavirus impact 
2.1.1 
The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has had a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, affecting 
sales, production and supply chains, and employees. Further, the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has caused, 
and may continue to cause severe disruptions in the European and global economy and financial 
markets and could potentially create widespread business continuity issues. 
The global impact of the coronavirus ("SARS-CoV-2") pandemic continues to evolve and many countries, 
including China, the member states of the European Union and the United States, have reacted by instituting 
quarantines and restrictions on travel. The scale and duration of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has severely impacted 
global financial and energy and commodity markets and regional and global economies, pushing most into 
recession, including Volkswagen's primary markets and the locations of its principal operations, Germany and 
Europe as a whole, North and South America and China and Asia as a whole. Although advanced economies and 
emerging markets are recently showing signs of economic recovery, there is no assurance that such recoveries will 
be sustained. 
Measures taken by governments to control the spread of the pandemic have caused and may continue to cause a 
material deterioration of the global economy and the financial markets, with serious negative consequences for 
both advanced economies and emerging markets, including all of Volkswagen's core markets, disrupting global 
supply chains and affecting production output as a result of lockdowns, severely decreasing consumer demand and 
spending, and adversely impacting a number of industries, including the automobile industry. The resurgence of 
the virus in a number of countries worldwide and extended duration of SARS-CoV-2 or another pandemic, or 
novel mutations thereof, as well as delays in the global or national vaccination efforts could further negatively 
impact financial and energy and commodity markets and regional and global economies. 
The effects of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on demand 
for Volkswagen's products and services, its business and results of operations. The duration and intensity of the 
pandemic, national responses thereto, the resulting economic consequences, and the shape of the economic 
recovery could individually or together adversely impact Volkswagen's ability to successfully operate in the future. 
For example, the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on global demand, supply chains and raw material markets 
as well as the resulting slowdowns or suspensions in production due to lockdowns have affected Volkswagen's 
business and results of operations in 2020 and 2021, with vehicle production, sales revenue and operating result 
for 2020 decreasing significantly compared to 2019 levels. While production, sales revenue and operating result

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
have partially recovered in 2021, the impacts of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on Volkswagen's business, financial 
position and results of operations continue. 
Future epidemics or pandemics could potentially cause further significant damage to the global economy and to 
Volkswagen's business. The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the 
ultimate adverse impact of SARS-CoV-2. Nevertheless, SARS-CoV-2 presents material uncertainty and risk and 
has had and could continue to have material adverse effects on Volkswagen's sales revenue, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
2.2 
Macroeconomic, sector specific, markets and sales risks 
2.2.1 
Demand for Volkswagen's products and services depends upon the overall economic situation; 
restrictions on trade and increasingly protectionist tendencies can result in a negative trend in markets 
and impact Volkswagen's unit sales. 
The sales volume of Volkswagen's products and services depends upon the general global economic situation. 
Economic growth and developments in advanced economies and emerging markets have been adversely affected 
by volatility in the financial and commodity markets, restrictions on trade, increasingly protectionist tendencies 
and structural deficits, which pose a threat to the performance of individual advanced economies and emerging 
markets. In addition, there are increasing environmental challenges that affect individual countries and regions to 
varying degrees. The possible worldwide transition from an expansionary monetary policy to a more restrictive 
one also presents risks for the macroeconomic environment. In particular, high levels of public and private debt, 
rising inflation, movements in major currencies, volatile energy and commodity prices as well as political and 
economic uncertainty have in the past, and may in the future have a negative impact on consumption, damaging 
the macroeconomic environment. 
Particular risks to the economic environment, international trade and demand for Volkswagen's products and 
services may arise from increasing protectionist sentiment in Volkswagen's key markets and the introduction of 
further tariff and non-tariff barriers or similar measures due to increasing protectionist tendencies or because of 
other political reasons. For example, trade tensions between the United States and China, or a reorientation of the 
United States economic policy could have such an impact. Any introduction of additional regional or international 
trade barriers, including customs duties, minimum local content requirements, changes in taxation which have 
similar effects, or withdrawal from or renegotiation of multilateral trade agreements, could adversely impact 
Volkswagen's business and results of operations. Any retaliatory measures by regional or global trading partners 
could further adversely affect global economic growth and have an adverse impact on Volkswagen's business 
activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Furthermore, geopolitical tensions and conflicts, along with signs of fragmentation in the global economy, are a 
further major risk factor to the performance of individual countries and regions. In light of the existing, strong 
global interdependence, local developments could have adverse effects on the world economy. Any escalation of 
the conflicts in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South Asia or Africa and especially the current conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine, for example, could cause upheaval on the global energy and commodity markets, supply 
chains and trade and exacerbate migration trends. An aggravation of the situation in East Asia could also put a 
strain on the global economy. The same applies to violent conflicts, terrorist activities, cyber-attacks and the spread 
of infectious diseases, such as SARS-CoV-2, which have resulted and may continue to result in unexpected, short-
term market reactions and declines in demand for Volkswagen's products and services.  
Specifically, as of the date of this Prospectus, there is a risk that the latest developments in the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict will have a negative impact on the Volkswagen Group's business. This may also result from bottlenecks 
in the supply chain, volatility in commodity prices and exchange rates. As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not 
possible to conclusively assess the specific effects. Nor is it possible to predict with sufficient certainty to what 
extent further escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict will impact on the global economy and growth of the 
automotive industry in 2022. While the Volkswagen Group does not have any material subsidiaries and equity 
investments in Ukraine, it's operations may be affected by disruptions to counterparties and third-party suppliers 
located in the region. Furthermore, in Russia, the Volkswagen Group has a production company at the Kaluga site, 
as well as sales units and financing companies. They could above all be adversely affected by the sanctions already 
resolved, but also by new sanctions and general developments in Russia. In relation to the net assets, financial 
position and results of operations of the Volkswagen Group, the business activities of the Volkswagen Group in 
these two countries are insignificant; however, there is a risk that a further escalation of the conflict could have a 
material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and net assets of the Group. 
A deteriorating macroeconomic environment may also disproportionately reduce demand for premium, sport and 
luxury vehicles, which have typically been the most profitable products for Volkswagen Group. Stagnating 
economic growth or declines or economic disruptions in countries and regions that are major economic centers or

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
are relevant to the global supply chain, in particular the United States and China, have an immediate effect on the 
global economy and thus pose a key risk for Volkswagen's businesses. The economic development of some 
emerging economies is being hampered primarily by dependence on energy and commodity prices and capital 
inflows, but also by sociopolitical tensions. See also "Legal Risks – Volkswagen is exposed to political, economic, 
tax and legal risks in numerous countries." 
2.2.2 
The larger share of Western Europe, particularly Germany, and of China in Volkswagen's sales 
exposes Volkswagen to these regions' overall economic development and competitive pressures. The 
material deterioration of economic conditions and financial markets in these regions caused by the 
SARS-CoV-2 pandemic have resulted and may continue to result in a marked decline in consumer 
demand and investment activity and has significantly adversely affected and may continue to affect 
Volkswagen's business. 
In 2021, Volkswagen delivered 32.1% of its passenger cars and light commercial vehicles to customers in Western 
Europe. In particular, in 2021, 11.1% of total Volkswagen's passenger cars and light commercial vehicles 
deliveries were to customers in Germany. In the same year, Volkswagen delivered 38.3% of its passenger cars and 
light commercial vehicles to customers in China. A sustained decrease in demand for Volkswagen's products and 
services in Western Europe, especially in Germany, or in China would have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. This also applies 
to the commercial vehicle market, in which demand is particularly dependent on economic developments.  
 A decline in consumer demand or in product prices in Western Europe, Germany or China would have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position and results of operations. The effects of the SARS-
CoV-2 pandemic caused a significant worldwide economic downturn, affecting among others, Europe, Germany 
and China. This resulted in risks for Volkswagen's trading and sales companies, such as in relation to efficient 
inventory management and ability to maintain a profitable dealer network. The pandemic also caused a severe 
decline in demand for automobiles and other goods, and, depending on the length and severity of the pandemic, 
could lead to significant prolonged long-term economic weakness or recession and declines in automobile demand. 
This has had and could continue to have material adverse effects on Volkswagen's sales revenue, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations.  
2.2.3 
Volkswagen faces strong competition in all markets, which may lead to a significant decline in unit 
sales or price deterioration. 
The markets in which Volkswagen conducts business are marked by intense competition, and Volkswagen expects 
competition in the international automotive market to intensify further in the coming years. In previous years, this 
led to considerable price reductions and increase of incentives offered by individual automobile manufacturers.  
Volkswagen expects that the automotive industry will experience significant and continued transformation over 
the coming years. This will require Volkswagen to be responsive not only to its traditional competitors but also to 
new industry entrants and evolving trends in mobility. New participants are seeking to disrupt the industry's 
historic business model through the introduction of new technologies, products or services, new business models 
or new modes of transportation and car ownership. Competitive pressure will therefore encompass a wider range 
of competitors, products and services, including those that may be outside Volkswagen's current main business, 
such as autonomous vehicles, car sharing concepts and transportation as a service. If Volkswagen does not 
accurately assess, prepare for and respond to these challenges, its competitive position could erode, and its business 
could be harmed. 
Competitive pressure, particularly in the automotive markets in Western Europe, the United States, China, Brazil, 
India and Russia may further intensify due to cooperation between existing manufacturers or the market entry of 
new manufacturers, particularly from the United States, China or India, or an expansion of production by existing 
manufacturers or due to governmental regulations. In addition, Volkswagen's competitors may increasingly 
attempt to serve the Western European market with their spare production capacity or new product offers oriented 
towards European consumers. Alongside this, China's automotive industry is intensely competitive, with many 
domestic and foreign manufacturers attempting to maintain or grow their market share, for example, through 
marketing incentives. A further increase in competitive pressures in Western European or Chinese markets could 
result in falling prices and decreased demand for Volkswagen's vehicles, which could adversely affect sales, 
operating margins and cause a loss of market share. Intensified competition could reduce the number of 
Volkswagen's marketable products and services, as well as the prices and margins Volkswagen can obtain, which 
would negatively affect Volkswagen's market position and could materially adversely affect Volkswagen's general 
business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
2.2.4 
A decline in retail customers' purchasing power or in corporate customers' financial situation and 
willingness to invest as well as increased price pressure could significantly adversely affect 
Volkswagen's business. 
Demand for vehicles for personal use generally depends on consumers' net purchasing power and their confidence 
in future economic developments, while demand for vehicles for commercial use by corporate customers 
(including fleet customers) primarily depends on the customers' financial condition, their willingness to invest 
(which is affected by expected future business prospects), available financing, satisfaction with current products, 
and changes in mobility demand. A decrease in potential customers' disposable income or their financial condition 
will generally have a negative impact on vehicle sales. For example, the material deterioration in the global 
economy and financial markets, including increases in unemployment levels, rising inflation, and partial declines 
in income and personal wealth caused by the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, have to some extent, led to and may continue 
to lead to significant declines in demand for automobiles. 
A weak macroeconomic environment, combined with restrictive lending and a low level of consumer sentiment, 
reduces consumers' willingness to buy. Government intervention, such as tax increases, can have a similar effect. 
This tends to lead to existing and potential customers refraining from new vehicle purchases or, if the purchases 
are made, to potentially choose cheaper and less well-equipped vehicles.  
Special sales incentives and increased price pressures in the new car business also influence price levels in the 
used car market, with a negative effect on vehicle resale values. This may have a negative impact on the 
profitability of the used car business in Volkswagen's dealer organization. 
2.2.5 
Demand for Volkswagen products, in particular hybrid and electric vehicles, is driven to a certain 
extent by government support schemes, tax breaks and other third party incentives 
Volkswagen believes that demand for certain vehicles in the Volkswagen Group's product range is partly driven 
by third-party incentives such as rebates, tax-breaks and other environmental government schemes. This applies 
in particular to hybrid and electric vehicles. 
Government sales supporting schemes, such as temporary tax breaks, could for a given period encourage customers 
to make vehicle purchases earlier than originally planned, generating the risk that future revenues will be reduced 
accordingly. Alternatively, government sales support schemes may focus on market segments which are not 
beneficial for Volkswagen. Furthermore, such supporting schemes may terminate and/or new schemes may 
provide less incentives for customers to purchase Volkswagen products. This may have a negative impact on the 
demand for Volkswagen vehicles and adversely affect Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.2.6 
Volkswagen's commercial success depends on its own and its competitors' efforts in Asia, North 
America, South America and Central and Eastern Europe. 
Volkswagen believes that its future growth will, to a considerable extent, depend on demand for products and 
services of the Volkswagen Group from China, and more generally in growth markets in Central and Eastern 
Europe, South America, Asia and North America. Accordingly, Volkswagen has increased its investments in these 
regions and intends to make further investments there in the future. This also applies to Volkswagen's Financial 
Services Division. 
However, a number of growth markets have high customs barriers or minimum local content requirements for 
production, for example, presenting challenges to Volkswagen's plans. Furthermore, several Volkswagen 
competitors, in particular major Asian manufacturers, have also considerably expanded their production capacity 
or are in the process of doing so in these relevant regions. These facilities primarily serve the respective local 
markets, where demand for automobiles strongly depends on local economic growth. 
If local economic growth and demand for Volkswagen's products weaken, Volkswagen may sell fewer products 
in these markets or obtain lower prices than expected. A decline in, or lack of, economic growth in such local 
markets could also lead to significantly intensified price competition, rising inventories and excess production 
capacity. This could significantly decrease Volkswagen's revenue and income. For example, the impact of the 
SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on local economic growth in these markets has caused, and may continue to cause a 
significant decline in demand for Volkswagen's products and services, causing Volkswagen to sell fewer products 
in these markets and/or obtain lower prices than expected. Furthermore, due to a lack of economic growth and 
resulting price competition, Volkswagen may not realize a return on investments in these markets at all or realize 
it later than planned, which may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net 
assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
Volkswagen's future growth plans significantly depend on the market development in China. Volkswagen operates 
in the Chinese market mainly through a number of joint ventures. An economic slowdown or new, unfavorable 
government policies (including ceasing subsidies) — such as regulations setting quotas for new energy vehicles 
(e.g., battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles) — may affect the demand for automobiles. In 
addition, restrictions on vehicle registrations in metropolitan areas — such as those in effect, for example, in 
Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou — may be extended to other major cities in China. This could have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's sales in China. 
2.2.7 
Changing consumer preferences and governmental regulations with respect to modes of transportation 
could limit Volkswagen's ability to sell Volkswagen's traditional product lines at current volume levels. 
Many consumers today are more focused on acquiring smaller, more fuel efficient and environmentally friendly 
vehicles, including hybrid and electric models. The size, performance and accessories features of the passenger 
cars and light commercial vehicles that Volkswagen sells have an impact on Volkswagen's profitability. Generally, 
larger vehicles in higher vehicle categories with higher engine power contribute more to Volkswagen's operating 
result than smaller vehicles in lower vehicle categories with lower engine power. It is technically demanding and 
cost intensive for Volkswagen to develop engines that are smaller and more efficient, but which maintain the same 
performance. On the other hand, growing customer interest in sports utility vehicles (SUV) could impact the carbon 
dioxide ("CO2") balance of Volkswagen's fleet and Volkswagen could incur higher costs in meeting the applicable 
CO2 targets. Volkswagen also faces growing pressure for enhanced digitalization and automated driving features 
in addition to increasing regulatory requirements. Implementing such changes involves, among other things, 
technical challenges, the burden of meeting changing customers' preferences, as well as increased costs. For 
competitive reasons Volkswagen may only be able to pass these costs on to customers to a limited extent, if at all, 
which could affect Volkswagen's profitability. 
In the past, Volkswagen observed that private and commercial users were increasingly open to alternative modes 
of transportation to the detriment of self-owned vehicles, especially in connection with growing urbanization. 
While this trend has reversed partly as a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, it is unclear whether the reversal 
will continue long-term. 
A change in consumer preferences or governmental regulations away from transport by automobile, as well as a 
trend towards smaller vehicles or vehicles equipped with smaller engines, alternative drivetrains or other technical 
enhancements could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. 
2.2.8 
Volkswagen's multiple brand strategy may result in overlap in the sales approach, which could lead to 
weakening of the brands. 
In the Automotive Division, Volkswagen has several brands, some of which serve similar customer segments. 
Additionally, the trend of increasing number of body styles (for example, cross-over body styles) based on 
customer expectations and competitive actions increases the risk of an overlap in the marketing approach, which 
can have a negative effect on the overall position and market share of the individual brands. This risk can be 
intensified by Volkswagen's modular strategy, which provides the same platforms and components for certain 
segments. 
A shift in demand in the volume market in which Volkswagen simultaneously offers many brands and models, for 
example, in the compact vehicle class, would necessitate additional marketing activities to broaden brand 
perception and create higher differentiation among brands. 
These risks may lead to internal cannibalization, loss of sales or additional expenses associated with higher 
investment to reposition affected models or brands, which could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's 
general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.2.9 
Volkswagen is dependent on the sale of vehicles to corporate customers (including fleet customers) 
and is therefore dependent on their economic situation and preferences. 
Corporate customers, including fleet customers, generate more stable incoming orders than retail customers. Fleet 
customers need vehicles to travel, distribute their goods and services and visit their customers. They rely on cars, 
light commercial vehicles, trucks and busses for their daily work and in most cases, they provide a specific budget 
for the acquisition of the vehicles, generating stable incoming orders. Fleet registrations of Volkswagen Group 
passenger vehicles as a share of total registrations in Europe amounted to 39% in 2021 for the overall market. 
Although Volkswagen does not depend on any individual corporate customer, corporate customers, in aggregate, 
represent an important customer group. Therefore, Volkswagen is dependent on this customer segment's economic

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
situation and any worsening of such situation or worsening of the wider macroeconomic environment may deter 
corporate customers from investing in or from the leasing of vehicles for commercial use leading to a postponement 
of fleet renewal contracts. For example, the sensitivity of this customer group to the material deterioration of the 
global economy and the financial markets resulting from the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (and the resulting shift from 
business travel to online meetings) has caused and may continue to cause Volkswagen to sell significantly fewer 
vehicles to such corporate customers. Sales in Volkswagen's truck business are particularly sensitive to economic 
developments due to the transportation sector's strong cyclicality. The resulting production fluctuations require 
significant flexibility on the part of truck producers, given the even higher complexity of the product offering with 
respect to trucks as compared to passenger vehicles. In addition, if Volkswagen sells fewer vehicles to corporate 
customers, the Financial Services Division may conclude fewer leasing or financing agreements. 
Furthermore, due to the higher number of vehicles purchased by corporate customers compared to individual 
customers, large corporate customers are generally granted larger discounts. There is a risk that Volkswagen may 
only be able to partially offset discounts to corporate customers, if at all. 
Corporate customers tend to include CO2 restrictions in relation to exhaust emissions into their company policies. 
There is a risk that large corporate customers will reduce or eliminate purchases of Volkswagen products if the 
Volkswagen Group is not able to offer products with sufficiently low exhaust emissions values. Additionally, 
corporate customers are increasingly interested in new forms of mobility as well as mobile online services. There 
is a risk that Volkswagen could lose sales if the Volkswagen Group's shift to new mobility concepts does not 
proceed in a timely manner. 
A decline in sales to corporate customers could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business 
activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.2.10 
Issues in relation to exhaust emissions have negatively affected and may continue to affect brand 
image or brand confidence. 
The reputation of the Volkswagen Group and its brands is one of its most important assets and forms the basis for 
the Volkswagen Group's long-term business success. Volkswagen's attitude and strategic orientation with regard 
to issues such as integrity, ethics and sustainability are the focus of public attention. However, misconduct or 
criminal acts by individuals and the resulting damage to Volkswagen's reputation can never be completely 
prevented. In addition, media reactions can have a negative impact on the image of Volkswagen Group and its 
brands. This effect could be exacerbated by inadequate crisis communication.  
Reputational issues may adversely impact Volkswagen's business, revenues, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations. See also "Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have 
conducted and are continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating 
to exhaust emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any 
further investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices of its 
securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities." 
2.3 
Research and development risks 
2.3.1 
The automotive industry faces a process of transformation with far-reaching changes and 
Volkswagen's future business success depends on its ability to develop new, attractive and energy-
efficient products; failure to develop products in line with demand and regulations, especially in view 
of e-mobility and digitalization trends could materially impact Volkswagen's operations. 
Customers are increasingly focusing on lower fuel consumption and exhaust emissions when they make a 
purchasing decision. Alternative drive technologies (for example electric or hybrid powertrains) are becoming 
more important both due to growing customer demand for local zero emissions mobility and for compliance with 
legal requirements. Recently, many car companies, including Volkswagen, are developing autonomous driving 
technologies and introducing electric and/or hybrid automobiles and automotive digitalization products and 
services.  
A significant factor for Volkswagen's future success is its ability to recognize such trends early enough to react 
accordingly and thus strengthen Volkswagen's position in the existing product and service range and the market 
segments it already serves, as well as enabling it to expand into new market segments. Volkswagen encounters 
research and development challenges as its products become more complex and as it introduces new, more 
environmentally friendly technologies. Primarily due to increasingly stringent emission and consumption 
regulations, it may have difficulties in achieving stated efficiency targets and fulfilling fleet average targets without 
loss of quality or decline in profitability. See also: "Volkswagen is subject to a range of different environmental

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
regulatory and legal requirements worldwide that are constantly changing; and not meeting CO2-related 
regulations could lead to substantial fees, penalties, damages and other materially adverse effects.". 
Volkswagen is pursuing developments in electric mobility and planning further extensive investments – including 
in battery technology and digitalization – to expand its electric car model range. This plan entails considerable risk, 
including: uncertainties regarding future regulations and the extent of governmental support; uncertainties 
regarding the widespread adoption by consumers of electric vehicles and their performance: availability of the 
necessary charging infrastructure; Volkswagen's ability to react to cyber-attacks and cyber-crime in an appropriate 
time and manner; Volkswagen's technological and organizational capabilities to shift from a traditional car 
manufacturer into a provider of sustainable mobility, availability of supply of required materials (such as lithium 
or cobalt) and components (in particular safe and reliable batteries); and Volkswagen's ability to sufficiently 
increase its capacity to serve the new market with comprehensive products and mobility services. Volkswagen has 
entered into a variety of cooperative arrangements to research and develop new technologies, particularly for 
alternative drive and energy source technologies, such as high-performance lithium ion batteries for electric cars. 
Nevertheless, Volkswagen may not achieve its objectives for electrification of its product range and other future 
technological advances or may not achieve an acceptable return on investment or profitability at the historical 
levels in the new market segments. 
Volkswagen's competitors or their joint ventures may develop better solutions and be able to manufacture the 
resulting products more rapidly, in larger quantities, with a higher quality or at a lower cost. This could lead to 
increased demand for competitors' products and result in a loss of Volkswagen's market share. Furthermore, if 
Volkswagen's financial condition deteriorates, for example as a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, the capital 
required for making future investments in research and development may not be readily available. 
As a result of the intensity of automotive competition and the pace of technological developments, Volkswagen 
faces continual pressure to develop new products and improve existing products in shorter time. If Volkswagen 
miscalculates, delays recognition of, or fails to adapt its products and services to trends, legal and customer 
requirements in individual markets or other changes in demand, Volkswagen's unit sales could drop. Volkswagen 
cannot eliminate this risk, even with extensive market research. If Volkswagen makes fundamental or repeated 
miscalculations over the long term, it could lose customers and the reputation of its affected brands could suffer. 
Such miscalculations could also lead to unprofitable investments and associated costs.  
Recent progress in the development of electric vehicles and new software driven technologies like autonomous 
driving, will lead to a major shift of revenue and profit pools and therefore to a fundamental change in the 
automotive business. As part of its mid- and long-term strategic initiatives, such as the "NEW AUTO" initiative 
introduced in 2021, Volkswagen is targeting a re-alignment from a vehicle manufacturer to a global software-
driven mobility provider, requiring the development of a unified battery cell, the expansion of charging 
infrastructure and new energy services, as well as the development of mobility solutions for owned and shared 
vehicles.  
If Volkswagen is unable to successfully execute is strategic initiatives, encounters delays in bringing new vehicle 
models to market or if customers do not accept Volkswagen's new models, or if the other risks mentioned above 
occur, this could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.3.2 
Volkswagen faces challenges in connection with stricter processes/requirements for vehicle approval 
(homologation) and new test procedures. 
The vehicle approval process (homologation) and the implementation of increasingly stringent emission and fuel 
consumption regulations are becoming more and more complex and time-consuming and vary by country, such as 
the transition from emission targets using the New European Driving Cycle ("NEDC") methods to targets under 
the Worldwide Harmonised Light Vehicles Test Procedure ("WLTP"). Furthermore, increasingly stringent 
emission and fuel consumption regulations being introduced from 2025, such as the Euro 7 standard in Europe and 
the C6 in China, pose increased implementation challenges and risks. The costs of compliance with regulatory 
requirements are considerable, and such costs are likely to increase further in the future, given the expected 
increased scrutiny, periodic regulatory changes, the need to develop new harmonized internal standards to comply 
with regulations, and stricter enforcement by regulators globally. In the past, Volkswagen was required and may 
in the future be required to devote significant resources to develop and maintain the required internal processes.  
A violation of applicable regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines, damages, recalls, restrictions 
on or revocations of Volkswagen's permits and licenses (including vehicle certifications or other authorizations 
that must be in place before a particular vehicle may be sold in the authorizing jurisdiction), restrictions on or 
prohibitions of business operations, reputational harm and other adverse consequences. This, in turn, could have a

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
material adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
2.3.3 
Volkswagen faces regulatory risks and greater competition in vehicle aftermarkets resulting from the 
adoption of the new EU Vertical Block Exemptions Regulation changes.  
Volkswagen maintains a European-wide distribution network with selected dealers and workshops based on 
standardized contracts that are adapted to European and local laws. For the distribution of new motor vehicles, 
Volkswagen uses quantitative and qualitative selection criteria in accordance with the Vertical Block Exemption 
Regulation No. 330/2010 ("VBER"). Generally, Volkswagen is entitled to limit the number of dealers to those 
who fulfil qualitative criteria. However, Volkswagen may be required to self-assess its situation and potentially 
change its distribution contracts to admit further dealers into its network in markets where Volkswagen's market 
share exceeds 40%. In July 2021 the European Commission has published the draft for a new VBER, planned to 
come into force on June 1. 2022. The new VBER draft contains, among other things, new guidelines for the 
selective distribution systems and, in particular, the dual distribution systems that refer to the relevant market share 
of the targeted companies and which may have an impact on Volkswagen's distribution system. The European 
Commission has conducted several consultations inviting market participants to give their comments on the draft. 
Until the new VBER regulation is approved, Volkswagen is not able to make a final legal assessment on its 
exposure resulting from the new legal situation. 
Additionally, Volkswagen is obliged to grant access to technical information for independent market participants 
in accordance with the Euro 5/Euro 6 legislation (Regulation (EU) No 566/2011, Regulation (EC) No 715/2007 
and Regulation (EC) No 692/2008). Due to the amendment of the Euro 5/Euro 6 legislation in the form of 
Regulation (EC) No. 2018/858 effective September 1, 2020, Volkswagen must grant independent operators access 
to technical information that goes beyond the previous requirements, in particular to technical information on 
Volkswagen's genuine parts. The expansion of independent market participants' access to such information causes 
additional expenses in connection with the review of existing arrangements and other costs that Volkswagen must 
incur in order to adapt to the new regulation. The regulations described above could also expose Volkswagen to 
greater competition in the aftermarkets. 
For example, Germany initiated a change in the national design law which came into force in December 2020, 
restricting or abolishing design protection for spare parts for repair purposes parts by introducing a "repair clause". 
Furthermore, the European Commission plans to end design protection for visible vehicle parts. If this plan is 
implemented, it could adversely affect Volkswagen's genuine parts business. The developments in Germany or 
possible further restriction or abolitions of design protection for replacement parts could have a negative impact 
on the Volkswagen Group's genuine parts business. 
2.4 
Operational risks 
2.4.1 
If Volkswagen is unable to obtain automotive parts and components from suppliers at a reasonable 
price or at all, for example, due to a supply bottleneck, particularly within a limited supplier 
environment, Volkswagen's procurement, production, transport and service chains could be 
interrupted or impaired. 
Volkswagen's business depends, among other things, on the timely availability of automotive parts and 
components. In addition, the smooth flow of Volkswagen's production depends on the quality of the parts, 
components, commodities and other materials, as well as reliable and timely delivery by suppliers. Recently, the 
increasing technical complexity and Volkswagen's expanding use of the modular toolkit system has resulted in an 
increased need for high-grade supplier components and software of impeccable quality.  
Volkswagen generally sources automotive parts and components from several suppliers, however, in some cases, 
Volkswagen relies on one or a few suppliers for the delivery of certain parts, components and other materials and 
it faces risks should the suppliers be unable or unwilling to fulfil delivery obligations. This could have a material 
financial impact on the Volkswagen Group. Supply risks arise particularly in the area of battery cell production 
due to the increasing demand for battery cells, semiconductors and the dependence of automotive manufacturers 
on a limited pool of suppliers, technological developments and the service life of battery cells. There is a risk that 
looming supply breakdowns may not be recognized early enough and that countermeasures may not be initiated 
in time to maintain adequate production levels. 
For example, in 2021, the international semiconductor shortage has had, and will continue to have, a material 
effect on Volkswagen's ability to obtain automotive parts and components from suppliers. This affected production 
at Volkswagen plants and caused shortfalls in deliveries of Volkswagen cars to consumers in 2021. Due to the 
limited market capacity and a long production lead time, there is an ongoing supply risk for semiconductors, which 
has caused and could continue to cause production issues for Volkswagen until supply recovers. This has affected

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen's competitive position, in particular regarding hybrid and electric vehicles. 
Furthermore, the latest developments in the Russia-Ukraine conflict will have a negative impact on the supply 
chain and lead to supply bottlenecks, potentially leading to production issues for Volkswagen. 
In addition, quality problems may necessitate technical measures involving a considerable financial outlay where 
costs cannot be passed on to the supplier or can only be passed on to a limited extent. Although Volkswagen has 
implemented a thorough evaluation process for suppliers of critical parts (i.e. parts required at high volumes across 
different brands), risks that suppliers may be unable or unwilling to fulfil delivery obligations persist. This effect 
may be exacerbated by Volkswagen's increasingly local production, in particular in countries such as Brazil, 
Russia, India and China, where Volkswagen uses regionally-based suppliers whose ability to deliver may be 
adversely affected by regional conditions and events. Concentrating on only a few financially strong suppliers 
gives rise to the risk of insufficient competition. Examples include consolidation of the local supply base in 
different regions as well as exchange rate fluctuations. The availability of parts from local suppliers in these 
markets may be at risk and resorting to sources outside these regions could have an adverse impact on production 
cost due to unfavorable exchange rates, local content requirements and import duties. 
Weakening growth in the global economy, ongoing trade disputes and shifts in customer demand – especially the 
technological shift toward e-mobility – along with the resulting changes in order volume from suppliers are posing 
challenges for Volkswagen's suppliers, resulting in an increased need for financing. The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, 
in particular, has had, and may continue to have, a material effect on Volkswagen's ability to obtain automotive 
parts and components from suppliers. Some of Volkswagen's suppliers have experienced and could continue to 
experience financial distress or file for insolvency as a result. Financial distress in the supply chain has resulted 
and may continue to result in delivery bottlenecks, a loss of quality and price increases. Additionally, if vehicle 
sales decline significantly across the automotive market, competition in the automotive industry will increase, 
which could have a significant adverse effect on the financial position of some of Volkswagen's suppliers. 
Furthermore, Volkswagen is also facing different environmental and social risks in its complex globally 
fragmented supply chains. New legislation and stakeholders such as fleet customers, investors or non-
governmental organizations are calling for a contribution from Volkswagen to address sustainability issues 
upstream in its supply chains and establish a thorough human rights and environmental due diligence scheme. New 
technologies such as electro mobility will change the composition of materials required for the vehicle fleet. Metals 
used for high voltage batteries necessary for electric vehicles are partly produced in countries with low 
sustainability performance and weak enforcement of national labor and environmental laws, which increases the 
risk of violations of Volkswagen's sustainability requirements. Future legislation can also increase financial risks 
due to fines, import restrictions or exclusion from public procurement tenders. Social or environmental problems 
could result in reputational damage to Volkswagen or instability of material supply.  
2.4.2 
Volkswagen is exposed to risks arising from procurement of raw materials, potentially impacting its 
procurement, production, transport and service chains. 
Prices of certain raw materials, such as steel, aluminum, copper, lead, coking coal, crude oil, magnesium, precious 
metals and rare earth elements have remained highly volatile. Rises in demand for raw materials could create a 
shortage of the raw materials that are important for Volkswagen's production and further price increases. In 
addition, the accelerated use of new technologies, such as electrified powertrains, could increase Volkswagen's 
procurement risks. An industry-wide shift to electro mobility could lead to bottlenecks in supplies and price 
increases of certain critical materials, such as lithium, rhodium or cobalt, which could limit Volkswagen's ability 
to scale the new technologies profitably. Furthermore, the technological transformation will require significant 
changes to Volkswagen's supply chain, as it increasingly sources parts and supplies designed for new technologies. 
Such planned changes may not always be successful. These risks could lead to higher manufacturing costs for end 
products, parts and components. 
A shortage of raw materials and energy sources could arise from decreases in extraction and production due to 
natural disasters, political instability or unrest – or other events such as violent confrontations – such as the current 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine, epidemics or pandemics such as the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic or production 
limits imposed in extracting and producing countries. For example, China, which is currently the predominant 
producer of rare earth elements, has limited the export of such elements in the past and is increasingly using other 
mechanisms, such as an export licensing system or the imposition of higher raw material duties, which could limit 
access to such elements. Similarly, geopolitical risks exist with respect to supplies of cobalt, a key metal for battery 
production. 
If the prices for these or other raw materials, including energy, increase and if Volkswagen is not able to pass such 
increases on to customers, or if Volkswagen is unable to ensure its supply of scarce raw materials, Volkswagen 
may face higher component and production costs that could in turn negatively affect future profitability and cash 
flows.

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
2.4.3 
Any unauthorized control or manipulation of Volkswagen's in-vehicle systems could impact the safety 
of Volkswagen customers and reduce confidence in Volkswagen's products. 
Volkswagen's vehicles contain increasingly complex IT systems. These systems control various vehicle functions 
including engine, transmission, safety, steering, navigation, acceleration, braking, and window and door lock 
functions. Hackers have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to 
modify, alter and use such systems to gain control of, or to change, vehicles' functionality, user interface and 
performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. 
Any unauthorized access to or control of Volkswagen's vehicles or their systems or any loss of data, or 
undiscovered software flaws or other malfunctions, could impact the safety of Volkswagen's customers or security 
of their private data, reduce confidence in Volkswagen's products, or result in legal claims or proceedings, liability 
or regulatory penalties. In addition, regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to vehicles, their 
systems or data could negatively affect Volkswagen's brand and reputation, and harm its business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
2.4.4 
Volkswagen's future business success depends on its ability to maintain high quality and Volkswagen 
may incur substantial costs as a result of having to comply with government-prescribed standards for 
vehicles and components. 
In order to maintain high quality standards for its products and to comply with government-prescribed standards, 
such as safety, security, emissions or environmental standards, Volkswagen incurs substantial costs for monitoring 
and quality assurance. In particular, there are numerous legal requirements regarding the use, handling and storage 
of substances and mixtures (including restrictions concerning chemicals, heavy metals, biocides and persistent 
organic pollutants), of increasing relevance as a result of the automotive industry's transition to e-mobility 
solutions. Since Volkswagen applies a modular component concept in vehicle production, Volkswagen's risk is 
increased because individual components are used in several different models and brands. Nevertheless, 
Volkswagen's vehicles and components, but also components sourced from suppliers as well components or 
designs Volkswagen itself supplies to third parties may breach applicable standards and require Volkswagen to 
take remedial measures (see for example the Takata recalls under "Volkswagen is exposed to risks in connection 
with product-related guarantees and warranties as well as the provision of voluntary services, in particular in 
relation to recall campaigns.") 
In the past, Volkswagen was required and may in the future be required to implement service measures or recall 
vehicles if there are defects irregularities or critical security vulnerabilities in parts or components that Volkswagen 
sources externally or manufactures in-house. Volkswagen may need to develop new technical solutions that require 
governmental authorization. These measures could be costly and time-consuming, which may lead to warranty-
related provisions and expenses that exceed existing provisions.  
In addition, product recalls or cyber-attacks can harm Volkswagen's reputation and cause it to lose customers, 
particularly if the recalls cause consumers to question the quality, safety, security or reliability of Volkswagen's 
products. Competent authorities have begun assessing potential actions as a result of a finding of excessive lead 
content in vehicle components supplied to automotive manufacturers, including Volkswagen, by their suppliers. 
These components have been used in vehicles sold by Volkswagen and other automotive manufacturers. There is 
a risk that competent authorities may impose, among other things, waste disposal orders and/or fines against 
Volkswagen. 
Product safety, product security and other defects can subject Volkswagen to investigations, fines for non-
compliance, customer complaints and litigation with substantial financial consequences. Volkswagen continues to 
face investigations in connection with the diesel issue, as described under "Government authorities in a number of 
jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding 
findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. 
The results of these and any further investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the 
prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities." In the future, it 
cannot be ruled out that Volkswagen may experience further quality issues in relation to emissions or otherwise. 
Product quality significantly influences consumers' decision to purchase vehicles. Customers increasingly demand 
that Volkswagen assumes the costs of repairs even after the guarantee period has expired. 
A decline in Volkswagen's product quality or customer perception of such decline could harm the image of 
Volkswagen's selected brands or Volkswagen's image as a prime manufacturer, which in turn could have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
2.4.5 
Volkswagen operates complex IT systems and is exposed to risks in the areas of cyber security and new 
regulatory requirements for IT. 
Volkswagen operates comprehensive and complex IT systems. IT risks exist in relation to confidentiality, data 
integrity and availability, and can arise in the form of unauthorized access to, modification of and extraction of 
sensitive electronic corporate or customer data as well as limited systems availability as a consequence of 
downtime and disasters. 
Volkswagen collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, 
proprietary business information of Volkswagen's dealers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable 
information of customers and employees, in data centers (both internal and cloud-based) and on IT networks. The 
secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed 
by these systems and products, is critical to Volkswagen's business operations and strategy. The importance and 
complexity of electronically processed data continues to increase, and applicable data protection laws place 
onerous obligations on Volkswagen's IT systems. The Volkswagen Group, as a globally active enterprise, is subject 
to the growing stringent national and international data protection requirements, including the EU General Data 
Protection Regulation (GDPR), Chinese laws such as the Cyber Security Law (CCSL) or Personal Information 
Protection Law (PIPL) or California Customer Privacy Act (CCPA). New vehicle and software development 
requirements are also the focus of increasing cyber security guidelines and standards in the EU, United States and 
China. In addition, Volkswagen Group is providing more services (business services as well as car and customer-
oriented services through private and public clouds), thus increasing the Group's dependencies on third parties 
such as cloud vendors. Development and provisioning of cloud software and services is characterized by rapid 
iterations and rollouts. As a result, there is an increased risk that existing IT compliance and testing procedures 
will not adequately mitigate IT and information security risks. 
Systems and products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, 
computer viruses, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access 
to these systems and products or otherwise be subject to IT downtime or other interruptions. Further, software and 
hardware of some of Volkswagen's established IT systems are no longer supported by their vendors, which 
increases the difficulty of ensuring that they continue to operate properly and securely. The occurrence of any of 
these events could compromise the operational integrity of these systems and products and could result in the 
compromise or loss of the information processed by these systems and products. Such events could result in, 
among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in Volkswagen's business operations, 
reputational damage or damage to Volkswagen's financial performance and to its relationships with customers and 
suppliers, legal claims or proceedings, or other liability or regulatory penalties. Volkswagen has experienced such 
events in the past and, although past events were immaterial, future events may occur and lead to material adverse 
effects. 
Where economically reasonable, Volkswagen Group intends to harmonize various IT systems. There are risks 
inherent in non-uniform IT systems, such as compatibility issues for both hardware and software or the necessity 
to train personnel for different systems. Additionally, numerous essential functional processes in the development, 
production and sales of vehicles and components depend on computer-controlled applications and cannot be 
carried out without properly functioning IT systems and IT infrastructure. Volkswagen expects further integration 
and implementation of the Internet of Things (IoT) infrastructure that may increase the dependency between 
Volkswagen's infrastructure and that of its partners. Malfunctions or errors in internal or external IT systems and 
networks could have adverse effects on Volkswagen's operations, harm Volkswagen's reputation and expose it to 
regulatory actions or litigation. 
Volkswagen's efforts to mitigate these risks may turn out to be inadequate. The costs (including any insurance) of 
protecting against IT risks are high and could further increase in the future. 
2.4.6 
Volkswagen may not be able to adjust its production capacity sufficiently and timely. 
Production capacity for each vehicle project is planned several years in advance on the basis of expected sales 
developments. Future sales are subject to a wide range of factors, including market dynamics and cannot be 
estimated with certainty. In particular, the ongoing transformation in the automotive industry makes it more 
difficult to forecast future sales of electric, hybrid and traditional vehicles, which increases the risk of 
Volkswagen's production planning. If Volkswagen's sales forecasts prove to be too optimistic, there is a risk that 
available capacity is underutilized, while pessimistic forecasts could lead to capacity being insufficient to meet 
demand. 
Various factors can cause overall demand for vehicles or demand for particular vehicle models to fluctuate. This 
requires Volkswagen to continuously adjust production capacity at its many facilities worldwide. As the range of 
Volkswagen's models grows, while at the same time product lifecycles become shorter, the number of new vehicle

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
start-ups and the risks related to production planning at Volkswagen's sites increase. The processes, quality and 
technical systems used for this are complex and there is thus a risk that vehicle deliveries could be delayed, 
negatively affecting demand and consumer satisfaction. 
Volkswagen utilizes certain measures such as flexible work hours and production network configuration to 
calibrate production capacity. However, Volkswagen or its important suppliers may not be able to adjust 
production capacity sufficiently and timely if demand fluctuates beyond the limits of their organizational and 
technical flexibility. For example, the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has had a material impact on Volkswagen's 
production capacity, leading to the slowdown or temporary closure of Volkswagen facilities worldwide at the start 
of the pandemic. This has presented financial challenges for Volkswagen, as its fixed operating costs could not be 
fully reduced in line with the decrease in sales revenue at the height of the pandemic. Further spread of the SARS-
CoV-2 pandemic, or other events such as violent confrontations – such as the current conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine, may cause these measures to be re-imposed or further measures to be necessary in the future. 
In addition, Volkswagen may not be able to adjust production capacity as planned for political, regulatory or legal 
reasons. Any restructuring measures could lead to significant one-time costs. If Volkswagen's competitors can 
react more effectively, they could gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's 
general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.4.7 
Unforeseen business interruptions to production facilities may lead to production bottlenecks or 
downtime, and deviations from planning in connection with large projects may hinder their realization. 
Volkswagen has numerous production facilities worldwide. The production facilities may be disrupted or 
interrupted. These disruptions or interruptions can occur for reasons beyond Volkswagen's control (such as 
airplane crashes, terrorism, epidemics – such as the recent SARS-CoV-2 pandemic - or natural catastrophes) or 
for other reasons (such as fire, explosion, release of substances harmful to the environment or health, or strikes). 
Operational disruptions and interruptions may lead to significant production downtimes. The rapid spread of 
SARS-CoV-2 has led to regional, national and international restrictions on the business activities of Volkswagen 
and its suppliers and the unavailability of critical workforce, contributing to the decision to slow down or suspend 
production at Volkswagen's facilities worldwide at certain times, affecting Volkswagen's business, financial 
position and results of operation. For example, since the beginning of 2021, a significant shortage of semiconductor 
capacities has led to various supply bottlenecks in the automotive industry, affecting production. 
Volkswagen believes that it maintains a suitable level of insurance with respect to these risks based on a cost 
benefit analysis. However, insurance may not fully cover the aforementioned scenarios. Special risks may arise 
during large projects. In particular, risks may arise from contracting deficiencies, mistakes in costing, post-
contracting changes in economic and technical conditions, deviations in product launches (e.g., launch costs, start 
of production date), weaknesses in project management and poor performance on the part of subcontractors.  
Any production downtime or stoppage, or deviation from planning in connection with a large project, can have a 
material adverse effect on Volkswagen's reputation and general business operations. In the case of insufficient 
insurance coverage, any of these can also have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's net assets, financial 
position and results of operations. 
2.5 
Environmental and Social risks 
2.5.1 
Volkswagen is subject to a range of different environmental regulatory and legal requirements 
worldwide that are constantly changing; and not meeting CO2-related regulations could lead to 
substantial fees, penalties, damages and other materially adverse effects. 
Volkswagen's business operations worldwide are subject to comprehensive and constantly changing government 
regulations. This includes automobile design, manufacture, marketing and after-sales services or measures 
undertaken to encourage customer loyalty to the vehicle and brand following sale, including vehicle recycling, 
vehicle registration and operation regulations, and activities in the financial services sector. Further, Volkswagen 
is subject to numerous regulatory requirements on the national and international level regarding the use, handling 
and storage of various substances (including restrictions or prohibitions on the use of chemicals, heavy metals, 
biocidal products and persistent organic pollutants) in the manufacturing process and their use in Volkswagen's 
products, including the use of parts provided by suppliers, as well as in car-related infrastructure designed or built 
by Volkswagen (i.e., e-charging stations). 
Volkswagen must comply with various regulatory requirements that are not always homogeneous, and which are 
subject to increasing governmental scrutiny and enforcement. This applies in particular to regulatory requirements 
for the protection of the environment, health and safety. Vehicles are particularly affected by regulatory 
requirements concerning fuel economy, CO2 and other emission limits (such as NOx), as well as tax regulations

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
in relation to CO2 or fuel consumption-based motor vehicle tax models. Due to different limits in various countries, 
Volkswagen is often unable to market a vehicle with the same specifications worldwide. In addition, the operation 
of older vehicles (including Volkswagen's own products) has in the past been restricted in major Volkswagen 
markets (Germany, United States, France, China, etc.) by a lowering of regulatory limits (e.g., driving bans in 
cities for older diesel vehicles) after the vehicle's sale in response to, among other things, local air quality and may 
be further restricted in particular cities or regions. 
For example, the European Commission has imposed increasingly strict regulations regarding CO2 emissions of 
all passenger cars (calculated on a fleet average) offered for sale in the European Union. Since 2015, Volkswagen's 
entire new fleet (calculated on yearly registrations) has had to meet a target of 130g CO2/km. From 2020 onward, 
the average industry emissions from all European passenger car fleet has to meet 95g CO2/km. For light 
commercial vehicles, the EU's CO2 regulation sets an industry target of 147g CO2/km. Since 2021, the CO2 targets 
are set and verified according to WLTP. In order to set the new WLPT-based CO2 targets, the old NEDC-based 
CO2 targets are being converted into WLTP-based targets. 
The EU targets for both passenger cars and commercial vehicles are to be further tightened from 2025. For new 
European passenger car fleets, a reduction of 15% compared to 2021 levels will be required from 2025 and, from 
2030 onwards, a reduction of 37.5% will be required. For new light commercial vehicle fleets, from 2025, the 
required reductions will be 15% compared to 2021 levels and 31% from 2030 onwards. Volkswagen anticipates 
that targets can only be achieved through a high proportion of electric vehicles within its fleet. Non-fulfillment of 
the fleet-wide targets incurs an excess emission premium of €95 per exceeded gram of CO2/km per vehicle sold. 
At the same time, regulations governing fleet fuel consumption are in place or are being developed and introduced 
outside the European Union, for example in Brazil, Canada, China, India, Japan, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, South 
Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United States. In China, to receive a 30% tax advantage, manufacturers must, 
among other things, achieve a specified fleet efficiency. The fuel consumption regulations in China for the period 
2021 to 2025 set a target of 4.6 liters/100 km (WLTP). In addition to this legislation on fleet consumption, a so-
called "new energy vehicle quota" applies in China, requiring every manufacturer to increase the share of electric 
vehicles in its total sales. The NEV credit quota for 2021 is 14%, to be fulfilled through battery-electric vehicles, 
plug-in hybrids, or fuel cell vehicles with further increased targets after 2021 by two percentage points annually 
until 2023. Finally, in the United States, current federal fleet consumption regulation and greenhouse gas emissions 
rules are subject to litigation and as a result, are undergoing review and are likely to be revised. Further, California 
is in the process of revising its regulations regarding pollutants. 
Commercial vehicles are also increasingly subject to ever stricter environmental regulations all around the world, 
particularly to regulations relating to climate change and vehicle emissions. The EU has set very ambitious targets 
for reducing CO2 emissions within the next decade for new heavy trucks with a permitted gross weight of over 16 
tonnes. The CO2 emissions from such vehicles must be reduced by 15% by 2025 and 30% by 2030 compared to a 
reference value for a monitoring period from July 2019 to June 2020. Starting in 2025, vehicle manufacturers will 
be liable to substantial penalties for the excess emissions, if they fail to meet their CO2 targets. Such excess 
emission premiums amount to €4,250 per excess gram of CO2/ton-kilometer (tkm) per vehicle for the period from 
2025 to 2029 and €6,800 per excess gram of CO2/tkm per vehicle for the period from 2030 onward.  
As part of the European Green Deal, the European Commission presented its 2030 Climate Target Plan, which 
sets out revised CO2 emissions reduction targets in the EU of at least 55% by 2030 compared to 1990 levels 
(previously 40%). Various regulations and directives are currently being revised to support the achievement of 
climate targets. This may lead to even more stringent requirements for CO2 emissions (fleet limits) for the 
automotive industry. 
Future legislative measures at the level of the European Union, its Member States or other countries (including 
their political subdivisions such as individual States in the United States) may also pose risks for Volkswagen, 
such as risks from the obligation to take back end-of-life vehicles and batteries or risks arising from an integrated 
energy and climate protection program that could require alterations in permitted or favored fuel sources to be 
used in vehicles or could result in significant changes to requirements governing permissible air emissions from 
vehicles. Volkswagen expects that in order to comply with fuel economy and emission control requirements, it 
will be required to offer a significant volume of hybrid or electric vehicles, as well as implement new technologies 
for conventional internal combustion engines, all at increased cost levels. There is no assurance that Volkswagen 
will be able to produce and sell vehicles that use such technologies profitably or that customers will purchase such 
vehicles in the sufficient quantities for Volkswagen to comply with applicable regulations.  
Moreover, Volkswagen has been the target of and may in the future be the target of claims or litigation brought by 
individuals, environmental groups, other NGOs (non-governmental organizations), or governmental agencies on 
alleged emissions, climate change, pollution or other environmental or social grounds, seeking damages or 
injunctive relief against Volkswagen's business or operations, in order to change the Group's business model or

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
products. For example, in November 2021, Greenpeace filed a lawsuit against Volkswagen AG in Germany 
seeking changes in the Group's business due to environmental concerns. 
The costs of compliance with regulatory requirements are considerable, and such costs are likely to increase further 
in the future, given the expected increased scrutiny, regulatory changes that result in increased stringency or novel 
interpretations of current regulations and stricter enforcement by regulators globally. Failure to comply with 
applicable regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fees, damages, recalls, restrictions on or 
revocations of Volkswagen's permits and licenses (including vehicle certifications or other authorizations that must 
be in place before a particular vehicle may be sold in the authorizing jurisdiction), restrictions on or prohibitions 
of business operations, reputational harm and other adverse consequences. 
2.5.2 
Volkswagen is exposed to environmental and security-related liability risks. 
Volkswagen operates complex industrial plants that manufacture, use, store, manage, generate, emit and dispose 
of various substances that may constitute a hazard to human life and health as well as to the environment and 
natural resources. In the past, environmentally hazardous substances from those operations may have entered and 
in the future, may enter the air, watercourses, especially groundwater, or surface or subsurface soils at Volkswagen 
facilities or third-party locations, and the environment, natural resources, human health, life and safety of persons 
and property may have been or may be affected or endangered otherwise because of those environmentally 
hazardous substances. Volkswagen may be jointly or severally liable, possibly regardless of fault and without any 
caps on liability, to remove or clean up such harm and to pay damages, including any resulting natural resource 
damages, arising from those environmentally hazardous substances. These risks could have a material adverse 
effect on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.5.3 
Volkswagen's future success depends on its ability to attract, retain and provide further training to 
qualified employees and managers. 
Volkswagen's success depends substantially on the quality of its employees and senior managers as well as 
employees in key functions. If Volkswagen loses important employees due to turnover, targeted recruiting by 
competitors or others, or age-related departures, this may lead to a significant drain on Volkswagen's know-how. 
Competition for qualified personnel is increasing, particularly in the area of automotive and electrical engineering, 
chemistry, IT, research and development, and is especially intense in areas requiring advanced technological skills. 
In addition, if Volkswagen's employees do not possess the skills and qualifications necessary to advance 
Volkswagen's strategic goals, there is a risk that these objectives (e.g., technological change and digitalization) 
will not be met. If Volkswagen fails to retain qualified personnel to the necessary extent, or if it fails to recruit 
qualified personnel or to continue to train existing personnel, Volkswagen may not reach its strategic and economic 
objectives. 
2.5.4 
Volkswagen is dependent on good relationships with its employees and their unions. 
Personnel expenses are a major cost factor for Volkswagen. Employees at Volkswagen's German locations and at 
a number of foreign subsidiaries have traditionally been heavily unionized. When the current collective agreements 
and collective wage agreements expire, Volkswagen may not be able to conclude new agreements on terms and 
conditions that Volkswagen considers to be reasonable. Furthermore, Volkswagen may be able to conclude such 
agreements only after industrial actions such as strikes or similar measures. If Volkswagen's production or other 
areas of business are affected by industrial actions for an extended period, this may have material adverse effects 
on Volkswagen's business, net assets, financial position and results of operations. In addition, Volkswagen's 
competitors may obtain competitive advantages if they succeed in negotiating collective wage agreements on better 
terms and conditions than Volkswagen. Foreign competitors, in particular, may also obtain competitive advantages 
due to more flexible legal environments. 
In particular, Volkswagen faces risks from the collective wage agreement for long-term plant and job security 
(Zukunftstarifvertrag) entered into with the German Metalworkers Union (Industriegewerkschaft Metall) and the 
German Christian Metalworkers Union (Christliche Gewerkschaft Metall) applicable to Volkswagen's German 
locations. Volkswagen employs approximately 295,000 workers in Germany, or approximately 44% of its 
worldwide employees. This agreement and the pact for the future workforce transformation measures agreed 
between Volkswagen and its employees (Zukunftspakt) may limit Volkswagen's ability to react in a timely manner 
to a change in economic conditions, rules out compulsory redundancies and sets certain limitations on changes to 
the number of employees at German locations, subject to agreed measures on the rebalancing of personnel in 
accordance with Volkswagen's business needs. In addition to the Zukunftspakt, the Board of Management and 
Volkswagen's General Works Council agreed on a digital transformation roadmap, with a focus on, among other 
things, personnel development, that ensures employees are prepared for the new challenges of digitization. There 
can be no assurance that any benefits Volkswagen expects from agreements with its employees will be achieved.

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
2.5.5 
Volkswagen faces risks arising from pension obligations. 
Volkswagen provides retirement benefits to its employees. To determine its pension obligations, Volkswagen 
makes certain assumptions. If these assumptions prove to be inaccurate, Volkswagen's balance sheet or actual 
pension obligations could increase substantially, and Volkswagen would have to raise its pension provisions. 
Existing pension obligations are not fully covered by plan assets. 
Furthermore, if the market value of plan assets falls, Volkswagen may have to substantially increase its pension 
provisions. In particular factors such as currency, interest rate and fluctuations in securities prices may adversely 
affect the value of the plan assets. In such event, the value of the plan assets would fall short of the aggregate 
pension claims and Volkswagen would have to cover the short fall, which could materially adversely affect 
Volkswagen's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.6 
Legal risks 
2.6.1 
Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to 
conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions 
from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further 
investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices 
of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities. 
On September 18, 2015, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") publicly announced in a "Notice of 
Violation" that irregularities in relation to nitrogen oxide ("NOx") emissions had been discovered in emissions 
tests on certain vehicles of Volkswagen Group with type 2.0 l diesel engines in the US. In this context, Volkswagen 
AG announced on September 22, 2015 that noticeable discrepancies between the figures achieved in testing and 
in actual road use had been identified in type EA189 diesel engines and that around eleven million vehicles with 
such engines were sold worldwide. On November 2, 2015, the EPA issued a second "Notice of Violation" alleging 
that irregularities had also been discovered in the software installed in U.S. vehicles with certain 3.0 l diesel 
engines. 
Numerous governmental proceedings seeking damages, recalls and/or technical fixes for affected diesel vehicles, 
criminal and administrative proceedings, consumer claims and investor lawsuits were subsequently initiated in the 
US, Canada, Germany and the rest of the world. In October 2015, Volkswagen AG initiated its own internal 
inquiries and an external investigation. At the end of March 2021, the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG 
announced the completion of the investigation initiated into the causes of and those responsible for the diesel issue. 
The Board resolved to claim damages from Prof. Dr. Martin Winterkorn, former Chair of the Board of 
Management of Volkswagen AG, and from Rupert Stadler, former member of the Board of Management of 
Volkswagen AG and former Chair of the Board of Management of AUDI AG, for breach of their duty of care 
under stock corporation law. The investigation found no breaches of duty by other members of the Volkswagen 
AG Board of Management. The resolution was based on a review of liability claims conducted by a law firm on 
behalf of the Supervisory Board and the negligent breaches of duty identified in the resulting report. The 
investigation covered all members of the Board of Management who were in office during the relevant period. 
Furthermore, claims for damages were asserted against individual former members of the Audi and Porsche boards 
of management. Claims were already asserted against a former member of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars brand 
Board of Management. In June 2021, Volkswagen and Audi entered into damage settlements (liability settlements) 
with Prof. Winterkorn and Mr. Stadler respectively in connection with the diesel issue. Prof. Winterkorn's total 
damage compensation amounts to €11.2 million and that of Mr. Stadler to €4.1 million. Volkswagen has 
furthermore reached agreement with the relevant insurers under its directors and officers liability policies (D&O 
insurance) on payment of an aggregate sum of €270 million (coverage settlement). In addition, agreement was 
reached on damage payments by a former member of Audi's Board of Management and by a former member of 
Porsche's Board of Management. 
From 2015 to 2021, Volkswagen recognized over €30 billion in expenses directly related to the diesel issue, 
adversely affecting its operating profit, financial position and results of operations. Work in respect of the legal 
proceedings that are still pending in the US and the rest of the world is ongoing, will require considerable efforts 
and coordination from Volkswagen, may demand significant management resources, and is expected to continue 
for some time. Ongoing and potential further legal proceedings related to the diesel issue could result in 
considerable further financial charges. 
In coordination with the respective responsible authorities, Volkswagen Group is making technical measures 
available to rectify the diesel issue in affected diesel vehicles worldwide. In this context, within the Volkswagen 
Group, Volkswagen AG has development responsibility for the four-cylinder diesel engines such as the type EA 
189, and AUDI AG has development responsibility for the six- and eight-cylinder diesel engines such as the type

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
V6 3.0 l and V8 diesel engines. These measures have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant expenses 
for the Volkswagen Group. 
In the USA Volkswagen AG and certain affiliates reached settlement agreements with various government 
authorities and private plaintiffs, the latter represented by a Plaintiffs' Steering Committee in a multidistrict 
litigation in the US state of California. These agreements resolved certain civil claims as well as criminal charges 
under US federal law and the laws of certain US states in connection with the diesel issue. As part of the agreements 
entered into with the US Department of Justice ("DOJ") and the State of California (Plea Agreement and Third 
Partial Consent Decrees), an independent compliance monitor and an independent compliance auditor were 
appointed for Volkswagen in 2017 for a term of three years. The term of the Independent Compliance Auditor 
under the Third Partial Consent Decree and the Third California Partial Consent Decree ended in June 2020. 
Furthermore, on September 14, 2020, the term of the Plea Agreement and the term of the Independent Compliance 
Monitor retained pursuant to the Plea Agreement expired as well. Although Volkswagen AG and its subsidiaries 
and affiliates are firmly committed to fulfilling the obligations arising from these agreements, a breach of these 
obligations cannot be completely ruled out. In the event of a violation, significant penalties could be imposed as 
stipulated in the agreements, in addition to the possibility of further monetary fines, criminal sanctions and 
injunctive relief. 
Several thousand consumers initially opted out of the settlement agreements, and many of these consumers filed 
civil lawsuits seeking monetary damages for fraud and violations of state consumer protection acts. Various 
subsequent resolutions have eliminated nearly all claims against Volkswagen by consumers who opted out of the 
settlements. The first opt-out trial was held in late February and early March 2020 in the federal multidistrict 
litigation. In the aggregate, the ten opt-out plaintiffs were awarded a total of $28,735 in compensatory and punitive 
damages combined. Plaintiffs have appealed this decision to the Ninth Circuit; briefing on the appeal was 
completed in November 2021, and oral argument occurred on December 10, 2021. 
In Canada, which has the same NOx emissions limits as the US, Volkswagen has reached settlements with 
consumers relating to 2.0 l and 3.0 l diesel vehicles, which, inter alia, provided for cash payments for completing 
free vehicle emissions modifications, buy-backs/trade-ins and early lease terminations, as applicable. In 
connection with these consumer settlements, Volkswagen Group Canada and the Canadian Competition Bureau 
reached civil resolutions related to consumer protection issues in relation to the 2.0 l and 3.0 l diesel engines. 
Outside the US and Canada, Volkswagen has also reached agreements with regard to the implementation of 
technical measures with numerous authorities. 
In agreement with the respective responsible authorities, the Volkswagen Group made technical measures 
available worldwide for virtually all diesel vehicles with type EA 189 engines. In the European Union (EU 27), 
the German Federal Motor Transport Authority ("KBA"– Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt) ascertained for all clusters 
(groups of vehicles) that implementation of the technical measures would not bring about any adverse changes in 
fuel consumption figures, CO2 emission figures, engine output, maximum torque, and noise emissions. 
Nevertheless, the proposed technical measures are currently under varying stages of implementation and under 
consideration by the KBA. 
Following the studies carried out by AUDI AG to check all relevant diesel concepts for possible irregularities and 
retrofit potentials, measures proposed by AUDI AG have been adopted and mandated by the KBA in various recall 
orders pertaining to vehicle models with V6 and V8 TDI engines. Currently, AUDI AG assumes that the total cost, 
including the amount based on recalls, of the ongoing largely software based retrofit program that began in July 
2017 will be manageable and has recognized corresponding balance-sheet risk provisions. However, if AUDI AG's 
assumptions are incorrect and costs exceed expectations and balance-sheet provisions, AUDI AG and 
Volkswagen's results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. AUDI AG has in the meantime 
developed software updates for many of the affected powertrains and, after approval by the KBA, already installed 
these updates in the vehicles of a large number of affected customers. The few software updates still being 
developed are expected to be submitted to the KBA for approval early in the second quarter of 2022. 
Worldwide, responsible authorities are continuing their review and assessment of the diesel concepts and of the 
technical solutions. Volkswagen may be required to repurchase vehicles sold in the US, Germany, Canada and 
elsewhere. This could lead to further significant costs. In 2018, the Korean Ministry of Environment ("KME") 
ordered a recall after it categorized (i) certain emissions strategies in the engine control software of various AUDI, 
Volkswagen and Porsche brand diesel vehicles with a V6 or V8 engine, and (ii) the Dynamic Shift Program (DSP) 
in the gearbox control in some AUDI vehicle models, as prohibited defeat devices. On August 21, 2019, the KME 
further announced that it has categorized an injection strategy of urea solution as an illegal emission defeat device 
and (i) revoked the certifications of eight AUDI, Volkswagen and Porsche brand diesel vehicles with V6 engines, 
(ii) issued a recall order and administrative fines, and (iii) referred the manufacturers to the prosecutors' office in 
criminal proceedings. In addition, AUDI AG is responding to requests from the U.S. authorities for information

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
regarding automatic gearboxes in certain vehicles. Furthermore, if the technical solutions implemented by 
Volkswagen in order to rectify the diesel issue are not implemented in a timely or effective manner or have an 
undisclosed negative effect on the performance, fuel consumption or resale value of the affected vehicles, 
regulatory proceedings and/or customer claims for damages could be brought in the future. Further field measures 
with financial consequences cannot be ruled out completely at this time. 
Alongside coordination with authorities on technical measures, there are ongoing criminal and administrative 
proceedings in relation to the diesel issue in the US, Germany and other countries worldwide. 
In the US, Volkswagen has entered into agreements to resolve federal criminal liability relating to the diesel issue 
and to resolve civil penalties and injunctive relief under the U.S. Clean Air Act and other civil claims relating to 
the diesel issue. As part of its plea agreement, Volkswagen AG has pleaded guilty to three felony counts under US 
law – including conspiracy to commit fraud, obstruction of justice and using false statements to import cars into 
the US – and has been sentenced to three years' probation. DOJ investigations into the conduct of various 
individuals who may be responsible for criminal violations relating to the diesel issue remain ongoing. Volkswagen 
is required to cooperate with these investigations. In the event of non-compliance with the terms of the plea 
agreement, Volkswagen could face further penalties and prosecution. Volkswagen has also reached separate 
settlement agreements with the attorneys general of every U.S. state to resolve existing or potential consumer 
protection and unfair trade practices claims. Volkswagen has also settled the environmental claims of certain states. 
However, one state and certain municipalities still have pending state or local environmental law claims against 
Volkswagen. Furthermore, there is a risk that other states or jurisdictions may pursue similar claims, following 
decisions of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on June 1, 2020 and the Ohio Supreme Court on June 
29, 2021 that permitted certain environmental claims to proceed. On November 15, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court 
declined to review those decisions. 
Investigations by various U.S. regulatory and other government authorities, including in areas relating to securities, 
tax and financing, are ongoing. In March 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern 
District of California against Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Group of America Finance LLC, VW Credit Inc., 
asserting claims under US federal securities law based, among other things, on alleged misstatements and 
omissions in connection with the offer and sale of certain bonds and asset-backed securities. The SEC complaint 
seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of allegedly ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil 
penalties. In August 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part Volkswagen's motion to dismiss. The claims 
dismissed by the court included all claims against VW Credit, Inc. related to asset-backed securities. In September 
2020, the SEC filed an amended complaint that, among other things, removed the dismissed claims. In addition, 
in May 2018, U.S. federal prosecutors unsealed charges in Detroit against, among others, former Volkswagen 
CEO, Martin Winterkorn, which had been filed under seal in March 2018. Prof. Winterkorn is charged with a 
conspiracy to defraud the US, to commit wire fraud, and to violate the Clean Air Act from at least May 2006 
through at least November 2015, as well as three counts of wire fraud. Should these proceedings result in adverse 
court decisions against the individuals involved, this could have a negative impact on the outcome of other 
proceedings against Volkswagen and/or could have other material adverse financial consequences. 
In Canada, in December 2019, the Canadian federal environmental regulator filed charges against Volkswagen 
AG in respect of 2.0 l and 3.0 l Volkswagen and Audi vehicles at the conclusion of its criminal enforcement-
related investigation into the diesel issue. Volkswagen AG cooperated with the investigation and agreed to a plea 
resolution addressing all of the charges. In January 2020, Volkswagen AG pleaded guilty to the charges and agreed 
to pay a penalty of CAD 196.5 million, which was approved by the court. Following this approval, the Ontario 
provincial environmental regulator withdrew its action against Volkswagen AG charging a quasi-criminal 
enforcement-related offense with respect to certain Volkswagen and Audi 2.0 l diesel vehicles. As to pending 
matters in Canada, an environmental class action has been authorized on behalf of residents in Quebec. This 
environmental class action was authorized by the court on the sole issue of whether punitive damages could be 
recovered and on the basis that unresolved questions about the viability of plaintiffs' damages theory were 
determined to be a matter for trial. The case has been settled for a lump sum payment of CAD 6.7 million and the 
settlement is now before the court awaiting approval. Other class action and joinder lawsuits have also been filed 
against Volkswagen in Canada, including alleged consumer protection and securities claims, asserting damages 
among other things. While a class action filed in Quebec provincial court was authorized as to claims relating to 
Volkswagen AG's shares, ADRs and debt securities, the case was dismissed by the Quebec court on April 16, 2020 
for lack of jurisdiction. That decision was upheld by the Quebec Court of Appeal. A similar class action pertaining 
to shares and ADRs was also filed in the Province of Ontario. On August 15, 2018, the Ontario proceeding was 
dismissed by the Ontario court. While an appeal from this Ontario court ruling was noticed on September 14, 2018, 
the appeal was resolved before a hearing and dismissed.  
In addition to the U.S. and Canadian proceedings, criminal investigations/misdemeanor proceedings have been 
opened in Germany by, among others, the public prosecutor's offices in Braunschweig, Stuttgart and Munich and

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority ("BaFin" – Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). 
Some of these regulatory offense proceedings against Volkswagen AG were terminated in 2018 and 2019, with 
the authorities issuing administrative notices imposing fines on Volkswagen Group companies. The related BaFin 
proceedings have been finally terminated. 
Proceedings are ongoing in relation to current and former employees of Volkswagen. In September 2019, the 
public prosecutor's office in Braunschweig has issued indictments against one current and two former Volkswagen 
AG Board of Management members regarding their possible involvement in potential market manipulation in 
connection with the diesel issue. In July 2018, the public prosecutor's office in Braunschweig formally opened a 
misdemeanor proceeding in this regard against Volkswagen AG. In April 2019, the Braunschweig public 
prosecutors brought criminal charges, among others, against former Volkswagen CEO, Martin Winterkorn, in 
relation to alleged crimes tied to the diesel issue. The September 2019 proceedings have been finally dismissed 
with regard to one current and one former board member and with regard to Volkswagen AG, while the September 
2019 proceedings with regard to the former CEO of Volkswagen AG, Martin Winterkorn, have been provisionally 
terminated. The Stuttgart public prosecutor's office also confirmed that it was investigating, among others, the 
former CEO of Volkswagen AG, Martin Winterkorn, in his capacity as member of the management board of 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE ("Porsche SE"), regarding his possible involvement in potential market 
manipulation in connection with this same issue. Meanwhile, the Stuttgart proceedings with regard to Martin 
Winterkorn have been provisionally terminated while the investigation against other persons in this context have 
been finally terminated. Moreover, the Stuttgart public prosecutor's office has commenced a criminal investigation 
into the diesel issue against one board member and several employees of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG ("Porsche 
AG"), on suspicion of fraud and illegal advertising. Furthermore, the public prosecutor's office at the Munich II 
Regional Court is investigating certain current and former employees in connection with the alleged anomalies in 
the NOx emissions of certain Audi vehicles with diesel engines in the US and Europe. In July 2019, the Munich 
II public prosecutor brought criminal charges against, among others, former Audi CEO, Rupert Stadler, in relation 
to alleged crimes tied to the diesel issue. In June 2020, the Munich II Regional Court allowed the prosecution's 
charges in respect to four suspects, including the former Audi CEO, and opened the main proceedings. The trial 
began in September 2020. Should any of these ongoing proceedings, especially those headed against (former) 
board members, result in final criminal court decisions against these individuals, it could result in substantial 
additional costs and have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of 
operations, and reputation, and could have an impact on the consolidated financial statements and on the group 
management report for 2019 and prior years. 
There are additional regulatory, criminal and/or civil proceedings in several jurisdictions worldwide. Volkswagen 
continues to cooperate with government authorities. However, there is a risk the criminal administrative 
proceedings discussed above, or any other further claims that may arise, could ultimately result in further fines for 
Volkswagen. 
Customers, consumer associations and/or environmental associations in the affected markets have filed civil 
lawsuits against Volkswagen AG, other Volkswagen Group companies and non-Volkswagen Group importers and 
dealers involved in the sales process. In addition, it is possible that importers and dealers could assert claims 
against Volkswagen, for example through recourse claims. Further lawsuits are possible. 
Product related class action, collective or mass proceedings against Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group 
companies are pending in various countries such as Belgium, Brazil, England and Wales, France, Germany, Italy, 
the Netherlands, Portugal, South Africa and the US. These proceedings are lawsuits aimed among other things at 
asserting damages, rescission of the purchase contracts or seeking declaratory judgments that customers are 
entitled to damages. Many of these proceedings are in an early procedural stage and it is difficult to assess their 
prospects of success or to quantify the exposure. In some proceedings it is even impossible to define the claimants' 
precise causes of action or allegations. However, should these actions be resolved in favor of the claimants, they 
could result in significant civil damages, fines, the imposition of penalties, sanctions, injunctions and other 
consequences for Volkswagen. 
Individual product-related lawsuits and similar proceedings are pending against Volkswagen AG and other 
Volkswagen Group companies in multiple countries relating to various diesel engine types, most of these lawsuits 
are seeking damages or rescission of purchase contracts. In Germany, there are around 60 thousand such individual 
lawsuits. 
Furthermore, private and institutional investors from Germany and other jurisdictions (including the U.S. and 
Canada) have filed claims seeking significant damages against Volkswagen AG, in some cases along with Porsche 
SE – as joint and several debtors – based on purported losses due to alleged misconduct in capital market 
communications in connection with the diesel issue. The claims relate to Volkswagen AG's shares and other 
securities, including bonds, issued by Volkswagen Group companies, as well as third-party securities. The vast

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
majority of these investor lawsuits are currently pending at the Braunschweig Regional Court, with further investor 
lawsuits filed at the Stuttgart Regional Court. Further investor claims could be brought.  
In August 2016, the Braunschweig Regional Court ordered that common issues of law and fact relevant to the 
lawsuits pending at the Braunschweig Regional Court be referred to the Higher Regional Court 
(Oberlandesgericht) in Braunschweig for binding declaratory rulings pursuant to the German Act on Model Case 
Proceedings in Disputes under Capital Markets Law (Capital Markets Model Case Act – KapMuG 
(Kapitalanleger-Musterverfahrensgesetz)). The lawsuits filed with the Braunschweig Regional Court are stayed 
pending resolution of the common issues, unless the cases can be dismissed for reasons independent of the common 
issues that are to be adjudicated in the model case proceedings. The resolution in the model case proceedings of 
the common issues of law and fact will be binding for the pending cases that have been stayed in the described 
manner. The model case plaintiff is Deka Investment GmbH. Oral argument in the model case proceeding before 
the Braunschweig Higher Regional Court began in September 2018 and are being continued at subsequent 
hearings. The latest indication from the court was that it may take evidence on certain points. 
At the Stuttgart Regional Court, further investor lawsuits have been filed against Volkswagen AG, in some cases 
along with Porsche SE as joint and several debtor. A further investor action for binding declaratory ruling pursuant 
to the KapMuG is pending before the Stuttgart Higher Regional Court against Porsche SE; Volkswagen AG is 
involved in this action as a third party intervening in support of a party to the dispute. The Wolverhampton City 
Council, Administrating Authority for the West Midlands Metropolitan Authorities Pension Fund, has been 
appointed model case plaintiff. Oral argument in this case began in July 2021 and is to be continued. 
In the Netherlands, a shareholder association filed an unquantified lawsuit seeking a determination that 
Volkswagen AG supposedly misled the capital markets. The lawsuit was withdrawn in early July 2021 after the 
European Court of Justice had denied international jurisdiction of the Netherland's courts in a similar case. 
Volkswagen AG consented to the withdrawal of the action, thereby terminating the litigation, but not precluding 
subsequent litigation. 
The investor lawsuits, judicial applications for dunning procedures and conciliation proceedings, and claims under 
the KapMuG that are currently pending against Volkswagen AG in connection with the diesel issue outside the 
US and Canada amount to an aggregated exposure of approximately €9.5 billion (plus accessory claims). 
In the U.S., a putative class action has also been filed on behalf of purchasers of certain USD-denominated 
Volkswagen bonds, alleging that these bonds were trading at artificially inflated prices due to Volkswagen's 
alleged misstatements and omissions to disclose material facts, and that the value of these bonds declined after the 
EPA issued its "Notices of Violation". This lawsuit has also been consolidated in the federal multidistrict litigation 
proceeding in the State of California described above. On June 25, 2021, the Ninth Circuit granted Volkswagen's 
interlocutory appeal, reversing the district court's denial of Volkswagen's motion for summary judgment. In July 
2021, plaintiff petitioned the Ninth Circuit for rehearing either before the original panel or en banc. On September 
23, 2021, the Ninth Circuit denied the petition for rehearing or rehearing en banc. On October 12, 2021, the Ninth 
Circuit issued the mandate formally entering its judgment of reversal and remanding to the district court for 
determination as to whether summary judgment should be granted. No provisions have been recognized. In 
addition, contingent liabilities have not been disclosed as they currently cannot be measured. 
Overall, from 2015 to 2021, Volkswagen recognized over €30 billion in expenses directly related to the diesel 
issue, adversely affecting its operating profit, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition, as of December 31, 2021, contingent liabilities were disclosed in relation to the diesel issue in the 
aggregate amount of €4.3 billion (December 31, 2020: €4.2 billion), of which lawsuits filed by investors account 
for €3.6 billion (December 31, 2020: €3.5 billion). Also included are certain elements of the class action lawsuits 
relating to the diesel issue as well as criminal proceedings/misdemeanor proceedings as far as these can be 
quantified. As some of these proceedings are still at a very early stage, the plaintiffs have in a number of cases so 
far not specified the basis of their claims and/or there is insufficient certainty about the number of plaintiffs, or the 
amounts being claimed. 
Evaluating known information and making reliable estimates for provisions is a continuous process. The 
provisions recognized, and the contingent liabilities disclosed as well as the other latent legal risks in the context 
of the diesel issue are in part subject to substantial estimation risks given the complexity of the individual relevant 
factors and the ongoing coordination with the authorities, and that the fact-finding efforts – excluding the 
investigations by the Supervisory Board – have not yet been concluded. As a result, Volkswagen could be subject 
to further considerable financial charges that exceed its current estimates. Furthermore, new information not 
known to Volkswagen's Board of Management at present may surface, requiring further revaluation of the amounts 
estimated. Considerable financial charges may be incurred, and further substantial provisions may be necessary as 
the issues and legal risks, fines and penalties crystallize.

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
In addition to ongoing, extensive investigations by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions worldwide, 
further investigations (including in relation to areas carved out of the plea agreement with the U.S. authorities, 
such as tax) could be launched in the future and existing investigations could be expanded. Furthermore, there 
could be pending or threatened claims against the Volkswagen Group of which Volkswagen's management is not 
yet aware. Ongoing and future investigations may result in further legal actions being taken against Volkswagen 
or some of its employees. These actions could include the following: additional assessments of substantial criminal 
and civil fines as well as forfeiture of gains; the imposition of penalties, sanctions and injunctions against future 
conduct; the loss of vehicle type certifications; and sales stops and business restrictions. The timing of the release 
of new information on the investigations and the maximum amount of penalties that may be imposed cannot be 
reliably determined at present. New information may arise at any time, including after the offer, sale and delivery 
of the Notes. 
Any of the above-described negative developments could result in substantial additional costs and have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as on the 
prices of its securities and its capability to make payments under its securities, including the Notes. 
Moreover, the issues described above have caused or could cause the following effects: 
• 
damage to Volkswagen's reputation or brand image and impairment of Volkswagen's relationship with 
customers, dealers, suppliers, other important business partners, employees and investors, which could be 
exacerbated by negative publicity and perception that Volkswagen is insufficiently communicating these 
developments; 
• 
lower sales, sales prices and margins and higher marketing and sales expenses for new and used Volkswagen 
Group vehicles, including the cost of Volkswagen having to perform inspections of vehicles free of charge 
which could have an adverse impact on Volkswagen's ability to compete, as a result of which Volkswagen 
could lose significant sales revenue; 
• 
higher product inventories, which could increase working capital requirements; 
• 
an adverse impact on Volkswagen's ability to pursue its strategic goals; 
• 
an impairment of Volkswagen's ability to obtain financing required to maintain its operations, rendering 
Volkswagen's funding sources less efficient and more costly. Volkswagen's credit ratings have been 
downgraded in the wake of these findings and could be subject to further downgrades, see "Financial risks — 
Volkswagen may not succeed in refinancing its capital requirements in due time and to the extent necessary, 
or at all. There is also a risk that Volkswagen may refinance on unfavorable terms and conditions."; 
• 
an early redemption of asset-backed securities with respect to which Volkswagen Group vehicles with diesel 
engines serve as collateral; 
• 
Volkswagen having to dispose of certain assets, brands, subsidiaries or investments at prices below their fair 
market value in order to cover emissions-related financial liabilities, especially if the timing of any emissions-
related payments leads to constraints on Volkswagen's cash flows; and 
• 
an erosion of Volkswagen's competitive position due to reduced investments. 
The majority of the investigations, proceedings and litigation are ongoing at this time. These proceedings could 
take an extended period of time to resolve, and Volkswagen cannot predict when they will be completed or what 
their outcomes will be, including the potential effect that their results or the reactions of third parties thereto may 
have on Volkswagen's business. 
Future developments in these investigations, proceedings and litigation, the need to respond to the requests of 
governmental authorities and private plaintiffs, and the need to cooperate in these proceedings, especially if 
Volkswagen is not able to resolve these matters in a timely manner, could divert management's attention and 
resources from other issues facing Volkswagen's business. 
The results of these and any future investigations, proceedings and litigation may have a material adverse effect 
on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as on the prices of its 
securities and its ability to make payments under its securities and may result in a negative net cash flow. If 
Volkswagen's efforts to address, manage and remediate the issues described above are not successful, 
Volkswagen's business, reputation and competitive position could suffer substantial and irreparable harm. 
Additionally, the emissions issue could affect or exacerbate the impact of the other risks Volkswagen faces as 
described in this Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
2.6.2 
The diesel issue led to a review and ongoing reforms of Volkswagen's internal controls, compliance 
function and company culture. If these reforms are not implemented or maintained and future material 
compliance failures occur, Volkswagen could be exposed to significant adverse consequences. 
In the wake of the diesel issue and in accordance with the settlement agreements between Volkswagen and the 
U.S. government, Volkswagen initiated programs and projects to enhance its internal controls, procedures and 
compliance systems to strengthen its culture of integrity and accountability. Behaving with integrity is a 
prerequisite for Volkswagen's future commercial success. 
Among other things, Volkswagen's efforts include improvements of internal controls for its product development 
process and the testing of vehicles, reforms of its whistleblower system, revisions to its code of conduct, increased 
employee training, improvements to its risk assessment systems, and creation of a centralized integrity 
management function by setting up a new Board of Management position for Integrity and Legal Affairs. The so-
called Golden Rules (internal procedures developed to optimize Volkswagen's operational internal control system) 
set forth certain minimum requirements for engine control unit software development, emission certification and 
escalation management.  
In addition, pursuant to the settlement agreements with the U.S. authorities, Volkswagen was required to retain for 
a three-year period an external Independent Compliance Monitor ("Monitor") and Compliance Auditor 
("Auditor") to review and audit Volkswagen's compliance with its obligations under the Plea Agreement and 
Third Partial Consent Decrees, respectively. Larry D. Thompson was appointed as the Monitor and Auditor in 
April 2017. Mr. Thompson subsequently prepared and submitted a number of review reports pursuant to the Plea 
Agreement throughout his appointment. On August 14, 2020, Volkswagen's CEO and CFO certified to the DOJ 
that Volkswagen had met its disclosure obligations pursuant to the Plea Agreement. On September 1, 2020, the 
Monitor certified to DOJ that Volkswagen's compliance program, including its policies and procedures, is 
reasonably designed and implemented to prevent and detect violations of anti-fraud and environmental laws, 
pursuant to the Plea Agreement and, on September 14, 2020, the term of the Monitor and term of the Plea 
Agreement expired. 
Additionally, on August 17, 2018 and August 16, 2019, Mr. Thompson submitted his first and second annual 
reports under the Third Partial Consent Decrees. On June 16, 2020, Mr. Thompson submitted his third and final 
annual report under the Third Partial Consent Decrees. The term of the Auditor under the Third Partial Consent 
Decree and the Third California Partial Consent Decree ended in June 2020. 
On August 13, 2019, Volkswagen and the US Environmental Protection Agency entered into an administrative 
agreement with a three-year term, seeking to resolve all administrative matters that relate to suspension and 
debarment arising from the Plea Agreement. Pursuant to the administrative agreement, Volkswagen has also 
retained an Independent EPA Auditor for the duration of this agreement.  
The goal of these measures is to reinforce Volkswagen's governance and compliance to help deter and prevent 
future misconduct. Nevertheless, there remains a risk that Volkswagen fails to effectively implement or maintain 
the revised rules and procedures and that employees do not comply with them or otherwise fail to act in a lawful 
manner at all times. Furthermore, Volkswagen may face conflicts between requests for information in the context 
of various US agreements entered into in connection with the diesel issue on the one hand and both German and 
international data protection requirements on the other. Any of the above factors could lead to penalties, liabilities, 
reputational damage and materially adverse business consequences. In addition, violations of Volkswagen's 
obligations under the settlement agreements cannot be ruled out. In this case, significant penalties could be 
imposed as stipulated in the agreements, in addition to the possibility of further monetary fines, criminal sanctions 
and injunctive relief. 
2.6.3 
Volkswagen's compliance and risk management systems may prove to be inadequate to prevent and 
discover breaches of laws and regulations and to identify, measure and take appropriate 
countermeasures against all relevant risks. 
In connection with its worldwide business operations, Volkswagen must comply with a range of legislative 
requirements in a number of countries. Volkswagen maintains a compliance management system that supports 
Volkswagen's operational business processes, helps to ensure compliance with legislative provisions and, where 
necessary, initiates appropriate countermeasures. 
Members of Volkswagen's governing bodies, employees, authorized representatives or agents may violate 
applicable laws, and internal standards and procedures. Volkswagen may not be able to identify such violations, 
evaluate them correctly or take appropriate countermeasures. Furthermore, Volkswagen's compliance and risk 
management systems may not be appropriate to the company's size, complexity and geographical diversification 
and may fail for various reasons. In addition, on the basis of experience, Volkswagen cannot rule out that, for

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
example in contract negotiations connected with business initiation, members of Volkswagen's governing bodies, 
employees, authorized representatives or agents have accepted, granted or promised advantages for themselves, 
Volkswagen or third parties, have applied comparable unfair business practices, or continue to do so. Volkswagen's 
compliance system may not be sufficient to prevent such actions. See also "Government authorities in a number 
of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding 
findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. 
The results of these and any further investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the 
prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities." and "The diesel 
issue led to a review and ongoing reforms of Volkswagen's internal controls, compliance function and company 
culture. If these reforms are not implemented or maintained and future material compliance failures occur, 
Volkswagen could be exposed to significant adverse consequences." 
The occurrence of these risks may result in a reputational loss and various adverse legal consequences, such as the 
imposition of fines and penalties on Volkswagen or members of its governing bodies or employees, or the assertion 
of damages claims. Volkswagen is particularly exposed to these risks with respect to its minority interests and 
joint ventures, as well as its listed subsidiaries, where it is difficult and, in some cases, possible only to a limited 
extent to integrate these entities fully into Volkswagen's compliance and risk management systems. 
2.6.4 
Volkswagen may fail to adequately protect its intellectual property and know-how or may be liable for 
infringement of third-party intellectual property. 
Volkswagen owns a large number of patents and other intellectual property rights, a number of which are of 
essential importance to Volkswagen's business success. Despite ownership of these rights, Volkswagen may fail 
to enforce claims against third parties to the extent required or desired. Volkswagen's intellectual property rights 
may be challenged, and Volkswagen may not be able to secure such rights in the future. In particular, there is a 
heightened risk that Volkswagen may not be in a position to secure all necessary intellectual property rights with 
respect to the development of new technologies, as part of Volkswagen's collaborative partnerships or otherwise. 
Furthermore, third parties (including joint venture partners or partners in collaborative projects) may violate 
Volkswagen's patents and other intellectual property rights and Volkswagen may not be able to prevent such 
violations for legal or practical reasons. This applies to product piracy where Volkswagen's vehicles and 
components are copied, possibly with poor quality, resulting in additional reputational and warranty risks. Trade 
secrets and know-how that cannot be safeguarded through intellectual property rights are also important for 
Volkswagen's business success. Volkswagen may be unable to prevent disclosure of trade secrets. 
Volkswagen may also infringe patents, trademarks or other third-party rights or may not have validly acquired 
service inventions. Furthermore, Volkswagen may not obtain the licenses necessary for its business success on 
reasonable terms in the future. If Volkswagen is alleged or determined to have violated third-party intellectual 
property rights, it may have to pay damages, modify manufacturing processes, redesign products or may be barred 
from marketing certain products. Volkswagen could also face costly litigation. These risks could lead to delivery 
and production restrictions or interruptions and materially adversely affect Volkswagen's general business 
activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.6.5 
Volkswagen is exposed to risks in connection with product-related guarantees and warranties as well 
as the provision of voluntary services, in particular in relation to recall campaigns. 
As a result of contractual and legal provisions, Volkswagen is obliged to provide extensive warranties to its dealers, 
importers and national distributors (quality defect liability) as well as, in certain countries, to customers. 
Volkswagen may face additional liability depending on the applicable laws and contractual obligations. 
As a rule, Volkswagen forms provisions for these obligations on an ongoing basis. Nevertheless, relative to the 
guarantees and warranties that it grants, Volkswagen may have set the calculated product prices and the provisions 
for guarantee and warranty risks too low or may do so in the future. Volkswagen's suppliers have also provided 
guarantees and warranties, however, when claims are made against them, these suppliers may not be able to fulfill 
their obligations. Furthermore, costs associated with electric vehicles could be significantly higher in the future 
than originally thought (for example, recalls may be more expensive than for internal combustion vehicles; claims 
for damages after serious accidents may be higher and raw material prices relevant to electric mobility may 
increase). 
Supervisory authorities may request that Volkswagen performs recall campaigns and could compel a recall and 
modification of Volkswagen's products or components included in Volkswagen's products. Frequently, such 
recalls concern a small number of vehicles. However, substantial numbers of vehicles could also be affected. The

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
risk of a recall of a substantial number of vehicles could be exacerbated due to Volkswagen's application of 
modular vehicle components that are used for the production of vehicles across brands and classes. 
Due to the diesel issue, Volkswagen was ordered to initiate a comprehensive recall in various jurisdictions to 
retrofit certain of its vehicles to bring their emissions systems into compliance with pollution regulations. For more 
information, see "Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are 
continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust 
emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further 
investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's 
business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices of its securities, including 
the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities." The related costs incurred to date are considerable 
and there could be additional substantial costs. There could be future recalls affecting additional jurisdictions and 
vehicles. The recalls could pose significant challenges to Volkswagen's dealers. Depending on the required repairs, 
in particular in the United States and Canada, dealers may lack sufficient technical capacities to implement the 
works on time. In addition, dealers may experience liquidity issues. To the extent Volkswagen is required to 
provide support to its dealer network in connection with any recalls, in particular in the United States, it may incur 
significant costs. Moreover, Volkswagen could be required to compensate dealers for any litigation claims they 
might face vis-a-vis their customers. 
On May 5, 2016, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) announced, jointly with the 
Takata company, a further extension of the recall for various models from different manufacturers containing 
certain airbags produced by the Takata company. Recalls were also requested by the local authorities in individual 
countries. The recalls also included models manufactured by the Volkswagen Group. Appropriate provisions have 
been recognized. Furthermore, in May 2020, Volkswagen agreed with NHTSA on future recalls of models with a 
certain type of Takata airbag inflators in the USA. Based on findings from Volkswagen's analysis program, further 
models were voluntarily recalled in certain countries with specific climate conditions. Currently, the possibility of 
further extensions to the recalls, in the U.S. or other countries worldwide, that could also affect Volkswagen Group 
models cannot be ruled out and could, therefore, have an adverse financial impact. 
Volkswagen may not have claims against third parties (for example suppliers) for expenses and costs associated 
with recalls or part exchanges. Volkswagen may have designed products with product defects or may manufacture 
faulty products. Moreover, Volkswagen may provide services as a courtesy or for reputational reasons although 
Volkswagen is not legally obligated to do so. 
2.6.6 
Volkswagen's existing insurance coverage may not be sufficient and insurance premiums may 
increase. 
Volkswagen has obtained insurance coverage in relation to a number of risks associated with its business activities 
that are subject to standard exclusions, such as willful misconduct. However, Volkswagen may suffer losses or 
claimants may bring claims that exceed the type and scope of Volkswagen's existing insurance coverage. 
Significant losses could lead to higher insurance premium payments. In addition, there are risks left intentionally 
uninsured based on Volkswagen's cost benefit analysis (such as, but not limited to, business interruption, 
interruptions following marine cargo damage, supplier insolvency, industrial disputes, specific natural hazards or 
comprehensive car cover), and Volkswagen therefore has no insurance against these events. 
Where the risks arising from legal disputes and investigations can be assessed and insurance coverage is 
economically sensible, Volkswagen has purchased customary insurance coverage or recognized provisions or 
contingent liabilities in relation to these risks. However, as certain risks cannot be estimated or can be estimated 
only with difficulty, Volkswagen may incur losses that are not covered by insurance or provisions. In particular, 
this is the case concerning estimations of legal risks arising out of the diesel issue. As a result, legal risks could 
have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's reputation, business, net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
If Volkswagen sustains damages for which there is no or insufficient insurance coverage, or if it has to pay higher 
insurance premiums or encounters restrictions on insurance coverage, this may materially adversely affect 
Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.6.7 
Volkswagen is exposed to tax risks, which could arise in particular as a result of tax audits or as a 
result of past measures. 
Volkswagen AG and its subsidiaries have operations worldwide and are audited by local tax authorities on an 
ongoing basis. Amendments to tax laws and changes in legal precedent and their interpretation by the tax 
authorities in the respective countries may lead to tax payments that differ from the estimates made in the financial 
statements.

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
Risks arise particularly from tax assessment of the cross-border supply of intragroup goods and services. Through 
organizational measures, such as the implementation of an advance pricing agreement as well as the monitoring 
of transfer prices, Volkswagen is constantly monitoring the development of tax risks as well as the impact thereof 
on its consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, German tax authorities may not accept all costs, expenses, 
fines or similar liabilities incurred by Volkswagen and its subsidiaries in Germany as a result of the diesel issue as 
tax deductible business expense. 
Tax provisions were recognized for potential future tax payments for former years, while other provisions were 
recognized for ancillary tax payments arising in this connection. 
Volkswagen's provisions for tax risks may be insufficient to cover any actual settlement amount. Risks may also 
arise due to changes in tax laws or accounting principles. The occurrence of these risks could have a material 
adverse effect on Volkswagen's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.6.8 
In Germany, investors have brought conciliation and legal proceedings against Volkswagen AG in 
connection with Porsche SE's acquisition of Volkswagen AG shares, claiming significant damages for 
alleged breaches of capital market laws. 
In 2011, ARFB Anlegerschutz UG (haftungsbeschränkt) brought an action against Volkswagen AG and Porsche 
SE claiming damages for allegedly violating disclosure requirements under capital market law in connection with 
the acquisition of ordinary shares in Volkswagen AG by Porsche SE in 2008. The damages currently being sought 
are based on allegedly assigned rights and amount to approximately €2.26 billion plus interest. In April 2016, the 
District Court in Hanover had formulated numerous objects of declaratory judgement that the Cartel Senate of the 
Higher Regional Court (Oberlandesgericht) in Celle will decide on in model case proceedings under the German 
Capital Markets Model Case Act (KapMuG — Kapitalanleger-Musterverfahrensgesetz). In the first hearing on 
October 12, 2017, the Senate indicated that it currently does not see claims against Volkswagen AG as justified, 
both in view of a lack of substantiated submissions and for legal reasons. The Senate also held that some of the 
desired objects of declaratory judgment on the litigants' side may be inadmissible. 
The Higher Regional Court currently reviews the submissions of the parties and has yet to render a decision as 
many hearings have been cancelled, among other things due to motions for recusal filed by the plaintiff side (so 
far in all cases without success) and, more recently, as a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. 
Volkswagen AG continues to consider the alleged claims to be without merit. However, in the event of a settlement 
or an unfavorable decision in the legal proceedings, Volkswagen AG could sustain considerable losses. 
2.6.9 
The European Commission's antitrust proceedings involving Scania AB and MAN SE have resulted 
in the imposition of fines and further damages are being sought. Volkswagen is also subject to further 
antitrust investigations. 
In 2011, the European Commission conducted searches at the premises of several European truck manufacturers 
on suspicion of violations of EU antitrust rules in the European truck sector and issued a statement of objections 
to MAN, Scania and the other truck manufacturers concerned in November 2014. With its settlement decision in 
July 2016, the European Commission fined five European truck manufacturers holding that collusive arrangements 
on pricing and gross price increases for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in the European Economic Area and the 
timing and the passing on of costs for the introduction of emission technologies for medium- and heavy-duty trucks 
required by EURO III to EURO VI standards had lasted from January 17, 1997 to January 18, 2011 (for MAN: 
until September 20, 2010). MAN's fine was waived in full as the company had informed the European Commission 
about the irregularities as a key witness. 
In September 2017, the European Commission fined Scania €0.88 billion. Scania had appealed to the European 
Court in Luxembourg that rendered its decision in February 2022. Scania appeal was fully rejected and the fining 
decision of the European Commission confirmed. As a result Scania increased the provisions to €0.9 billion 
provision in connection with the proceedings. Scania is currently evaluating a further appeal to the European Court 
of Justice. 
Furthermore, a significant number of (direct or indirect) truck customers in various jurisdictions have initiated or 
joined lawsuits for damages against MAN and/or Scania. As is the case in any antitrust proceedings, further 
lawsuits for damages cannot be excluded. Neither provisions nor contingent liabilities were stated because the 
early stage of proceedings makes an assessment currently impossible. 
In April 2019, the European Commission issued an initial statement of objections to Volkswagen AG, AUDI AG 
and Porsche AG in connection with the Commission's antitrust investigation of the automobile industry. These 
objections cited the European Commission's preliminary evaluation of the matter. Following entry into a formal

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
settlement procedure, the Commission in April 2021 issued a revised statement of objections raising charges that 
were considerably more narrow. On this basis, a settlement decision was issued on July 8, 2021 concluding the 
administrative action and assessing a total fine of roughly €502 million against the three brands. The subject matter 
scope of the decision is limited to the cooperation of German automobile manufacturers on individual technical 
questions in connection with the development and introduction of SCR (selective catalytic reduction) systems for 
passenger cars that were sold in the European Economic Area. The manufacturers are not charged with any other 
misconduct such as price fixing or allocating markets and customers. Volkswagen accepted the decision, which 
was served on July 12, 2021, and filed no appeal, thus allowing the decision to become final. 
The Korean competition authority ("KFTC") is analyzing potential violations based on the facts of the EU case. 
The final report of the KFTC's appointed case handler was issued in November 2021. Volkswagen AG, AUDI 
AG, and Porsche AG will reply to this report. Proceedings in this matter have also been finalized in Turkey. There, 
these three Group brands have received a decision from the competition authority that did not impose any fines on 
the three Group brands. Based on comparable matters, the Chinese competition authority has instituted proceedings 
against Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, among others, and issued requests for information. 
In March 2020, the US District Court for the Northern District of California dismissed two putative class action 
complaints brought by purchasers of German luxury vehicles alleging that, since the 1990s, several automobile 
manufacturers, including Volkswagen AG and other Group companies conspired to unlawfully increase the prices 
of German luxury vehicles in violation of US antitrust and consumer protection law. The court held that the 
plaintiffs have not stated a claim for relief because the allegations in the complaints do not plausibly support that 
the alleged agreements unreasonably restrained competition in violation of U.S. law. The plaintiffs appealed this 
ruling. In August 2021, the plaintiffs in one of the two class actions withdrew their appeal. In October 2021, the 
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the other class action by the US District Court for the 
Northern District of California. After receiving an extension until December 27, 2021, the plaintiffs in the latter 
class action filed a motion for rehearing, which the Ninth Circuit denied on January 25, 2022. Those plaintiffs also 
filed on December 28, 2021 a motion seeking to set aside the District Court's October 2020 judgment and to be 
allowed to file a new amended complaint. 
Plaintiffs in Canada filed claims with similar allegations on behalf of putative classes of purchasers of German 
luxury vehicles against several automobile manufacturers, including Volkswagen Group Canada Inc., Audi 
Canada Inc., and other Group companies. Neither provisions nor contingent liabilities were stated because the 
early stage of proceedings makes an assessment currently impossible. 
In addition, a few national and international authorities have initiated antitrust investigations. Volkswagen is 
cooperating closely with the responsible authorities in these investigations. For example, Volkswagen AG has 
received a request for information from the European Commission relating to end of life vehicles. In the same 
matter Volkswagen Group UK has been subject to a dawn raid by the UK Competition and Market Authority. The 
above proceedings are currently pending, and it is too early to assess the potential consequences of the investigation 
on Volkswagen. 
2.6.10 
Volkswagen is subject to risks arising from legal disputes and government investigations. 
In connection with its general business activities, Volkswagen, as well as entities in which Volkswagen holds a 
direct or indirect interest, are currently the subject of legal disputes and government investigations in Germany as 
well as abroad and may continue to be so in the future. Such disputes and investigations may, in particular, arise 
from Volkswagen's relationships with authorities, suppliers, dealers, customers, employees or investors. 
Volkswagen may be required to pay fines or take or refrain from taking certain actions. To the extent customers, 
particularly in the United States, assert claims for existing or alleged vehicle defects individually or in a class-
action lawsuit, Volkswagen may have to undertake costly defense measures, reimburse plaintiffs' legal fees and 
pay significant damages, including punitive damages. Complaints brought by suppliers, dealers, investors or other 
third parties (such as governmental authorities or patent exploitation companies) in the United States and elsewhere 
may also result in significant costs, risks or damages. This particularly relates to current and future class-action 
lawsuits, actions relating to patent rights and antitrust disputes among others. On November 1, 2018, the German 
Act on Model Declaratory Action came into effect, allowing certain entities to file an action for declaratory 
judgment on behalf of consumers. This law has already led to a significant increase in consumer litigation in 
Germany, including with respect to diesel-related litigation against Volkswagen and it may lead to further increases 
in litigation the future. 
Furthermore, there may be investigations by governmental authorities in connection with Volkswagen's 
compliance with regulatory requirements, in particular where Volkswagen's and the regulators' interpretation of 
the applicable requirements differ. Uncertainties or differing assessments of risk surrounding enforcement or 
regulatory interpretations could result in substantial costs, including civil and criminal penalties. Investigations 
could relate to circumstances of which Volkswagen currently is not aware, or which have already arisen or will

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
arise in the future, including supervisory and environmental law, competition law, state aid or criminal 
proceedings. For example, Porsche AG has discovered potential regulatory issues relating to vehicles for various 
markets worldwide. There are questions as to the permissibility of specific hardware and software components 
used in type approval measurements. Differences compared with production versions may also have occurred in 
certain cases. Based on the information presently available, current production is not affected, however. The issues 
are unrelated to the defeat devices that were at the root of the diesel issue. Porsche AG is cooperating with the 
relevant authorities including the Stuttgart Office of the Public Prosecutor, which is investigating the matter in 
Germany. Based on the available information, no formal criminal investigation has been opened against the 
company, however. Porsche's own internal investigations are still in progress. In January 2021, a consolidated 
complaint was filed with the US District Court for the Northern District of California alleging that the affected 
vehicles used certain software and/or hardware that resulted in increased emissions and/or overstated fuel economy 
estimates as compared to the results of certification testing. The defendants (Volkswagen AG, Porsche AG, and 
Porsche Cars North America, Inc.) have moved for dismissal of the action. 
Risks may also emerge in connection with the adherence to regulatory requirements. This particularly applies in 
the case of regulatory grey areas where Volkswagen and the authorities responsible for the respective regulations 
may interpret the regulations differently. In addition, legal risks can arise from criminal activities of individual 
persons, which even the best compliance management system can never completely prevent. 
See also "Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to 
conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel 
engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further investigations, and related 
civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, 
results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to 
make payments under its securities." 
2.6.11 
Volkswagen is exposed to political, economic, tax and legal risks in numerous countries. 
Volkswagen manufactures products in various countries, such as Germany, Sweden, Spain, the Czech Republic 
and the United States, in countries at the threshold of becoming industrialized nations, as well as those that only 
recently crossed such threshold, such as China, Brazil, Russia, India and Mexico. Volkswagen offers its products 
and services globally. In certain countries in which Volkswagen manufactures and sells products and services, the 
underlying conditions differ significantly from those in Western Europe, and there is less economic, political and 
legal stability. In a number of countries, there is a history of recurring political or economic crises and changes. 
This presents Volkswagen with risks over which it has no control, and which could have material adverse effects 
on its business activities and growth opportunities in these countries. 
Demand for vehicles and production conditions in certain countries may be influenced by regulatory, foreign trade 
policy and other government market interventions. For example, restrictions on the granting or retention of 
approvals for vehicles or production facilities, international trade disputes, revocation of existing tax privileges, 
demand for the repayment of subsidies and the maintenance or introduction of new customs duties or other trade 
barriers such as import restrictions, may negatively affect Volkswagen's sales, procurement activities, production 
costs and expansion plans in the affected regions. 
The expansion of bilateral and multilateral free-trade agreements between countries could also negatively affect 
Volkswagen's market position. This is particularly the case in Southeast Asia, where increasing numbers of 
Japanese companies are obtaining preferential market access based on free-trade agreements. Volkswagen's 
inability to gain access to markets or ability to do so only on restrictive terms could have a material adverse effect 
on Volkswagen's general business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.7 
Financial risks 
2.7.1 
Volkswagen is exposed to risks from volatile foreign exchange markets; changes in exchange rates, 
interest rates and commodity prices as well as respective hedging transactions may have a negative 
impact on Volkswagen operating result. 
Volkswagen operates across numerous jurisdictions around the world, conducting business in multiple currencies 
and as a result, is exposed to financial risks that may arise from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, raw 
material prices, or share and fund prices. These market risks may have substantial adverse effects on Volkswagen's 
operating results and cash flows. Volkswagen enters into hedging transactions to lower currency, interest rate and 
commodity price risks. Management of these financial and liquidity risks is centrally operated by the Group's 
treasury department, using non-derivative and derivative financial instruments. However, these risks are not fully 
hedged and losses arising from hedging activities, together with the expenses of hedging transactions, may result 
in significant costs.

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
Volkswagen is exposed to the effects of changes in the exchange rates – especially against the euro - of several 
currencies that play a significant role in the group's worldwide operations. Such currencies include but are not 
limited to, the: Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, Czech 
koruna, Hong Kong dollar, Hungarian forint, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Norwegian krone, Polish 
zloty, Russian rouble, Singapore dollar, South African rand, South Korean won, Swedish krona, Swiss franc, 
Taiwan dollar and U.S. dollar. When business and economic conditions are favorable, Volkswagen is normally 
able to obtain the equivalent of euro-denominated prices for its products and services. However, this is usually not 
possible during weak economic periods, with the result that a strong euro may have an intensified negative impact. 
This could affect results from hedging activities and adversely affect Volkswagen's operating results and cash 
flows. As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we expect additional pressure on the Russian rouble and this 
pressure has resulted and may further result in Volkswagen experiencing exchange rate effects in relation to its 
operations in the region. 
Moreover, in order to manage the liquidity and cash needs of its day-to-day operations, Volkswagen holds a variety 
of interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, exposing the group to interest rate risk. This also applies to the 
leasing and financing operations. Volkswagen hedges interest rate risk – where appropriate in combination with 
currency risk – and risks arising from fluctuations in the value of financial instruments by means of interest rate 
swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps and other interest rate contracts with generally matching amounts and 
maturities. However, if interest rates develop in an adverse manner and/or if Volkswagen's hedge positions are 
inadequate, this could result in losses, affect results from hedging activities, create liquidity issues, and adversely 
affect Volkswagen's operating results and cash flows. 
Finally, the hedging of commodity prices entails risks relating to the availability of raw materials and price trends. 
See also: "Volkswagen is exposed to risks arising from procurement of raw materials, potentially impacting its 
procurement, production, transport and service chains." Volkswagen limits these risks mainly by entering into 
forward transactions and swaps. Volkswagen has entered into similar transactions in order to supplement and 
improve allocations of CO2 emission certificates. Changes in prices due to high market demand for such 
commodities as well as changes in market values of hedges for such commodities might impact Volkswagen's 
ability to maintain appropriate hedge positions for affected commodities, and could in turn adversely affect 
Volkswagen's operating results. 
In addition to the above, the effects of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic or of violent conflicts – such as the current 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine, on the global economy have created significant volatility in exchange rates 
and commodity prices, caused interest rates to drop and severely disrupted financial markets. There is a risk that 
exchange rate and commodity prices disruptions will be further exacerbated as a result of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict. These developments have affected and could continue to affect Volkswagens results, including results 
from hedging activities, and may exacerbate the financial risks to which Volkswagen is exposed and have a 
material adverse effect on Volkswagen's operating results and cash flows. 
2.7.2 
Volkswagen may not succeed in financing or refinancing its capital requirements in due time and to 
the extent necessary, or at all. There is also a risk that Volkswagen may refinance on unfavorable 
terms and conditions. 
Volkswagen depends on its ability to cover its financing requirements adequately. As of December 31, 2021, 
Volkswagen's noncurrent and current financial liabilities amounted to €210,202 million. 
Volkswagen's Automotive Division and Financial Services Division carry out refinancing separately, but in 
principle are subject to the same financing risks. The Automotive Division finances itself primarily through 
retained, undistributed earnings as well as through borrowings in the form of bonds and other instruments. The 
Financial Services Division satisfies its funding requirements through the issuance of long and short-term debt 
securities out of money market and capital market programs, bank loans, operating cash flows, retail and wholesale 
deposits, central bank facilities and the securitization of lease and loan receivables. The Financial Services 
Division regularly funds itself via the Automotive Division. 
Volkswagen's financing opportunities may be adversely affected by a deterioration in financial and general market 
conditions, a weakening of its credit profile and outlook as well as by a rating downgrade or withdrawal. In these 
cases, the demand from capital market participants for securities issued by Volkswagen may decrease, which could 
adversely impact the rates of interest Volkswagen has to pay and may result in lower capacity to access the capital 
markets.  
The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has resulted in a material deterioration of global economic conditions and financial 
markets, which may make it difficult for Volkswagen to obtain sufficient financing to meet its needs or may 
prevent Volkswagen from being able to finance on reasonable terms or at all. This, alongside any similar effects 
resulting from other events such as violent confrontations – such as the current conflict between Russia and

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
Ukraine, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, net assets, financial position and results 
of operations. 
Volkswagen AG's credit ratings were downgraded in the wake of the diesel issue and Volkswagen has in the past, 
and may in the future experience limited access to refinancing opportunities. See also "Government authorities in 
a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen 
regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group 
vehicles. The results of these and any further investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a 
material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well 
as the prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities." 
If financial and general market conditions deteriorate or credit spreads and/or the general level of interest rates 
increase, this would result in higher interest expenses for Volkswagen. If Volkswagen does not limit its exposure 
to changes in interest rates accordingly, it could incur materially higher financing costs which in turn would lead 
to lower profitability. 
2.7.3 
Volkswagen is exposed to the risk that a contract party will default or that the credit quality of its 
customers or other contractual counterparties will deteriorate. 
Credit risk 
Volkswagen is exposed to the risk that the credit quality of its retail customers and business partners (such as 
dealers and other corporate customers) may deteriorate and in the worst case that they may default (risk of 
counterparty default). This includes the risk of default on lease payments as well as on repayments of and interest 
payments on financing contracts (credit risk). Credit risk is influenced by, among other factors, customers' financial 
strength, collateral quality, overall demand for vehicles and general macroeconomic conditions. If, for example, 
an economic downturn leads to increased inability or unwillingness of borrowers or lessees to repay their debts, 
increased write-downs and higher provisions would be required, which in turn could adversely affect Volkswagen's 
results of operations. In addition, in the course of the diesel discussions, especially regarding potential driving bans 
in cities for older diesel vehicles, market prices and in turn collateral values of vehicles could decrease. Lower 
collateral values could negatively impact the asset situation of Volkswagen Group. 
Volkswagen has implemented detailed procedures in order to contact delinquent customers for payment, arrange 
for the repossession of unpaid vehicles and sell repossessed vehicles. However, there is still the risk that 
Volkswagen's assessment procedures, monitoring of credit risk, maintenance of customer account records and 
repossession policies might not be sufficient to prevent negative effects for Volkswagen. 
Volkswagen's dealers could encounter financial difficulties as a result of the diesel issue and regulatory or political 
decisions. Due to lower sales in new and used car business, or sales carried out with low or (in extreme cases) no 
margin due to a buying restraint of customers caused by the uncertainties surrounding the diesel issue or other 
factors, dealers may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet their financial liabilities.  
The current worldwide semiconductor shortage has a material impact on the global automotive industry and the 
production of vehicles. The lack of produced vehicles has already decreased the dealer business of Volkswagen 
Financial Services Division. Without produced vehicles, the dealers cannot sell the vehicles to the end customers, 
which might negatively influence the financial situation of the dealers. In addition, the increasing shortage of 
semiconductors could increase car prices, which could negatively affect customer demand. Furthermore, the 
extended delivery times of new cars could cause an increase of the cancellations by the customers. The 
semiconductor shortage has already had a negative impact on the volume of the business due to the decreased 
number of new vehicles and could continue to have a material negative impact on the assets, operating result and 
financial positions of Volkswagen Financial Services Division and Volkswagen Group. 
Counterparty risk / Issuer risk 
Volkswagen is exposed to the risk of deterioration of the credit quality of its contractual counterparties in the 
money markets and the capital markets. In both its Automotive and Financial Services Divisions, Volkswagen 
maintains extensive business relationships with banks and financial institutions, in particular, to control liquidity 
through call money and fixed term deposits and to hedge against such risks as currency exchange rate, interest rate 
and commodity price risks using derivatives. Volkswagen incurs default risks with respect to the repayment of and 
interest on the deposits and the fulfillment of obligations under such derivatives. Volkswagen invests surplus 
liquidity in bonds and similar financial instruments, among others. If the credit quality of an issuer of these 
financial instruments deteriorates, or if such an issuer becomes insolvent, this may result in losses if Volkswagen 
sells the financial instrument before or at its maturity. This can even result in the issuer's default on the receivable.

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
If the macroeconomic environment were to deteriorate in the future, the risks described above could rise and 
Volkswagen may have to increase its risk provisioning. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect 
on Volkswagen's business, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.7.4 
The Volkswagen Financial Services Division is dependent on Volkswagen Group sales, and any risk 
that negatively influences the vehicle delivery of the Volkswagen Group may have adverse effects on 
the business of the Financial Services Division. 
The Volkswagen Financial Services Division, as a captive finance company, has a limited business model, namely 
the sales support of products of the Automotive Division. Thus, the financial success of the Financial Services 
Division depends largely on the success of the Automotive Division. The development of vehicle deliveries to 
customers of the Volkswagen Group is crucial and material to the generation of new contracts for the Financial 
Services Division. As a result, fewer vehicle deliveries would also result in reduced business for the Financial 
Services Division. 
The reasons for fewer vehicle sales can be diverse, including but not limited to the following: If economic growth 
does not materialize to the extent expected or if economic conditions weaken in a particular market, the 
Volkswagen Group may sell fewer products in these markets or obtain lower-than-expected prices. Additionally, 
a lack of economic growth could lead to a decrease of deliveries to customers caused by intensified price 
competition among automotive manufacturers. Furthermore, a weakening economy is accompanied by lower 
disposable income from both existing and potential new customers. A decrease in customers' disposable income 
or their financial condition will generally have a negative impact on vehicle sales. 
Moreover, further legal investigations might be launched in the future and existing investigations could be 
expanded. This may result in further legal actions being taken against the Volkswagen Group and could have a 
negative influence on customer behavior and the business of Financial Services Division. Finally, if 
regulatory/political decisions (e.g., sales stops, driving bans, WLTP) or technological developments (e.g., e-
mobility) influence customer demand, the sales of Volkswagen Group could be negatively affected, resulting in 
less business opportunities for the Financial Services Division. 
Although the Financial Services Division operates different brands in numerous countries, a simultaneous and 
strong reduction of vehicle deliveries in several core markets might result in negative volume and financial 
performance for the Financial Services Division. These risks could have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's 
business activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
2.7.5 
A decrease in the residual values or the sales proceeds of leased vehicles or vehicles financed with a 
product with balloon rate and return option could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of Volkswagen. 
As a lessor under leasing contracts, including contracts with a balloon rate and return option for the customer, the 
Financial Services Division generally bears the risk that the market value of vehicles sold at the end of the term 
may be lower than the contracted residual value at the time the contract was entered into (so-called residual value 
risk). The Financial Services Division takes such differences into account in establishing provisions for the existing 
portfolio and in its determination of the contracted residual values for new business. 
Volkswagen distinguishes between direct and indirect residual value risks. If the Financial Services Division 
carries the residual value risk, it is referred to as a direct residual value risk. Residual value risk is indirect when 
that risk has been transferred to a third party (such as a dealer) based on a residual value guarantee. The Financial 
Services Division frequently enters into agreements that require dealers to repurchase vehicles, so dealers, as 
residual value guarantors, would bear the residual value risk. When dealers act as the residual value guarantors, 
the Financial Services Division is exposed to counterparty credit risk. If the residual value guarantor defaults, the 
leased asset and also the residual value risk pass to the Volkswagen Group. 
The residual value risk could be influenced by many different external factors. A decline in the residual value of 
used cars could be caused by initiatives to promote sales of new vehicles, which was evident during the global 
financial and economic crisis when incentive programs were offered by governments (for example, scrapping 
premiums) and automobile manufacturers. Among other things, Volkswagen was required to increase existing loss 
provisioning for residual value risks in the past. It cannot be ruled out that a similar scenario due to renewed 
deterioration of the macroeconomic environment could occur in the future. 
Moreover, an adverse change in consumer confidence and consumer preferences could lead to higher residual 
value risks for Volkswagen. Customers determine the demand for and therefore the prices of used cars. If 
customers refrain from purchasing Volkswagen Group vehicles, for example due to such vehicles' perceived poor 
image or unappealing design, this could have a negative impact on residual values.

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
Furthermore, changes in economic conditions, including as a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, government 
policies, exchange rates, marketing programs, the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles or 
fuel prices could also influence the residual value risk. For instance, public discussions on potential political 
activities in relation to driving bans for diesel vehicles might influence the residual value risk of the relevant 
Financial Services Division portfolio. Due to the fact that customers might change their consumption behavior and 
refrain from buying diesel vehicles, these bans could have a negative impact on the corresponding market prices 
of these vehicles. Furthermore, semiconductor shortages and further challenges in procurement and delivery have 
caused and may cause in the future decreased new vehicle production which might also influence used car values. 
As a result of any of the above factors, the residual value risk might increase and could materially adversely affect 
Volkswagen's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
The development of residual value risks could be influenced by the topic of e-mobility. On the one hand, rapid 
technical progress in the field of battery technology in favor of vehicle ranges could lead to increasing residual 
value risks in existing electric vehicle portfolios, as customer demand for outdated technologies declines, 
especially in the first few years. On the other hand, due to substitution effects, sales of electric cars as a result of 
changing customer behavior could have a negative impact on the residual values of conventional combustion-
based vehicles, as a result of decreasing customer demand. Finally, e-mobility developments and the impact on 
residual value risks are difficult to predict and could therefore materially adversely affect Volkswagen Financial 
Services Division's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Uncertainties may also exist with respect to the internal methods for calculating residual values, for example due 
to assumptions that later prove to be incorrect. Although Volkswagen continuously monitors used car price trends 
and makes adjustments to its risk valuation, assessing residual value risk in advance of actual market indicators 
remains subject to the risk of assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. 
Estimates of provisions for residual value risks may be less than the amounts actually required to be paid due to 
miscalculations of initial residual value forecasts or changes in market or regulatory conditions. Such a potential 
shortfall may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business activities, net assets, financial position and 
results of operations. 
Due to the remaining uncertainties surrounding the diesel issue, the demand for Volkswagen Group vehicles could 
decline, which in turn could result in falling new and used car prices. Falling prices would affect Volkswagen at 
various stages. It could lead to pressure on margins in leasing products and products with balloon rate and return 
options. In addition, the residual value risk from vehicle returns could increase since the residual values calculated 
may not correspond with the current residual value assumptions for the end of the contract. As a result, Volkswagen 
would have to maintain higher value adjustments or record direct partial write-offs against income on its residual 
value risk portfolio, which would adversely affect Volkswagen's net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
As a result of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, Volkswagen could face an increasing residual value risk. Due to the 
drop in consumer demand, new vehicles may have to be sold at a significant discount, which could have a material 
impact on the residual value of used vehicles. In addition, consumer demand for used vehicles may also decline, 
which could further impact the residual values of used vehicles. Decreasing residual values and resulting residual 
value risks could influence both Volkswagen Group (direct residual value risk) and the dealers, which are financed 
by the Financial Services Division (indirect residual value risk). Consequently, Volkswagen Group may have to 
post direct write-offs on its portfolio or build higher loss allowances, which would have a material adverse effect 
on operating result. 
2.7.6 
Volkswagen AG and Porsche SE are liable to the Bundesverband deutscher Banken e.V. (Association 
of German Banks) if the latter incurs losses as a result of having provided assistance to Volkswagen 
Bank. 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH, Braunschweig, Germany ("Volkswagen Bank") is a member of the Deposit Protection 
Fund of the Association of German Banks. The Deposit Protection Fund in principle protects all deposits of private 
individuals and foundations and certain deposits of commercial enterprises, institutional investors and public-
sector entities. Under the by-laws of the Association's Deposit Protection Fund, Volkswagen AG and Porsche SE 
have each provided a declaration of indemnity for Volkswagen Bank. Under these declarations, they have agreed 
to hold the Association of German Banks harmless from any losses it incurs resulting from assistance provided to 
Volkswagen Bank. Volkswagen AG, in turn, has provided a declaration of indemnity to Porsche SE in respect of 
the indemnity provided by Porsche SE to the Association of German Banks. These circumstances may have a 
material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Moreover, any rescue measures taken by the Deposit Protection Fund may result in a reputational damage.

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
2.7.7 
The value of goodwill, brand names or capitalized development costs reported in Volkswagen's 
consolidated financial statements may need to be partially or fully impaired as a result of revaluations. 
As of December 31, 2021, goodwill reported in Volkswagen's balance sheet amounted to €26,174 million, the 
reported values of brand names amounted to €17,572 million, of capitalized development costs for products under 
development amounted to €10,199 million and of capitalized development costs for products currently in use 
amounted to €18,685 million. 
At least once a year, Volkswagen reviews whether the value of goodwill, brand names or capitalized development 
costs may be impaired based on the underlying cash-generating units. If there is objective evidence that the 
recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount for the asset concerned, Volkswagen incurs an impairment 
loss. As a consequence, should Volkswagen need to record an impairment loss in the future, this may have a 
material adverse effect to its balance sheet and result of operations. 
2.8 
Risks from mergers & acquisitions, strategic partnerships and/or investments 
2.8.1 
Cooperation with joint venture partners or other partners may entail risks that could endanger 
Volkswagen's market position and cause financial losses. 
At times Volkswagen enters into joint ventures with strategic partners for research and development, market 
launches and large projects. In addition to Volkswagen's joint ventures in China, important relationships relate to 
strategic areas, such as e-mobility, battery development, digitalization, autonomous driving, mobility concepts and 
infrastructure. With respect to its strategic development, Volkswagen expects to rely to a greater extent on 
partnerships, and cooperations, the success of which will impact the Group's future profitability. 
If Volkswagen fails to fulfill its obligations stipulated in the related agreements, it may be subject to claims for 
damages and contractual penalties or the joint venture agreement may be terminated. In addition, a breach of 
contract by Volkswagen's partners or unforeseen events may impair the successful implementation of a project. 
Moreover, the success of Volkswagen's joint ventures requires that the partners constructively pursue the same 
goals, which may not always be the case. If Volkswagen decides to divest its shareholdings or withdraw from the 
joint venture, it may not be able to find a buyer for its shares, or it may not be able to sell the shares for other 
reasons, or Volkswagen's joint venture partner may claim damages. Disputes with joint venture partners can be 
costly and divert management's attention from the operation of the business. Additionally, it is possible that 
Volkswagen's partners may use, outside of the scope of the joint venture project, technologies or intellectual 
property acquired in the course of the joint venture. The diesel issue could affect Volkswagen's ability to attract 
future potential cooperation partners, for example, in the area of research and development. 
Volkswagen is particularly exposed to these risks in relation to its joint ventures in China, due to their strategic 
importance in terms of Volkswagen's growth strategy in Asia. Any impairment of the business activities of these 
joint ventures, irrespective of any associated claims for damages arising from them, may have a material adverse 
effect on the functioning of these joint ventures. This could result from a number of factors within the respective 
partnership or due to the partners' differing strategic goals. 
If any of these factors were to occur, Volkswagen may lose orders and customers and endanger its strategic market 
position in the relevant markets, which may result in a time-consuming and costly search for alternative partners 
and the loss of costs already incurred. 
2.8.2 
Volkswagen may be exposed to risks in relation to corporate acquisitions and equity interests in 
companies as well as with regard to disposals and the rights of minority shareholders. 
Volkswagen has made significant acquisitions in the past and may continue to acquire companies and equity 
interests in companies in the future. Corporate acquisitions are typically associated with significant investments 
and risks. For instance, Volkswagen may not be granted full access or be provided with all relevant information 
to completely review the target company before the acquisition or investment or can do so only after incurring 
disproportionately high costs. Therefore, Volkswagen may not recognize all risks related to such a transaction in 
advance and may not adequately protect itself against such risks. Target companies may also be located in countries 
in which the underlying legal, economic, political and cultural conditions do not correspond to those customary in 
the European Union, or have other national peculiarities with which Volkswagen is not familiar. In addition, 
acquisitions and integration of companies generally tie up significant management resources. There is also a danger 
that acquired or licensed technologies or other assets may not be legally valid or intrinsically valuable. 
Furthermore, Volkswagen may not succeed in retaining, maintaining and integrating the employees, business 
relationships and operations of the acquired companies.

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
Volkswagen may not realize the targets for growth, economies of scale, cost savings, development, production 
and distribution targets, or other strategic goals that Volkswagen seeks from the acquisition. Moreover, anticipated 
synergies may not materialize, the purchase price may prove to have been too high or unforeseen restructuring 
expenses may become necessary. Thus, Volkswagen's corporate acquisitions or purchases of equity interests in 
companies may not be successful. Moreover, in many countries and regions, planned acquisitions are subject to a 
review by the competition and other regulatory authorities, which may impede a planned transaction. It is also 
possible that the flow of information to Volkswagen may be restricted for legal reasons in the case of equity 
interests in companies with minority shareholders. 
Furthermore, Volkswagen may not be able to recover guarantees and indemnities provided to it by third parties in 
the context of acquisitions or investments. There is also a possibility that the acquired entities' contractual partners 
may be entitled to cancel contracts or make other claims which are disadvantageous to Volkswagen. 
In relation to asset disposals, Volkswagen is also exposed to risks typically associated with such transactions, 
including potential liabilities resulting from contractual warranties and indemnities, as well as regulatory risks of 
not being able to obtain required approvals. 
If any of these risks occurs, or if Volkswagen incorrectly assesses the risks or if there are other failures in relation 
to Volkswagen's acquisitions, investments or disposals, it may lead to an impairment of the acquisition, 
reputational damage and compliance risks, and may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business 
activities, net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes 
2.9 
Risks relating to the Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market 
2.9.1 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be issued under this Prospectus to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may not be listed at all. 
Regardless of whether the Notes are listed and admitted to trading or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid 
secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes 
may be listed and admitted to trading does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity compared to unlisted Notes. If 
the Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to 
obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able 
to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted 
by country specific reasons. 
2.9.2 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate 
levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand 
for the relevant type of Note. The Holder (as defined in the Conditions) of Notes is therefore exposed to the risk 
of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells the Notes prior 
to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes will be 
redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.10 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.10.1 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the relevant Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity for reasons of taxation or at the option of the relevant Issuer (optional call right). If the relevant Issuer 
redeems any Notes prior to maturity, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to early redemption his 
investment may have a lower than expected yield. The relevant Issuer might exercise his optional call right if the 
yield on comparable Notes in the capital market falls which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in Notes with a lower yield. 
2.10.2 
Currency Risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e., a currency other than its own functional currency, e.g. 
the Euro) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of 
such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macroeconomic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change 
in the Euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than Euro and a corresponding change in the Euro 
value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than Euro in accordance with the terms of such 
Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes 
and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in Euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
2.10.3 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A Holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the 
market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("Market Interest Rate") 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, 
but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Market 
Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately 
equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until 
maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without relevance to such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed 
at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
2.10.4 
Floating Rate Notes 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes in 
advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest 
rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and accordingly, the Holders of Floating Rate Notes may 
not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
2.10.5 
Risk of Financial Benchmark and Reference Interest Rate Continuity 
EURIBOR, CDOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" 
(each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On December 16, 2021, the Canadian 
Alternative Reference Rate Working Group ("CARR"), which is sponsored by a group established by the Bank of 
Canada, published a paper reviewing the status of CDOR and, among other things, recommending that its 
administrator cease publication of all of CDOR's remaining tenors after the end of June 2024 through a staged 
process. Concurrent with the publication of the CARR paper, the administrator announced that it will conduct its 
own analysis, engage with market participants and consider what further steps might be necessary in order to reach 
a conclusion regarding the future of CDOR. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to 
such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 ("Benchmarks 
Regulation") which is fully applicable since January 1, 2018. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has been adapted to the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. On September 13, 
2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new 
risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on October 2, 2019. Although EURIBOR 
has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist 
permanently and beyond 2025. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other 
initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes 
in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked 
to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of 
interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Notes which 
are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to 
such Notes. Under the fallback provisions applicable to Benchmarks other than Compounded Daily SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, Compounded SOFR and CDOR (each, as defined in the Conditions), the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution or independent financial adviser. Such independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether a 
recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser 
will attempt to find an alternative rate. Any successor rate or alternative rate may be subject to the application of 
adjustments or spreads. If the independent adviser determines a successor rate or alternative rate, such rate will 
replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will 
be binding for the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. Any 
adjustment pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply to the immediately following interest period and any 
subsequent interest period may be subject to the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser cannot determine a successor rate or alternative 
rate following a discontinuation of a relevant Benchmark, the rate of the discontinued Benchmark last determined 
in respect of the Notes will continue to apply for future interest periods of the relevant Notes until a successor rate 
or alternative rate was determined in accordance with the fallback provisions. 
The fallback provisions applicable to CDOR provide for a cascade of alternative rates to be used to determine the 
rate of interest on the Notes if an index cessation event or a related index cessation effective date occur with respect 
to the applicable CDOR rate. The first alternative rate in the cascade is the Fallback Rate (CORRA), which is a 
term-adjusted rate calculated by reference to the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average ("CORRA"), 
compounded-in-arrears and adjusted by a spread relating to CDOR. The Fallback Rate (CORRA) is to be provided 
by Bloomberg Index Services Limited or a successor. Fallback Rate (CORRA) may not be a suitable replacement 
or successor for the applicable CDOR rate. If the Fallback Rate (CORRA) is not available at the time of an index 
cessation event and related index cessation effective date, the second alternative rate in the cascade is the term-
adjusted CORRA compounded-in-arrears, plus a spread relating to CDOR, calculated by the Calculation Agent 
for the Notes. If CORRA is not available at the time of an index cessation event and related index cessation 
effective date, the third alternative rate in the waterfall is the CAD Recommended Rate, which is the rate set by a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Canada at the time of a fallback index cessation event 
and related fallback index cessation effective date, with term adjustment, calculated by the Calculation Agent for 
the Notes. If the CAD Recommended Rate is not available at the time of an index cessation event and related index 
cessation effective date, the fourth alternative rate in the waterfall is the Bank of Canada's Target for the Overnight 
Rate (the "BOC Target Rate"), plus the Fallback Rate (CORRA) to CDOR spread, adjusted to account for any 
differences between the term structures or tenors of the BOC Target Rate and Fallback Rate (CORRA), calculated 
by the Calculation Agent for the Notes. The BOC Target Rate is set by the Bank of Canada and published on the 
Bank of Canada's website. 
Uncertainty with respect to market conventions related to the calculation of these CORRA-based rates and whether 
either alternative reference rate is a suitable replacement or successor for the applicable CDOR rate may adversely 
affect the return on, value of and market for the CDOR Notes. The additional alternative rates for the CDOR notes 
are also uncertain. In particular, the CAD Recommended Rate has not been established as of the date hereof. 
Under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission has also been granted powers to 
designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU 
Member State, where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. It is currently unclear whether the 
fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable, and there is therefore a risk that if the consent to 
solicitation is not successful the Notes would be required to transition to a replacement benchmark rate selected 
by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
2.10.6 
Risks associated with Notes referencing Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as reference rate 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA or the SONIA Compounded 
Index value as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. The

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
bond market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index 
value that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. The development of SONIA or the 
SONIA Compounded Index value as an interest reference rate for the bond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA based rates, indices and averages for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes. Similarly, if SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value do not prove widely used in 
securities such as the Notes, investors may not be able to sell the Notes at all or the trading price of the Notes may 
be lower than those of bonds linked to indices that are more widely used. 
The level of Compounded Daily SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index applicable to a particular interest period 
and, therefore, the amount of interest payable with respect to such interest period will be determined on the relevant 
interest determination date for the Floating Rate Notes for such interest period. Because each such date is near the 
end of such interest period, holders of Notes will not know the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes with respect to a particular interest period until shortly prior to the related interest payment date and it may 
be difficult for holders of Notes to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on each such interest 
payment date. 
The BoE (or a successor) as administrators of SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method 
by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes, which may adversely affect the 
trading prices of the Floating Rate Notes. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply (described in detail in the Terms and Conditions). The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of holders of Notes when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
If SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index value were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the applicable 
rate to be used to calculate the interest rate on the Notes will be determined using the alternative methods (described 
in detail in the Terms and Conditions). Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are 
lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes if 
SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index value had been provided by the BoE in its current form. In addition, 
the use of the alternative methods may also result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
2.10.7 
Risks associated with Notes referencing Secured Overnight Refinancing Rate (SOFR) as reference 
rate 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the return on and the market price of Floating Rate Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the bond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of SOFR based rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular interest period and, therefore, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to such interest period will be determined on the relevant interest determination date for the 
Floating Rate Notes for such interest period. Because each such date is near the end of such interest period, holders 
of Notes will not know the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes with respect to a particular 
interest period until shortly prior to the related interest payment date and it may be difficult for holders of Notes 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on each such interest payment date. 
Investors should be aware that the market may not continue to develop in relation to SOFR. The trading price of 
the Floating Rate Notes may be lower than those of securities that are linked to rates or methods of determining 
interest that are more or become more widely used. Similarly, market terms for floating-rate debt securities linked 
to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in interest rate provisions or the manner of compounding 
the base rate, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Floating Rate Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued SOFR-based debt securities as a result. Investors in the Floating Rate Notes may not be able to sell the 
Floating Rate Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Floating Rate Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction 
of the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Notes, which may adversely affect the trading prices of the 
Floating Rate Notes. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination 
of SOFR in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes will apply 
(described in detail in the Terms and Conditions). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
holders of Notes when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SOFR. 
If SOFR were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the interest 
rate on the Notes will be determined using the alternative methods (described in detail in the Terms and 
Conditions). Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the Notes if SOFR had been 
provided in its current form. In addition, the use of the alternative methods may also result in a fixed rate of interest 
being applied to the Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
2.10.8 
Risks relating to Alternative Currencies 
The Issuer's primary obligation will be to make all payments of interest, principal and other amounts with respect 
to Notes in the relevant specified currency, which may not be in Euro. However, if access to the specified currency 
becomes restricted, the Issuer will be entitled to make any such payment in Euro at the rates, and in the manner, 
set out in § 4(2) of the Terms and Conditions. 
In such case, the value of the Notes could be affected by fluctuations in the value of the specified currency, as 
compared to Euro. There is a risk that the exchange rate (or the exchange rates) used to determine the Euro amount 
of any payments in respect of the Notes may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation or 
revaluation of the specified currency) or that authorities with jurisdiction over such currencies could cause a 
decrease in (1) the Euro equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Euro equivalent value of the amount payable in 
respect of any other amount payable on the Notes and (3) the Euro equivalent market value of the Notes. Therefore, 
there is a possibility that the Euro value of the Notes at the time of any sale or payment, as the case may be, of the 
Notes may be below the Euro value of the Notes on investing, depending on the exchange rate at the time of any 
such sale or payment, as the case may be. 
2.11 
Risks relating to laws applicable to the Notes 
2.11.1 
Resolutions of Holders 
Since the Notes provide for the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted 
by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is binding on all Holders, certain rights of 
such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
2.11.2 
Holders' Representative 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and Conditions or by a 
majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and 
enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' 
Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
2.11.3 
Canadian Usury Laws 
The Criminal Code (Canada) prohibits the receipt of "interest" at a "criminal rate" (namely, an effective rate of 
interest that exceeds 60 per cent.). Accordingly, provisions for the payment of interest or for the payment of a 
redemption amount in respect of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued by VW Credit Canada, Inc. / 
Crédit VW Canada, Inc. may not be enforceable if such provisions provide for the payment of "interest" (as 
calculated for the purposes of such statute) which is in excess of an effective annual rate of interest of 60 per cent. 
2.11.4 
United States Taxation 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to FATCA. 
Provisions under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and Treasury Regulations 
thereunder, commonly referred to as "FATCA", generally may impose withholding at a rate of 30% on interest

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
payments with respect to Notes issued by VWGoAF made to a "Foreign Financial Institution" or a 
"Nonfinancial Foreign Entity" (each as defined in the Code), unless (1) the Foreign Financial Institution 
undertakes certain diligence and reporting obligations, (2) the Nonfinancial Foreign Entity either certifies it does 
not have any "Substantial United States Owners" (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information 
regarding each substantial United States owner, or (3) the Foreign Financial Institution or non-financial foreign 
entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. A Foreign Financial Institution that is subject to the 
diligence and reporting requirements in (1) above must enter into an agreement (an "FFI Agreement") with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts 
held by certain "Specified United States Persons" or "U.S. Owned Foreign Entities" (each as defined in the 
Code) and annually report certain information about such accounts. Foreign Financial Institutions subject to an 
FFI Agreement are further required to withhold a tax equal to 30% of withholdable payments and, when applicable, 
"Foreign Passthru Payments" (as described below) made to an account holder that does not comply with its own 
FATCA obligations, including if such account holder fails to provide information or take other actions required 
for the Foreign Financial Institution to comply with the provision of certain information under FATCA. 
A Foreign Financial Institution also may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes with respect to 
Notes of any Issuer other than VWGoAF ("Foreign Passthru Payments") to persons that fail to meet certain 
diligence and reporting obligations, as discussed above. Even if withholding would be required with respect to 
Foreign Passthru Payments, such withholding would not apply prior to the second anniversary of the date on which 
final regulations defining the term " Foreign Passthru Payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining " Foreign 
Passthru Payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into, or announced their intention to negotiate, 
intergovernmental agreements to facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an "IGA"). Pursuant to FATCA 
and the "Model 1" and "Model 2" IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country which 
is in compliance with applicable legal requirements could be treated as a "Reporting FI" generally not subject to 
withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in a Model 1 IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from payments 
it makes (unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. "qualified intermediary," "withholding foreign partnership," 
or "withholding foreign trust" regimes). Under each Model IGA, regardless of any withholding performed, a 
Reporting FI would be required to report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to the 
relevant IGA signatory country or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, as applicable. The Federal Republic of 
Germany, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands and Canada have each entered into 
an IGA with the United States based largely on the Model 1 IGA. The United States and the Republic of Austria 
have entered into an IGA based on the Model 2 IGA. There can be no assurance that any Issuer will be treated as 
a Reporting FI or that it would not be required to withhold under FATCA or pursuant to an applicable relevant 
IGA. 
Holders of the Notes (including intermediaries) may be required to provide any information, tax documentation 
and waivers that the Issuer determines are necessary to avoid the imposition of a FATCA withholding tax or 
comply with the rules under FATCA (including laws implementing a relevant intergovernmental agreement). If a 
Holder (including an intermediary) fails to provide the Issuer, or any other agent of the Issuer with any correct, 
complete and accurate information that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and/or to prevent 
the imposition of FATCA withholding tax, the Issuer may withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the Holder 
or compel the Holder to sell its Notes, and, if the Holder does not sell its Notes to sell the Holder's Notes on behalf 
of the Holder. If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
principal or other payments on the Notes as a result of a Holder's (including intermediaries) failure to comply with 
FATCA (or otherwise), none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), any paying agent or any other person would 
pursuant to the conditions of the Notes be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or 
withholding of such tax. 
2.11.5 
Dutch Taxation 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
With respect to payments under the Notes issued by VIF only, pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021) which entered into force in The Netherlands on January 1, 2021, as of the date of this 
Prospectus, Dutch withholding tax may be imposed on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated 
(gelieerde) entity of VIF, if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in 
the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is 
not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant 
that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent 
and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest 
been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021.  
Generally, an entity is considered an affiliated (gelieerde) entity if (i) it has a qualifying interest in VIF, (ii) VIF 
has a qualifying interest in the entity, or (iii) a third party has qualifying interest in both VIF and the entity. 
Generally, the term "qualifying interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest, individually or jointly as part 
of a collaboration group (samenwerkende groep), that gives the holder of such interest definite influence over the 
decisions of the entity in which the interest is held and allows determination of its activities.  
If any withholding or deduction is made for or on account of withholding tax imposed by The Netherlands due to 
the application of the Withholding Tax Act 2021, payments by VIF to holders of Notes who are affiliated entities 
may be affected given that VIF does not have to pay any additional amounts in respect thereof, pursuant to 
Condition 7 (Taxation). Consequently, in such event the affected holders of Notes will only be entitled to receive 
interest payments under the Notes net of withholding tax; meaning that the amount of the payment due from VIF 
will be made after any withholding or deduction is made for or on account of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 and 
will not be increased to an amount which after the withholding or deduction leaves an amount equal to the payment 
which would have been due if no such withholding or deduction had been required. Potential investors should 
consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of the introduction of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 
in Dutch law in relation to their investment in the Notes. 
2.11.6 
German Taxation 
Payments under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax pursuant to the Defence against Tax Havens Act 
Pursuant to section 10 of the Defence against Tax Havens Act (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz – "DTHA"), which 
entered into force in Germany on January 1, 2022, income inter alia generated from financial relationships 
(Finanzierungsbeziehungen) is subject to a withholding tax if the creditor of such financial relationships is resident 
in a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction (nicht kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) which is mentioned on the EU list 
of non-cooperative tax jurisdictions, as amended from time to time. 
Since there are currently neither official guidelines from the legislator and/or the German tax authorities nor court 
rulings on the interpretation of the term 'financial relationships' (Finanzierungsbeziehungen) available, it cannot 
be excluded that issuers of exchange listed bonds such as the Notes are obliged to effect a deduction from the 
payment under such bonds to Holders resident in non-cooperative tax jurisdictions pursuant to the DTHA. 
Should this be the case, the Issuer would be obliged to effect a withholding of taxes from payments of interest 
made to Holders resident in non-cooperative tax jurisdictions. Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, in this 
situation no additional amounts would be paid to such Holders as would be necessary for the net amounts received 
by such Holders after such withholding or deduction to be equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable without such withholding or deduction. 
2.12 
Risks associated with Green Bonds 
The Issuers may decide to use the proceeds from any series of Notes issued under the Programme for green or 
environmental purposes (each such series of Notes, a "Green Bond"). The Final Terms for each Green Bond 
issued under this Programme will contain further information on the envisaged use of proceeds. 
Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. Prospective 
investors who intend to invest in Green Bonds must determine for themselves the relevance of the information in 
this Prospectus (in particular, regarding the reasons for the offer and the use of proceeds) for the purpose of any 
investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary. In particular, 
no assurance is given by the Issuers that the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds will meet or continue to meet on 
an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding investment in "green bond", "green" 
or "sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy")). On March 9, 2020, the Technical Expert Group 
on Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing recommendations relating to the 
overarching design of the EU taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and 
financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard 
for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
Standard"). On June 22, 2020, the EU Taxonomy entered into force. It will amend Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 
on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector. On July 6, 2021 the European Commission 
has proposed a regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard. The standard will use the definitions of 
green economic activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a green investment. The Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the Issuers to be entitled to use the designation of 
"European green bond" or "EuGB" nor are the Issuers under any obligation to take steps to have any Green Bonds 
become eligible for such designation. 
Due to the still ongoing legislative initiatives, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time.  
No assurance is given by the Issuers that the use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria 
or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, VWAG's green 
finance framework dated March 2020 (as amended and/or replaced from time to time, the "Green Finance 
Framework"). 
While it is the intention of the Issuers and the Guarantor to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such 
Green Bonds specifically for a portfolio of eligible green projects (the "Green Projects") as described in the Green 
Finance Framework, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for such project(s) or use(s). Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default 
under the terms and conditions of any Green Bond. 
Application of proceeds of such Green Bonds for a portfolio of eligible Green Projects will not result in any 
security, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the holders of any such Green 
Bond, nor will the performance of such projects or assets give rise to any specific claims under the Green Bonds 
or attribution of losses in respect of the Green Bonds. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. In connection with the issue of 
Green Bonds, the Issuers may appoint one or more external provider(s) to provide a green evaluation (the "Green 
Evaluation"). Such Green Evaluation is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Prospectus. Such 
Green Evaluation provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in Green Bonds including without limitation market 
price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Green Evaluation is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. Such Green Evaluation is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
No assurance is given that such Green Evaluation correctly assesses the potential environmental impact of the 
issue of Green Bonds or the Issuers generally. Such Green Evaluation generally is only current as of the date it is 
released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Currently the 
providers of green evaluations are not subject to any specific regulatory regime or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any Green Evaluation for the purpose of any 
investment in Green Bonds. In particular, no assurance or representation is made or given that any such Green 
Evaluation reflects any present or future requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may apply to any 
investor or its investments. Holders of Green Bonds will have no recourse against the provider(s) of any Green 
Evaluation. In addition, it would not constitute an event of default under the terms and conditions of any Green 
Bonds if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) were to fail to observe the provisions in the Final Terms for the 
Green Bond relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the Issuer's or the Guarantor's intentions as 
regards reporting. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, any Green Evaluation may affect the value of the 
Green Bonds and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
In the event that any of the Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled index, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, 
satisfies any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to another. 
No representation or assurance given or made by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be 
obtained in respect of Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in 
such index, will be maintained during the life of Green Bonds. Additionally, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability 
of Green Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. Neither the 
Issuers nor the Guarantor (as applicable), the Arranger, or the Dealers are responsible for any third party 
assessment of the Green Bonds. Nor is any Dealer responsible for (i) any assessment of Green Bonds, or (ii) the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds. Any failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of Green Bonds as set 
out in the Final Terms for an issue of Green Bonds and/or negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any 
Green Evaluation and/or listing or admission to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.13 
Risks relating to Notes issued in Renminbi 
2.13.1 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") which may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") continues to 
regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-
case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from time to time to match the 
policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will 
not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no 
assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect 
the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its 
obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
2.13.2 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuers' or the Guarantor's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established the 
Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is further in 
the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current 
size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although PBoC has 
gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of 
Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from PBoC for the 
purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, 
they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the 
Issuers or the Guarantor are required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, 
there is no assurance that the Issuers or the Guarantor will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, 
if at all. 
2.13.3 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by changes in 
the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The PBoC has in recent 
years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take 
into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others that may be 
implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. All payments of 
interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment 
made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
2.13.4 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Clearsteam Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any alternative clearing system, by transfer 
to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank 
clears and settles Renminbi, or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears 
and settles Renminbi in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
2.13.5 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing 
rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC resident 
enterprise or individual Holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or PRC individual income 
tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income 
Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident 
enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per 
cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident individual Holder from the transfer of Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-PRC 
resident enterprise or individual Holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and 
thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply or enforce the 
PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules. 
According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, Holders who 
are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise Holders and individual Holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT 
on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident Holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between 
PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual Holders of Renminbi Notes reside that 
reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi Notes may be materially 
and adversely affected.

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
2.13.6 
Investment in the Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuers or the Guarantor are not able, or it is impracticable for them, to satisfy their obligation to pay interest 
and principal (in whole or in part) on the Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
(each, as defined in the Conditions), the Issuers shall be entitled, by sending an irrevocable notice prior to the due 
date for payment to the Holders, to settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
2.13.7 
Investment in the Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further, liberalisation 
may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may 
significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls 
imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
3. 
VOLKSWAGEN AG AS ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
3.1 
History and Development 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft was incorporated under German law as "Gesellschaft zur Vorbereitung des 
deutschen Volkswagens mbH" (Limited Liability Company for the Development of the German Volkswagen) 
which was founded in Berlin on May 28, 1937. The company was renamed "Volkswagenwerk Gesellschaft mit 
beschränkter Haftung" (Volkswagenwerk limited liability company) in 1938. The company was later converted 
into a joint stock corporation under German law which was entered into the commercial register (Handelsregister) 
at Wolfsburg local court (Amtsgericht) on August 22, 1960. The name was changed to "VOLKSWAGEN 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT" by resolution of the Annual Meeting on July 4, 1985 which is the legal and 
commercial name of Volkswagen AG. 
Volkswagen AG is located in Wolfsburg. Since August 1, 2005 it has been listed in the commercial register 
(Handelsregister) at the Braunschweig local court (Amtsgericht) under the number HRB 100484. Volkswagen AG 
is subject to the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). Its head office and registered 
office are located at Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Germany (telephone number + 49 (0) 5361 9-0) 
(LEI: 529900NNUPAGGOMPXZ31). 
Volkswagen AG's website can be accessed under https://www.volkswagenag.com. The content of this website is 
for information purposes only and does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the CSSF. 
3.2 
Articles of Association 
The objects of Volkswagen AG, according to § 2 of its Articles of Association, are the manufacture and sale of 
vehicles and engines of all kinds, their accessories, and all other equipment, machinery, tools and other technical 
products. 
Volkswagen AG is entitled to conduct all business and take all measures connected with these objects or as appear 
capable of furthering such objects directly or indirectly. For this purpose, Volkswagen AG may establish branch 
offices within Germany and abroad or can found, acquire or participate in other enterprises. 
3.3 
Organizational Structure 
Volkswagen Group comprises the following brands: Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Volkswagen Commercial 
Vehicles, ŠKODA, SEAT, CUPRA, Audi, Lamborghini, Bentley, Ducati, Porsche, MAN, Scania and Navistar. 
Volkswagen AG is the parent company of the Volkswagen Group. It develops vehicles and components for the 
Volkswagen Group's brands, but also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial 
vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. In its capacity as 
parent company, Volkswagen AG holds direct or indirect interests in AUDI AG, SEAT S.A., ŠKODA AUTO a.s., 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, TRATON SE, Volkswagen Financial Services AG, Volkswagen Bank GmbH and a 
large number of other companies in Germany and abroad. 
The Volkswagen Group business activities comprise two divisions: the Automotive Division and the Financial 
Services Division. The Automotive Division is composed of three business areas: Passenger Cars, Commercial 
Vehicles and Power Engineering: 
• 
The Passenger Cars business area essentially consolidates the Volkswagen Group's passenger car brands 
and the Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brand. Activities focus on the development of vehicles, 
engines and vehicle software, the production and sale of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, 
and the genuine parts business. 
• 
The Commercial Vehicles business area primarily comprises the development, production and sale of 
trucks and buses from the Scania, MAN and Navistar brands, the corresponding genuine parts business, 
and related services. 
• 
The Power Engineering business area combines the large-bore diesel engines, turbomachinery and 
propulsion components business. 
The Financial Services Division combines dealer and customer financing, vehicle leasing, direct banking and 
insurance activities as well as fleet management and mobility offerings.

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
Within Volkswagen Group, responsibilities were divided among ten board-level management functions until 
December 31, 2021. In addition to the Chair of the Board of Management, a function which also includes the 
Volume brand group, the other Board functions are Purchasing, Technology, Finance, Human Resources and 
Truck & Bus, Integrity and Legal Affairs, Premium, Sport & Luxury, IT and China. As of December 31, 2021, the 
Chair of the Board of Management has also been responsible for China and the board member for Finance has also 
been responsible for IT. With effect from February 1, 2022, a board member is responsible for IT alone and, from 
August 2022, the board-level function for China will again be assigned to a specific member of the Board of 
Management. In December 2021, the Supervisory Board decided to increase the number of members of the Board 
of Management and reorganize its structure and functions in the process. A new board-level management function 
for Volkswagen Passenger Cars was created effective January 1, 2022. A new board-level management function 
was also created for Group Sales effective February 1, 2022. 
The "Volume" brand group comprises the Volkswagen Passenger Cars, ŠKODA, SEAT/CUPRA and Volkswagen 
Commercial Vehicles brands. The "Premium" brand group includes the Audi, Bentley, Lamborghini and Ducati 
brands. Bentley was allocated from the "Sport & Luxury" brand group to the "Premium" brand group on March 1, 
2021. The "Sport and Luxury" brand group therefore comprises the Porsche brand. TRATON acts as the umbrella 
for the Scania, MAN brands including Rio and Volkswagen Caminhões and Navistar commercial vehicles brands. 
Alongside the brand groups, Volkswagen continued to build its software subsidiary CARIAD SE in 2021. This 
company is pooling and expanding the software expertise within the Volkswagen Group and is working toward 
providing a standardized operating system for Group brand vehicles. 
3.4 
Volkswagen Group Reporting Structure 
Volkswagen Group's financial reporting comprises four reportable segments: The Passenger Cars and Light 
Commercial Vehicles segment, Commercial Vehicles segment, Power Engineering segment and Financial 
Services segment. 
The Automotive Division's three business areas described above conform to Volkswagen's financial reporting 
segments as follows: The Passenger Cars business area corresponds to the Passenger Cars and Light Commercial 
Vehicle reporting segment together with the reconciliation, to account for intra-group activities. The Commercial 
Vehicles business area and Power Engineering business area correspond to the reporting segments of the same 
name. The Financial Services Division corresponds to the Financial Services segment. 
The following table shows Volkswagen Group's reporting structure as of December 31, 2021: 
Automotive 
Division 
Financial Services 
Division 
Passenger Cars 
Business Area 
Commercial Vehicles 
Business Area 
Power Engineering 
Business Area 
 
Volkswagen Passenger 
Cars 
ŠKODA 
SEAT 
Volkswagen 
Commercial Vehicles 
Audi 
Bentley 
Porsche Automotive 
Others 
 
Scania Vehicles and 
Services 
MAN Commercial 
Vehicles 
Navistar 
Power Engineering 
Dealer and customer financing 
Leasing 
Direct bank 
Insurance 
Fleet management 
Mobility services

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
3.5 
Shareholder Structure 
Volkswagen AG's subscribed capital amounted to €1,283,315,873.28 as of December 31, 2021. 
The distribution of voting rights for the 295,089,818 ordinary shares at December 31, 2021 was the following: 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE, Stuttgart, held 53.3% of the voting rights. The second-largest shareholder was the 
State of Lower Saxony, which held 20.0% of the voting rights. Qatar Holding LLC was the third-largest 
shareholder, with 17.0%. The remaining 9.7% of ordinary shares were attributable to other shareholders. 
Notifications of changes in voting rights in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz (WpHG)) are published on Volkswagen AG's website. The following table shows the 
shareholder structure of Volkswagen AG as a percentage of subscribed capital as of December 31, 2021: 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE ........................................................................................................ 
31.4% 
Foreign institutional investors ........................................................................................................... 
27.0% 
Qatar Holding LLC ........................................................................................................................... 
10.5% 
State of Lower Saxony ...................................................................................................................... 
11.8% 
Private shareholders / Others ............................................................................................................ 
16.0% 
German institutional investors .......................................................................................................... 
3.3% 
 
3.6 
General Meeting of Shareholders 
The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is to be held in Wolfsburg or in a German city where a stock 
exchange is located or at another appropriate place in Germany, usually within the first eight months of each 
financial year. In 2021, due to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, the Annual General Meeting was held on July 22 as a 
virtual meeting. In 2022, the Annual General Meeting is planned to be held on May 12. 
3.7 
Share Capital 
On December 31, 2021, the share capital of Volkswagen AG amounted to €1,283,315,873.28. It was composed of 
295,089,818 ordinary shares and 206,205,445 non-voting preferred shares. Each share conveys a notional interest 
of €2.56 in the share capital. All shares have been issued and are fully paid. 
3.8 
Business Overview 
In terms of sales volume (i.e., the number of vehicles delivered to dealers), the Volkswagen Group is one of the 
leading multi-brand groups in the automotive industry. In 2021, the Volkswagen Group delivered a total of 8.9 
million vehicles (passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, trucks and buses) to its customers worldwide, amid 
challenging market conditions. 
Volkswagen Group comprises the following brands: Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Volkswagen Commercial 
Vehicles, ŠKODA, SEAT, CUPRA, Audi, Lamborghini, Bentley, Ducati, Porsche, MAN, Scania and Navistar. 
Each brand has its own character and operates independently in the market.  
Volkswagen's product portfolio ranges from compact cars to luxury vehicles and also includes motorcycles, and 
is supplemented by mobility solutions. In the commercial vehicle sector, the product portfolio ranges from light 
vans to heavy trucks and buses. Volkswagen is also active in the power engineering business field, manufacturing 
large-bore diesel engines, turbomachinery and propulsion components. In addition, the Volkswagen Group offers 
a wide range of financial services, including dealer and customer financing, vehicle leasing, direct banking and 
insurance activities, fleet management and mobility offerings. 
The Volkswagen Group's business operations encompass the Automotive and Financial Services Divisions, as 
described under "―Organizational Structure". In addition to its core activities involving Passenger Cars, 
Commercial Vehicles, Power Engineering and Financial Services, Volkswagen holds a portfolio of non-core 
assets. Consistent with its focus on core activities and the execution of its strategy, Volkswagen reviews its non-
core asset portfolio on an ongoing basis and may take measures to optimize the portfolio. 
The Volkswagen Group's production network consisted of 120 production sites worldwide at the end of 2021. The 
sites are spread out over the continents of Europe, North and South America, Africa and Asia. Including the 
Chinese joint ventures, the Volkswagen Group employed an average of 667,647 people in 2021 (2020: 665,445).

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
3.9 
Automotive Division 
3.9.1 
Figures for 2021 compared to 2020 
3.9.1.1 Sales to the Dealer Organization 
In 2021, the Volkswagen Group sales to dealer organizations decreased by 6.3% to 8,575,590 vehicles. 
3.9.1.2 Volkswagen Group Deliveries Worldwide 
In 2021, the Volkswagen Group deliveries to customers worldwide decreased by 4.5% to 8,881,957 vehicles. 
3.9.1.3 Passenger car deliveries 
The following tables show the Volkswagen Group's passenger car deliveries to customers, broken down by markets 
and brands, for the periods indicated (figures include the Chinese joint ventures): 
Deliveries to customers by markets (units)(1) 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2021 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2020 
Change 
(%) 
 
 
 
 
Europe/Other markets ...................................................................................  
3,698,882 
3,779,397  
-2.1 
Western Europe ..........................................................................................  
2,761,568 
2,848,474  
-3.1 
of which: Germany .................................................................................  
959,748 
1,065,811  
-10.0 
France .....................................................................................  
238,366 
222,520  
+7.1 
United Kingdom .....................................................................  
422,594 
409,016  
+3.3 
Italy .........................................................................................  
248,414 
239,167  
+3.9 
Spain .......................................................................................  
220,148 
213,700  
+3.0 
Central and Eastern Europe ......................................................................  
624,815 
652,819  
-4.3 
of which: Czech Republic ......................................................................  
114,250 
112,586  
+1.5 
Russia .....................................................................................  
204,772 
221,811  
-7.7 
Poland .....................................................................................  
120,831 
126,883  
-4.8 
Other Markets .............................................................................................  
312,499 
278,104  
+12.4 
of which: Turkey ....................................................................................  
121,885 
121,129  
+0.6 
South Africa............................................................................  
72,847 
64,693  
+12.6 
North America................................................................................................  
876,558 
784,299  
+11.8 
of which: USA ........................................................................................  
647,521 
574,822  
+12.6 
Canada ....................................................................................  
98,829 
83,531  
+18.3 
Mexico ....................................................................................  
130,208 
125,946  
+3.4 
South America ................................................................................................  
436,852 
440,326  
-0.8 
of which: Brazil ......................................................................................  
311,519 
336,773  
-7.5 
Argentina ................................................................................  
56,186 
57,555  
-2.4 
Asia-Pacific .....................................................................................................  
3,598,455 
4,110,782  
-12.5 
of which: China ......................................................................................  
3,301,444 
3,844,679  
-14.1 
India ........................................................................................  
52,481 
28,423  
+84.6 
Japan .......................................................................................  
65,549 
66,935  
-2.1 
Worldwide ......................................................................................................  
8,610,747 
9,114,804  
-5.5 
 _______________________________  
(1) Deliveries for 2020 have been updated or amended to reflect subsequent statistical trends. The figures include the Chinese joint ventures.

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
Deliveries to customers by brands (units)(1) 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2021 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2020 
Change 
(%) 
Volkswagen Passenger Cars ............................................................................  
4,896,914 
5,328,090  
-8.1 
ŠKODA  ..........................................................................................................  
878,202 
1,004,816  
-12.6 
SEAT/CUPRA .................................................................................................  
470,531 
426,641  
+10.3 
Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles ..................................................................  
359,546 
371,609  
-3.2 
Audi .................................................................................................................  
1,680,512 
1,692,773  
-0.7 
Lamborghini ....................................................................................................  
8,405 
7,430  
+13.1 
Bentley .............................................................................................................  
14,659 
11,206  
+30.8 
Porsche .............................................................................................................  
301,915 
272,162  
+10.9 
Bugatti(2) ..........................................................................................................  
63 
77 
-18.2 
Total ................................................................................................................  
8,610,747 
9,114,804 
-5.5 
 
 
(1) Deliveries for 2020 have been updated or amended to reflect subsequent statistical trends. The figures include the Chinese joint ventures. 
(2) Until October 31, 2021. 
 
3.9.1.4 Commercial vehicle deliveries 
The following tables show the Volkswagen Group's commercial vehicle deliveries to customers, broken down by 
markets and brands, for the periods indicated: 
Deliveries to customers by markets (units)(1) 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2021 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2020 
Change 
(%) 
Europe/Other markets ................................................................................  
149,427 
127,893  
+16.8 
of which: EU27+3 .......................................................................................  
119,029 
105,131  
+13.2 
of which: Germany ..................................................................  
32,130 
31,859  
+0.9 
Russia ..........................................................................................  
11,293 
8,486  
+33.1 
Turkey .........................................................................................  
4,398 
2,681  
+64.0 
South Africa ................................................................................  
3,942 
3,111  
+26.7 
North America.............................................................................................  
31,869 
1,502  
x 
of which: USA .............................................................................................  
24,239 
- 
x 
Mexico .........................................................................................  
5,375 
1,498 
x 
South America .............................................................................................  
77,774 
49,372  
+57.5 
of which: Brazil ...........................................................................................  
65,005 
40,855  
+59.1 
Asia-Pacific ..................................................................................................  
12,140 
11,420  
+6.3 
Worldwide ...................................................................................................  
271,210 
190,187  
+42.6 
 
 
1 Deliveries for 2020 have been updated or amended to reflect subsequent statistical trends. From July 1, 2021, the figures include Navistar. 
 
Deliveries to customers by brands (units)(1) 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2021 
Year Ended 
December 
31, 2020 
Change 
(%) 
Scania.............................................................................................................. 
90,366 
72,085  
+25.4 
MAN ............................................................................................................... 
150,968 
118,102 
+27.8 
Navistar ........................................................................................................... 
29,876 
-  
x 
Total ............................................................................................................... 
271,210 
190,187  
+42.6 
 
 
1 Deliveries for 2020 have been updated or amended to reflect subsequent statistical trends. From July 1, 2021, the figures include Navistar. 
 
3.9.1.5 Passenger Car and Light Commercial Vehicle deliveries 
With its passenger car brands, the Volkswagen Group is present in all relevant automotive markets around the 
world. The Volkswagen Group's key sales markets currently include Western Europe, China, the United States of 
America, Brazil, Russia, Mexico, Turkey and Poland. 
Sales of Volkswagen Group passenger cars and light commercial vehicles worldwide declined by 5.5 % in 2021 
compared to 2020 to 8,610,747 units (2020: 9,114,804 units). Market conditions that resulted from the uncertainty 
and the measures taken around the world in connection with the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic have had a material 
impact in 2020 and 2021. With regard to the trend in deliveries to customers, there were some appreciable 
differences across individual countries and regions in 2021, depending on the latest infection rates, the related

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
restrictions and the scale of disruption caused by the pandemic in 2020. Furthermore, supply bottlenecks for 
semiconductors and the resulting limited availability of Group models meant that demand could not be adequately 
met in some regions, particularly from the third quarter of 2021 onwards. While the number of vehicles delivered 
to customers in the individual months of the first half of 2021 only failed to exceed their respective 2020 figures 
in January, the number of vehicles delivered to customers in the second half of 2021 was below the comparative 
figure for the previous year in every month. Nevertheless, SEAT, Bentley, Lamborghini and Porsche all surpassed 
their prior year figures in 2021. In the North America, South America, Middle East and Africa regions, the 
Volkswagen Group registered higher sales figures in 2021 than in the previous year. 
In an overall global market exhibiting moderate growth, the Group achieved a passenger car market share of 11.7% 
in 2021 (2020: 12.9%). 
In Western Europe, the Volkswagen Group delivered 2,761,568 passenger cars and light commercial vehicles to 
customers in fiscal year 2021 (2020: 2,848,474) in an overall market experiencing a slight contraction. This was 
3.1 % fewer than in the previous year, which had been strained by the pandemic. While the course of the SARS-
CoV-2 pandemic and the restrictions introduced to contain it weighed on demand for Group models in the first 
quarter of 2021, there was an acceleration in demand, particularly at the beginning of the second quarter of 2021, 
as compared with the same quarter of the previous year, which had been affected most by the pandemic. This 
meant that the sales volume at the end of the first half of 2021 was higher than the comparable figure for 2020. 
From the third quarter of 2021 onwards, supply bottlenecks for semiconductors and the resulting limited 
availability of Group models increasingly meant that demand could not be adequately met. Consequently, the 
number of sales to customers fell again by the end of the year to below the prior-year figure. 
The Volkswagen Group's share of the passenger car market in Western Europe amounted to 23.5% in 2021 (2020: 
23.7%). 
In the Central and Eastern Europe region, the number of Volkswagen vehicles handed over to customers in 2021 
decreased by 4.3% to 624,815 (2020: 652,819). At the same time, the overall market recorded slightly higher 
volumes. The Volkswagen Group's share of the passenger car market in the Central and Eastern Europe region in 
2021 amounted to 20.5% (2020: 22.0%). 
In Turkey, the Volkswagen Group delivered 0.6% more vehicles to customers in 2021 than in 2020 with 121,885 
units (2020: 121,129) despite the distinct overall market downtrend. In the South African market, the number of 
Group models sold increased by 12.6% in 2021 compared to 2020 to 72,847 units (2020: 64,693), a somewhat 
slower rise than that registered in the overall market.  
In Germany, the number of Volkswagen Group vehicles handed over to customers in 2021 was down 10.0% to 
959,748 units (2020: 1,065,811) in an overall market that saw a noticeable decline. After impact of the SARS-
CoV-2 pandemic and early purchases made in the fourth quarter of 2020 in anticipation of the expiry of the 
temporary reduction in value-added tax (VAT) weighted on the volume of deliveries in the first quarter of 2021, 
demand recovered during the second quarter of 2021. Consequently, the volume of vehicles sold at the end of the 
first half of 2021 was higher than the comparative figure for 2020. The limited vehicle availability resulting from 
bottlenecks in the supply of semiconductors had an increasing impact on the Group's deliveries from the third 
quarter of 2021, and the number of vehicles handed over to customers therefore fell short of the 2020 figures again 
by the end of the year. 
In North America, the number of Volkswagen Group vehicles delivered to customers in 2021 increased by 11.8% 
to 876,558 units (2020: 784,299). The North American market had been weakened by the pandemic, and thus 
outperformed the overall market. The Group's share of the market in this region amounted to 4.9% in 2021 (2020: 
4.6%).  
In the US market, which is witnessing moderate growth, the Volkswagen Group delivered 12.6% more vehicles 
to customers in 2021 compared to 2020. In Canada, the number of vehicles delivered to Volkswagen Group 
customers rose by 18.3% in 2021 compared with 2020. The overall market recorded a smaller increase during this 
period. In Mexico, where the market as a whole is seeing distinct growth, the Volkswagen Group sold 3.4% more 
vehicles to customers in 2021 than in the prior year. 
In the South American market for passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, which is seeing significant growth, 
the number of Group models handed over to customers decreased by 0.8% to 436,852 units in 2021 compared to 
prior-year figure (2020: 440,326). The Group's share of the market in South America amounted to 12.4% in 2021 
(2020: 14.1%). In the Brazilian market, which experienced slight growth, the Volkswagen Group's delivered 
vehicles to customers decreased 7.5% to 311,519 in 2021 (2020: 336,773). In Argentina, the number of 
Volkswagen Group vehicles handed over to customers in 2021 decreased by 2.4 % to 56,186 (2020: 57,555) in an 
overall market exhibiting noticeable growth.

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
In the Asia Pacific region, the Volkswagen Group saw deliveries to customers decrease by 12.5 % to 3,598,455 
units in 2021 compared with the prior year (2020: 4,110,782) in a market that is experiencing moderate growth 
overall. Bottlenecks in the supply of semiconductors were most prevalent in this region and had an increased 
impact from the third quarter of 2021 onwards. The Group's share of the passenger car market in this region 
amounted to 10.9% (2020: 13.1%). In China, the recovery of the market as a whole continued at a slower pace in 
2021, with Volkswagen Group delivering 14.1% fewer vehicles compared to 2020 (2021: 3,301,444; 2020: 
3,844,679). 
3.9.1.6 Commercial Vehicle Deliveries 
In 2021, the Volkswagen Group delivered 42.6% more commercial vehicles to customers worldwide than in the 
prior year, when demand was affected by a slump in core markets, which had been further intensified by the 
uncertainty generated by the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. The Group delivered a total of 271,210 commercial vehicles 
to customers in 2021 (2020: 190,187). Of such deliveries, trucks accounted for 230,151 units (a 47.2% increase 
compared to 2020) and buses for 18,857 units (a 16.6% increase compared to 2020). A total of 22,202 vehicles (a 
25.9% increase compared to 2020) from the MAN TGE van series were delivered.  
In the EU 27 states excluding Malta, but including the United Kingdom, Norway and Switzerland (EU27+3), sales 
increased by 13.2% in 2021 compared to the prior year, to a total of 119,029 units (2020: 105,131), of which 
92,038 were trucks and 5,451 were buses. The MAN brand delivered 21,540 vehicles from the MAN TGE van 
series.  
In Russia, sales increased to 11,293 units in 2021 (2020: 8,486), including 11,232 trucks and 61 buses. Deliveries 
in Turkey increased to 4,398 vehicles in fiscal year 2021 (2020: 2,681). Trucks accounted for 4,204 units and 
buses for 28 units, while 166 vehicles from the MAN TGE van series were sold. In South Africa, deliveries of 
Volkswagen Group commercial vehicles increased by 26.7% compared to prior year figures, to a total of 3,942 
units (2020: 3,111); of this figure 3,610 were trucks and 332 were buses. 
Sales in North America increased in fiscal year 2021 to 31,869 vehicles compared to the prior year (2020: 1,502); 
this included 25,815 trucks and 6,054 buses. From July 1, 2021, the figures also include Navistar's sales (29,003) 
whose vehicles were mostly handed over to customers in the United States. 
Deliveries in South America in 2021 increased to a total of 77,774 vehicles (2020: 49,372), an increase of 57.5% 
compared to 2020, of which 72,955 were trucks and 4,812 were buses. Sales in Brazil increased by 59.1% in fiscal 
year 2021 to 65,005 units (2020: 40,855). Of the units delivered, 61,571 were trucks and 3,434 were buses. 
In the Asia Pacific region, the Volkswagen Group sold 12,140 vehicles to customers in 2021 (2020: 11,420) an 
increase of 6.3% compared to 2020. Among these, 11,262 were trucks and 860 were buses. 
3.9.1.7 Worldwide Development of Inventories 
Global inventories of new vehicles at Group companies and in the dealer organization were much lower at the end 
of the 2021 fiscal year than at year-end 2020. 
3.9.1.8 Production 
In 2021, the Volkswagen Group produced 8,282,954 vehicles (including the Chinese joint ventures), 6.9% less 
than in the same period of the previous year. 2020 had been marked by the impact of national measures to contain 
the pandemic, which had led to the disruption of supply chains with production subsequently being halted in the 
Volkswagen Group. In fiscal year 2021 as well, supply shortages, especially for semiconductors, resulted in 
production cutbacks so that the total annual production volumes dropped even further. Navistar has been included 
in the Group figures since July 1, 2021. In Germany, production contracted by 9.2% to a total of 1,483,281 vehicles 
in 2021. 
3.10 
Volkswagen Group Financial Services 
The Financial Services Division combines the Volkswagen Group's dealer and customer financing, leasing, 
banking and insurance activities, fleet management and mobility offerings. The division comprises Volkswagen 
Financial Services and the financial services activities of Scania and Porsche Holding Salzburg. It also includes 
contracts signed by Volkswagen Group's international joint ventures. Since July 1, 2021, it has also included the 
financial services business of Navistar.

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
3.10.1 
Figures for 2021 
The Financial Services Division's products and services were popular in fiscal year 2021, though the SARS-CoV-
2 pandemic and supply chain bottlenecks weighed on demand. At 8.6 million, the number of new financing, 
leasing, service and insurance contracts worldwide in 2021 was on the previous year's level (2020: 8.6 million). 
The ratio of leased or financed vehicles to Group deliveries (penetration rate) in the Financial Services Division's 
markets increased to 36.1% in 2021 (2020: 35.5%). As of December 31, 2021, the total number of contracts was 
24.5 million, up 1.7% from year end 2020. The number of contracts in the customer financing/leasing area fell by 
3.2% to 11.6 million, while it increased by 6.4% to 12.9 million in the service/insurance area.  
In the Europe/Other Markets region, the financial services business was still impacted by the SARS-CoV-2 
pandemic in 2021. The semiconductor shortage also had a detrimental effect. The number of new contracts signed 
in 2021 was 6.3 million and therefore reached the level of the previous year (2020: 6.3 million). In 2021, the 
penetration rate decreased to 48.8% (2020: 50.1%). At 18.0 million, the total number of contracts at the end of 
2021 exceeded the 2020 figure of 17.6 million. The customer financing/leasing area accounted for 7.4 million of 
these contracts in 2021 (a 2.8% decrease compared to 2020), while 10.5 million contracts related to the 
service/insurance area (or a 5.2% increase compared to 2020). 
At 983 thousand, the number of new contracts signed in North America in 2021 increased by 5.0% compared to 
the previous year. The ratio of leased or financed vehicles to Group deliveries in North America fell to 59.9% in 
2021 (2020: 67.0%) as deliveries grew at a higher rate than new contracts. The number of contracts in North 
America as at December 31, 2021 was 3.2 million (2020: 3.1 million). The increase resulted from the number of 
contracts acquired from Navistar. The customer financing/leasing area accounted for 1.9 million contracts (a 
decrease of 2.4% compared to 2020) and 1.4 million contracts (a 12.4% increase compared to 2020) related to the 
service/insurance area. 
In the South America region, the number of new contracts signed increased to 332 thousand (2020: 318 thousand) 
in 2021. The penetration rate rose to 34.5% (2020: 32.7%). The total number of contracts as of December 31, 2021 
was higher than in 2020. The contracts mainly related to the customer financing/leasing area. 
In 2021, the number of new contracts signed in the Asia-Pacific region fell by 5.7% compared to 2020, to 1.0 
million units. The ratio of leased or financed vehicles to Group deliveries in 2021 was unchanged at 17.7% (2020: 
17.7%). The total number of contracts in 2021 amounted to 2.6 million (2020: 2.6 million). The number of 
contracts in the customer financing/leasing area in 2021 fell by 5.5 % to 1.8 million, while it increased by 13.5 % 
to 0.8 million in the service/insurance area. 
3.11 
Volkswagen Group Sales Revenue and Profit 
Unless otherwise indicated, the 2021 and the 2020 financial figures have been taken or derived from the 2021 
Annual Financial Statements. 
3.11.1 
Figures for 2021 compared to 2020 
In 2021, the Volkswagen Group generated sales revenue of €250.2 billion, 12.3% more than in 2020, despite the 
decline in unit sales. Mix effects, better price positioning, and the good business performance of the Financial 
Services Division and the Commercial Vehicles Business Area particularly had a positive impact. Bottlenecks in 
the supply of semiconductors and the resulting limited availability of vehicles led to a reduction in vehicle sales. 
Changes in exchange rates also had a negative effect. At 82.3%, most of the sales revenue in 2021 was generated 
abroad (2020: 80.8%). 
Gross profit increased by €8.3 billion to €47.2 billion in 2021 compared to 2020. The gross margin (gross profit 
divided by sales revenue) went up to 18.9% in 2021 (2020: 17.5%). The Volkswagen Group's operating result 
before special items improved by €9.4 billion compared to 2020 to €20.0 billion in 2021. The operating return on 
sales before special items (operating result before special items divided by sales revenue) increased to 8.0% in 
2021 (2020: 4.8%). The 2021 increase was mainly attributable to positive mix effects, improved price positioning 
and positive effects of €2.5 billion (2020: -0.1 billion) from the measurement of derivatives to which hedge 
accounting is not applied (especially commodity hedging derivatives). The good business performance of the 
Financial Services Division also made a positive contribution. One-off expenses of €0.7 billion for restructuring 
measures were recognized in the Commercial Vehicles Business Area and these primarily include expenses from 
the sale of the commercial vehicle plant in Steyr, which became effective on August 31, 2021. In addition, incurred 
expenses of €0.5 billion in connection with the EU antitrust proceedings against Scania had a negative effect in 
2021. Special items in connection with the diesel issue also weighed on the 2021 operating result, reducing this 
item by €0.8 billion (2020: 0.9 billion). In 2021, the Volkswagen Group's operating result doubled to €19.3 billion

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
(2020: 9.7 billion), resulting in an increase in the operating return on sales (operating result divided by sales 
revenue) to 7.7% (2020: 4.3%). 
The financial result was €0.9 billion in 2021, a decrease of €1.1 billion compared to 2020. The other financial 
result included negative effects from forward purchase agreements for new shares in QuantumScape (€-0.6 
billion). In 2020, the measurement and realization of these forward agreements had led to a non-cash gain of 
€1.4 billion. Moreover, the share of the result of equity-accounted investments was down in 2021 compared to 
2020. This is primarily attributable to the lower profit generated by the Chinese joint ventures, which is again a 
reflection of the bottlenecks in the supply of semiconductors and the resulting limited availability of vehicles. The 
interest expenses included in the financial result increased, due mainly to the interest cost on provisions. In 2020, 
changes in share prices had weighed on net income from securities and funds as a result of the SARS-CoV-2 
pandemic. 
The Volkswagen Group's earnings before tax rose to €20.1 billion in 2021 (2020: €11.7 billion). The return on 
sales before tax (earnings before taxes divided by sales revenue) increased to 8.0% in 2021 (2020: 5.2%). Income 
taxes resulted in an expense of €4.7 billion (2020: 2.8 billion) in 2021, which in turn led to a tax rate of 23.3% 
(2020: 24.4%) (income tax expense divided by earnings before tax). Earnings after tax went up by €6.6 billion 
compared to 2020 to €15.4 billion in 2021. 
3.12 
Selected Historical Financial Information 
3.12.1 
Figures for 2021 and 2020 
The following consolidated operating and financial data were extracted from the Volkswagen Group's 2021 annual 
report: 
Volume Data1 (unaudited) 
2021 
2020 
% 
Vehicle sales (units) ..................................................................................  
8,575,590 
9,156,612 
-6.3% 
Production (units) .....................................................................................  
8,282,954 
8,900,154 
-6.9% 
Employees at December 31.......................................................................  
672,789 
662,575 
0.3% 
 
 
1 
Volume data including the unconsolidated Chinese joint ventures. These companies are accounted for using the equity 
method. 
 
 
Financial Data (IFRS), € million  
(audited unless otherwise indicated) 
2021 
2020 
% 
(unaudited) 
Sales revenue .............................................................................................  
250,200 
222,884 
+12.3 
Operating result1 ........................................................................................  
19,275 
9,675 
+99.2 
Earnings before tax ....................................................................................  
20,126 
11,667 
+72.5 
Earnings after tax .......................................................................................  
15,428 
8,824 
+74.8 
Earnings after tax attributable to Volkswagen AG shareholders ................  
14,843 
8,334 
+78.1 
Cash flows from operating activities ..........................................................  
38,633 
24,901 
+55.1 
Automotive Division2 
 
 
 
Total research and development costs7 ...................................................  
15,583 
13,885 
+12.2 
R&D ratio (as a percentage)3 7 .............................................................  
7.6 
7.6 
x 
Cash flows from operating activities7 .....................................................  
32,402 
24,721 
+31.1 
Capex4 7 ...............................................................................................  
10,496 
11,065 
-5.1 
as a percentage of sales revenue4 7 ....................................................  
5.1 
6.1 
x 
Net cash flow5 7 .......................................................................................  
8,610 
6,357 
+35.4 
Net liquidity at December 316 7 ...............................................................  
26,685 
26,796 
-0.4 
 
 
Operating result on the Volkswagen Group level as well as R&D ratio, capex as a percentage of sales revenue, net cash flow 
and net liquidity in the Automotive Division are − amongst others − core performance indicators, which are derived from 
the current strategic goals and therefore are the basis of the internal management system. All figures are disclosed in the 
annual reports of Volkswagen AG for the respective periods. 
1 
Operating result is defined as sales revenue net of cost of sales, distribution expenses, administrative expenses and 
other operating income/expenses in the income statement. 
2 
Including allocation of consolidation adjustments between the Automotive and Financial Services divisions. 
3 
R&D ratio in the Automotive Division is defined as total research and development costs in relation to the Automotive 
Division's sales revenue.

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
4 
Capex in the Automotive Division is defined as investments in intangible assets (excluding capitalized development 
costs), property, plant and equipment, and investment property (2021: €10,496 million, 2020: €11,065 million) and as 
percentage of sales revenue of the Automotive Division (2021: €206,237 million, 2020: €182,106 million). 
5 
Net cash flow in the Automotive Division is defined as cash flows from operating activities (2021: €32,402 million, 
2020: €24,721 million), net of cash flows from investing activities attributable to operating activities (investing 
activities excluding change in investments in securities, loans and time deposits) (2021: €23,793 million, 2020: 
€18,364 million). 
6 
Net liquidity in the Automotive Division is defined as the total of cash and cash equivalents (December 31, 2021: 
€24,899 million, December 31, 2020: €23,758 million), securities, loans to affiliates and joint ventures and time 
deposits (December 31, 2021: €16,200 million, December 31, 2020: €15,868 million) net of third-party borrowings 
(noncurrent and current financial liabilities) (December 31, 2021: €14,413 million, December 31, 2020: 
€12,830 million). 
7 
Unaudited. 
 
3.13 
Historical Financial Information 
The English language translations of the German language audited consolidated financial statements of VWAG as 
of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and the independent auditor's reports 
(Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) thereon are incorporated herein by reference and 
form part of this Prospectus. The consolidated financial statements of VWAG as of and for the years ended 
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional 
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB). 
3.14 
Statutory Auditors 
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Hanover office ("EY Germany"), Landschaftstraße 8, 
30159 Hanover, Germany, audited the German language consolidated financial statements of VWAG as of and 
for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
and the additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB), and issued German language unqualified independent auditor's 
reports (uneingeschränkte Bestätigungsvermerke des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) thereon. EY Germany 
conducted its audits of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
December 31, 2020 in accordance with section 317 German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and the 
German generally accepted standards for financial statement audits promulgated by the Institute of Public Auditors 
in Germany (Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer in Deutschland, IDW). 
EY Germany is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Körperschaft des 
öffentlichen Rechts), Berlin, Germany. 
3.15 
Trend Information 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since December 31, 2021, the date of 
its last published audited consolidated financial statements (see also: "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact" and "– 
Recent Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict"). 
A material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor may occur after the date of its last published audited 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such material adverse change 
would – should it occur – relate mainly to the diesel issue of Volkswagen AG, as discussed in detail under "Risk 
Factors —Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to 
conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel 
engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further investigations, and related 
civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, 
results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to 
make payments under its securities." and "Volkswagen is exposed to risks in connection with product-related 
guarantees and warranties as well as the provision of voluntary services, in particular in relation to recall 
campaigns." and "Legal and Arbitration Proceedings — Diesel Issue". The outcome of the diesel issue may have 
a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, and may, as a consequence, influence Volkswagen in an 
unfavorable manner. 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of Volkswagen Group since December 31, 2021, 
the date for which financial information has been published (see also: "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact" and 
"Recent Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict"). 
3.16 
Significant Changes in the Guarantor's Financial Position 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of Volkswagen since December 31, 2021, the date 
for which financial information has been published (see also: "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact" and "Recent 
Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict"). 
3.17 
Recent Developments 
3.17.1 
Porsche IPO 
The Board of Management of Volkswagen AG announced on February 24, 2022 that, with the consent of the 
Supervisory Board, it had entered into a key issues agreement with Porsche Automobil Holding SE, on the basis 
of which the feasibility of a possible IPO for Porsche AG would be investigated. The actual feasibility of an IPO 
will depend on a large number of different parameters and the general market conditions. No final decisions have 
been made at this stage. If the IPO is to go ahead, Porsche AG's share capital is to be divided into 50% preferred 
shares and 50% ordinary shares, and as part of a possible IPO up to 25% of the preferred shares are to be placed 
on the capital market. In connection with the possible IPO, Porsche Automobil Holding SE would acquire 25% 
plus one share of the ordinary shares of Porsche AG from Volkswagen AG at the placement price plus a premium 
of 7.5%. Volkswagen AG would continue to hold a majority interest in Porsche AG and fully consolidate the 
company in its consolidated financial statements. The industrial cooperation between Volkswagen AG and Porsche 
AG would be continued after any IPO. Volkswagen AG would use the gains from a possible IPO of Porsche AG 
to accelerate the industrial and technological transformation of the Volkswagen Group. This includes investments 
in the transformation of global production capacities for electric vehicles and the financing of additional growth. 
If there is a successful IPO, Volkswagen AG will also propose to shareholders the distribution of a special dividend 
in the amount of 49% of the total gross proceeds from the placement of the preferred shares and the sale of the 
ordinary shares. 
3.17.2 
Russia-Ukraine conflict 
As of the date of this prospectus, it is not possible to conclusively assess the specific effects of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict, nor is it possible to predict with sufficient certainty to what extent further escalation of the conflict will 
impact the global economy and growth in the industry in fiscal year 2022. There is a risk that the developments in 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict will have a negative impact on the Volkswagen Group's business. This may also result 
from bottlenecks in the supply chain. The Volkswagen Group does not have any material subsidiaries and equity 
investments in Ukraine. In Russia, the Volkswagen Group has in particular the production company at the Kaluga 
site, as well as sales units and financing companies. They could be adversely affected by the sanctions already 
resolved, but also by new sanctions and general developments in Russia. In relation to the net assets, financial 
position and results of operations of the Volkswagen Group, the business activities of the Volkswagen Group in 
these two countries are insignificant. There is a risk that a further escalation of the conflict could have a material 
adverse effect on the results of operations, financial position and net assets of the Volkswagen Group. 
3.18 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
3.18.1 
Board of Management 
The Board of Management of Volkswagen AG shall consist of at least three members. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, its members are: 
Name 
Position at Volkswagen AG 
Dr. Ing. Herbert Diess .......................................................  
Chairman; Chairman of the Brand Board of Management 
of Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Volume brand group, 
China 
Murat Aksel ......................................................................  
Procurement 
Dr. Arno Antlitz ................................................................  
Finance and IT

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
Name 
Position at Volkswagen AG 
Dr. Oliver Blume ..............................................................  
Chairman of the Executive Board of Porsche AG, Sport & 
Luxury brand group 
Ralf Brandstätter ...............................................................  
Chief Executive Officer of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars 
brand 
Dr. Manfred Döss(1) ..........................................................  
Integrity and Legal Affairs 
Mr. Markus Duesmann .....................................................  
Chairman of the Board of Management of AUDI AG, 
Premium brand group 
Gunnar Kilian ...................................................................  
Human Resources and Organization, Truck and Bus brand 
group 
Thomas Schmall-von Westerholt ......................................  
Technology 
Hauke Stars(1) ....................................................................  
IT and Organization 
Hildergard Wortmann(1) ....................................................  
Sales 
 _________________  
(1) Appointed as of February 1, 2022.  
 
The members of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG hold the following additional mandates in 
supervisory bodies1: 
Name 
Additional activities (as of December 31, 2020) 
Dr. Ing. Herbert Diess ........................................................... 
FC Bayern München AG, Munich; Infineon Technologies 
AG, Neubiberg2 
Gunnar Kilian ....................................................................... 
Wolfsburg AG, Wolfsburg 
 _________________  
1 
As part of their duty to manage and supervise the Volkswagen Group's business, the members of the Board of 
Management hold other offices on the supervisory boards of consolidated Volkswagen Group companies and other 
significant investees. 
2 
Membership of statutory supervisory boards in Germany. 
 
3.18.2 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG shall consist of 20 members. As of the date of this Prospectus, its 
members are: 
Name, Position 
Principal activities outside Volkswagen AG 
Hans Dieter Pötsch ............................................................  
Chairman 
Chairman of the Executive Board and Chief Financial 
Officer of Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt(1) 
• 
Autostadt GmbH, Wolfsburg (1) 
• 
Bertelsmann Management SE, Gütersloh(1) 
• 
Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, Gütersloh(1) 
• 
Dr. Ing. h.c.F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart(1) 
• 
TRATON SE(2), Munich (Chairman) 
• 
Wolfsburg AG, Wolfsburg(1) 
• 
Porsche Austria Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg 
(Chairman)(2) 
• 
Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg 
(Chairman)(2) 
• 
Porsche Retail GmbH, Salzburg (Chairman)(2) 
• 
VfL Wolfsburg-Fußball GmbH, Wolfsburg 
(Deputy Chairman)(2) 
Dr. Hussain Ali Al-Abdulla ..............................................  
Member of the Board of Directors of the Qatar Investment 
Authority 
• 
Gulf Investment Corporation, Safat/Kuwait(2) 
• 
Qatar Investment Authority, Doha(2) 
• 
Qatar Supreme Council for Economic Affairs and 
Investment, Doha (2) 
Dr. Hessa Sultan Al-Jaber .................................................  
 
• 
Malomatia, Doha(2) 
• 
MEEZA, Doha(2) 
• 
Qatar Satellite Company (Es'hailSat), Doha(2) 
• 
Trio Investment, Doha(2) 
Dr. Bernd Althusmann ......................................................  
Minister of Economic Affairs, Labor, Transport and 
Digitalization for the Federal State of Lower Saxony 
• 
Deutsche Messe, AG, Hanover (Chairman)(1) 
• 
Container Terminal Wilhelmshaven JadeWeserPort-
Marketing GmbH & Co. KG, Wilhelmshaven 
(Chairman)(2)

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
Name, Position 
Principal activities outside Volkswagen AG 
• 
JadeWeserPort Realisierungs GmbH & Co. KG, 
Wilhelmshaven (Chairman)(2) 
• 
JadeWeserPort Realisierungs-Beteiligungs GmbH, 
Wilhelmshaven (Chairman)(2) 
• 
Niedersachsen Ports GmbH & Co. KG, Oldenburg 
(Chairman)(2) 
Daniela Cavallo*...............................................................  
Chairwoman of the General and Group Works Councils of 
Volkswagen AG 
 
• 
Volkswagen Financial Services AG(1) 
Matías Carnero Sojo* .......................................................  
Chairman of the General Works Council of SEAT 
 
• 
UGT Catalunya (2) 
Dr. jur. Hans-Peter Fischer* .............................................  
Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen 
Management Association 
• 
Volkswagen Pension Trust e.V., Wolfsburg(2) 
Marianne Heiß ..................................................................  
Chief Financial Officer of BBDO Group Germany GmbH, 
Düsseldorf 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt(1) 
• 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE, Stuttgart(1)  
Jörg Hofmann* .................................................................  
Deputy Chairman 
First Chairman of IG Metall 
• 
Robert Bosch GmbH, Stuttgart(1) 
Ulrike Jakob* ....................................................................  
Deputy Chairwoman of the Works Council of Volkswagen 
AG, Kassel plant 
n.a. 
Dr. Louise Kiesling ...........................................................  
Businesswoman 
n.a. 
Peter Mosch* ....................................................................  
Chairman of the General Works Council of AUDI AG 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt (Deputy Chairman)(1) 
• 
Audi Pensionskasse – Altersversorgung der AUTO 
UNION GmbH, VVaG, Ingolstadt(1) 
Bertina Murkovic* ............................................................  
Chairwoman of the Works Council of Volkswagen 
Commercial Vehicles 
• 
MOIA GmbH, Berlin 
Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch................................................  
Lawyer in private practice 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt(1) 
• 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart(1) 
• 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE, Stuttgart (Deputy 
Chairman)(1) 
• 
Porsche Cars Great Britain Ltd., Reading(2) 
• 
Porsche Cars North America Inc., Atlanta(2) 
• 
Porsche Greater China, consisting of: Porsche 
(China) Motors Limited and Shanghai Porsche Hong 
Kong Limited, Hong Kong. 
• 
Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg(2) 
• 
Schmittenhöhebahn AG, Zell am See(2) 
• 
Volksoper Wien GmbH, Vienna(2) 
Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche .....................................  
Member of the Board of Management of Familie Porsche 
AG Beteiligungsgesellschaft 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt(1) 
• 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart(1) 
• 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE, Stuttgart(1) 
• 
Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg(2) 
• 
Porsche Lizenz- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH & 
Co. KG, Ludwigsburg(2) 
Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang Porsche ....................................  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Porsche Automobil 
Holding SE 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. 
Porsche AG 
• 
AUDI AG, Ingolstadt(1) 
• 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart (Chairman)(1) 
• 
Porsche 
Automobil 
Holding 
SE, 
Stuttgart 
(Chairman)(1) 
• 
Familie 
Porsche 
AG 
Beteiligungsgesellschaft, 
Salzburg (Chairman)(2) 
• 
Porsche Cars Great Britain Ltd., Reading(2) 
• 
Porsche Cars North America Inc., Atlanta(2)

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
Name, Position 
Principal activities outside Volkswagen AG 
• 
Porsche Greater China, consisting of: Porsche 
(China) Motors Limited and Shanghai Porsche Hong 
Kong Limited, Hong Kong. 
• 
Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., Salzburg(2) 
• 
Schmittenhöhebahn AG, Zell am See(2) 
Jens Rothe .........................................................................  
Chair of the General Works Council and the Works 
Council of the VW Sachsen GmbH Zwickau plant 
• 
VW Sachsen GmbH(1) 
Conny Schönhardt* 
Secretary to the Board of IG Metall Trade Union 
n.a. 
Stephan Weil* ...................................................................  
Minister-President of the Federal State of Lower Saxony 
n.a 
Mr. Werner Weresch* .......................................................  
Chairman of the General and Group Works Council of Dr. 
Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG 
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, Stuttgart 
 _________________________  
* 
Employee representative. 
(1) Membership of statutory supervisory boards in Germany. 
(2) Comparable appointments in Germany and abroad. 
 
The members of the Board of Management and the members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at 
Volkswagen AG's business address: Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, Generalsekretariat, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 
Wolfsburg, Germany. 
The following family relationships exist between the members of the Supervisory Board: Dr. jur. Hans Michel 
Piëch and Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang Porsche are cousins. In addition, Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche is a nephew 
of the aforementioned members of the Supervisory Board. Dr. Louise Kiesling is a niece of Dr. jur. Hans Michel 
Piëch. There are no family relationships among the remaining members of the Supervisory Board. 
Some of the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board are also members of executive 
bodies of Volkswagen Group companies, which are companies in which Volkswagen AG has a substantial interest, 
and of key shareholders of Volkswagen AG, so-called dual mandates. 
Such dual mandates are, for example, held by Ms. Hauke Stars, who is simultaneously a member of the Supervisory 
Board of AUDI AG. A member of the Board of Management, Dr. Oliver Blume, is simultaneously the Chairman 
of the Board of Management of Porsche AG. 
Dual mandates also exist in relation to key shareholders of Volkswagen AG and the members of its governing 
bodies. 
Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch, Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche and Marianne Heiß are simultaneously members of 
the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG and members of the Supervisory Board of Porsche Automobil Holding 
SE. Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang Porsche, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Porsche Automobil Holding SE, is 
simultaneously a member of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG. 
Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch and Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche are simultaneously members of the Supervisory 
Board of Volkswagen AG and members of the Supervisory Board of Porsche AG. Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang 
Porsche, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Porsche AG, is simultaneously a member of the Supervisory Board 
of Volkswagen AG. 
Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch, Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche, Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang Porsche, Peter Mosch 
and Marianne Heiß are members of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG and members of the Supervisory 
Board of AUDI AG. 
Due to the dual mandates, there could be instances in which there arises a conflict of interest in the structuring of 
business relationships between Volkswagen companies, as well as with other companies outside the Volkswagen 
Group, or a disadvantageous exercise of influence over the Volkswagen Group's business. This is particularly the 
case given the background that, due to the overlap of personnel and the Volkswagen Group's structure, decision-
making within the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board cannot take place as independently as would 
be the case for subsidiaries which are not as connected with their parent company in the same manner. To the

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
extent that conflicts of interest occur, the relevant members deal with them in a responsible manner and in 
accordance with legal requirements. 
In the event of regular termination of their service on the Board of Management, the members of the Board of 
Management are entitled to a pension, including a surviving dependents' pension as well as the use of company 
cars for the period in which they receive their pension. The agreed benefits are paid or made available when the 
Board of Management member reaches the age of 63 or 65. If the appointment to the Board of Management is 
terminated for cause through no fault of the Board of Management member, the claims are limited to a maximum 
of 2 years' remuneration. No severance payment is made if the appointment to the Board of Management is 
terminated for good cause for which the Board of Management member is responsible. 
Dr. Louise Kiesling, Dr. jur. Hans Michel Piëch, Dr. jur. Ferdinand Oliver Porsche and Dr. rer. comm. Wolfgang 
Porsche are members of the Supervisory Board and are indirect owners of voting rights in Volkswagen AG. 
Apart from the facts indicated above, there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
Guarantor of the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board and their private interests and 
or other duties. 
3.19 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Various legal risks could potentially have materially adverse consequences for Volkswagen's business, results of 
operations, financial position and net assets. 
3.19.1 
Diesel Issue 
The Volkswagen Group is involved in extensive investigations and legal proceedings in relation to the diesel issue 
as further detailed below. See also "Risk Factors — Risk Factors regarding Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft and 
Volkswagen Group — Government authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are 
continuing to conduct investigations of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust 
emissions from diesel engines in certain Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further 
investigations, and related civil and criminal litigation, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's 
business, financial position, results of operations, and reputation, as well as the prices of its securities, including 
the Notes, and its ability to make payments under its securities". 
3.19.1.1 Overview of the Diesel Issue 
The diesel issue is rooted in a modification of parts of the software of the relevant engine's control units – which, 
according to Volkswagen AG's legal position, is only unlawful under US law – for the type EA 189 diesel engines 
that Volkswagen AG was developing at that time. 
In the months following publication of a study by the International Council on Clean Transportation in May 2014, 
Volkswagen AG's Powertrain Development department checked the test set-ups on which the study was based for 
plausibility and confirmed the unusually high NOx emissions from certain US vehicles with type EA 189 2.0 l 
diesel engines. The California Air Resources Board (CARB) – a part of the environmental regulatory authority of 
California – was informed of this result, and, at the same time, Volkswagen offered to recalibrate the engine control 
unit software of type EA 189 diesel engines in the US. This measure was evaluated and adopted by the Ausschuss 
für Produktsicherheit (APS – Product Safety Committee), which initiates necessary and appropriate measures to 
ensure the safety and conformity of Volkswagen AG's products that are placed in the market. 
In the course of the summer of 2015, it became successively apparent to individual members of Volkswagen AG's 
Board of Management that the cause of the discrepancies in the US was a modification of parts of the software of 
the engine control unit, which was later identified as an unlawful "defeat device" as defined by US law. This 
culminated in the disclosure of the existence of a "defeat device" in certain US vehicles with diesel engines to EPA 
and CARB on September 3, 2015. According to the assessment of the responsible persons dealing with the matter 
at that time, the scope of the costs expected by the Volkswagen Group (recall costs, retrofitting costs and financial 
penalties) was not fundamentally dissimilar to that of previous cases involving other vehicle manufacturers, and, 
therefore, appeared to be manageable overall with a view to the business activities of the Volkswagen Group. This 
assessment by the Volkswagen Group was based, among other things, on the advice of a law firm engaged in the 
US for compliance issues, according to which similar cases in the past were resolved amicably with the US 
authorities. 
On September 18, 2015, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") publicly announced in a "Notice of 
Violation" that irregularities in relation to nitrogen oxide ("NOx") emissions had been discovered in emissions 
tests on certain vehicles of Volkswagen Group with type 2.0 l diesel engines in the US. In this context, on

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
September 22, 2015, Volkswagen AG announced that noticeable discrepancies between the figures achieved in 
testing and in actual road use had been identified in type EA189 diesel engines and that around eleven million 
vehicles with such engines were sold worldwide. On November 2, 2015, the EPA issued a second "Notice of 
Violation" alleging that irregularities had also been discovered in the software installed in U.S. vehicles with type 
V6 3.0 l diesel engines. 
Numerous governmental proceedings seeking damages, recalls and/or technical fixes for affected diesel vehicles, 
criminal and administrative proceedings, consumer, dealer and salespersons claims and investor lawsuits were 
subsequently initiated in the US, Canada, Germany and the rest of the world. 
After the first Notice of Violation was issued, Volkswagen AG initiated its own internal inquiries and an external 
investigation. The Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG formed a special committee to coordinate the activities 
relating to the diesel issue for the Supervisory Board. To resolve U.S. criminal law charges, Volkswagen AG and 
the DoJ entered into a Plea Agreement, which includes a Statement of Facts. At the end of March 2021, the 
Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG announced the completion of the investigation initiated in October 2015 
into the causes of and those responsible for the diesel issue. The Board resolved to claim damages from Prof. Dr. 
Martin Winterkorn, former Chair of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, and from Rupert Stadler, 
former member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG and former Chair of the Board of Management 
of AUDI AG, for breach of their duty of care under stock corporation law. The investigation found no breaches of 
duty by other members of the Volkswagen AG Board of Management. The resolution was based on a review of 
liability claims conducted by a law firm on behalf of the Supervisory Board and the negligent breaches of duty 
identified in the resulting report. The investigation covered all members of the Board of Management who were 
in office during the relevant period. Furthermore, claims for damages were asserted against individual former 
members of the Audi and Porsche boards of management. Claims were already asserted against a former member 
of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars brand Board of Management. In June 2021, Volkswagen and Audi entered into 
damage settlements (liability settlements) with Prof. Winterkorn and Mr. Stadler respectively in connection with 
the diesel issue. Prof. Winterkorn's total damage compensation amounts to €11.2 million and that of Mr. Stadler 
to €4.1 million. Volkswagen has furthermore reached agreement with the relevant insurers under its directors and 
officers liability policies (D&O insurance) on payment of an aggregate sum of €270 million (coverage settlement). 
In addition, agreement was reached on damage payments by a former member of Audi's Board of Management 
and by a former member of Porsche's Board of Management. 
Work in respect of the legal proceedings that are still pending in the US and the rest of the world is ongoing, will 
require considerable efforts and coordination from Volkswagen, may demand significant management resources, 
and is expected to continue for some time. In connection with this further work, Volkswagen AG is being advised 
by a number of external law firms. Ongoing legal proceedings related to the diesel issue could result in further 
considerable financial charges. 
The diesel issue has affected and will continue to affect Volkswagen's business, financial position and results of 
operations. From 2015 to 2021, Volkswagen recognized over €30 billion in expenses directly related to the diesel 
issue, adversely affecting its operating profit, financial position and results of operations. 
Contingent liabilities were disclosed in relation to the diesel issue as of December 31, 2021 in the aggregate amount 
of €4.3 billion (December 31, 2020: €4.2 billion), of which lawsuits filed by investors account for €3.6 billion 
(December 31, 2020: €3.5 billion). Also included are certain elements of the class action lawsuits relating to the 
diesel issue as well as criminal proceedings/misdemeanor proceedings as far as these can be quantified. As some 
of these proceedings are still at a very early stage, the plaintiffs have in a number of cases so far not specified the 
basis of their claims and/or there is insufficient certainty about the number of plaintiffs or the amounts being 
claimed. 
Evaluating known information and making reliable estimates for provisions is a continuous process. The 
provisions recognized, and the contingent liabilities disclosed as well as the other latent legal risks in the context 
of the diesel issue are in part subject to substantial estimation risks given the complexity of the individual relevant 
factors and the ongoing coordination with the authorities, and that the fact-finding efforts – excluding the 
investigations by the Supervisory Board – have not yet been concluded. As a result, Volkswagen could be subject 
to further considerable financial charges that exceed its current estimates, and, in addition depending on the 
jurisdiction, Volkswagen may be required to pay accrued interest on any successful claim amounts. Furthermore, 
new information not known to Volkswagen's Board of Management at present may surface, requiring further 
revaluation of the amounts estimated. Considerable financial charges may be incurred, and further substantial 
provisions may be necessary as the issues and legal risks, fines and penalties crystallize. 
Tax legislation varies from country to country and taxes related to vehicle registration or vehicle ownership are 
based on a variety of parameters. Investigations by various regulatory and government authorities, including in

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
areas relating to tax, are ongoing. However, should any tax demands be made, Volkswagen may be required to 
make additional payments, which would thus increase costs. 
3.19.1.2 Coordination with authorities on technical measures 
In coordination with the respective responsible authorities, Volkswagen Group is making technical measures 
available designed to rectify the diesel issue in affected diesel vehicles worldwide. In this context, within the 
Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen AG has development responsibility for the four-cylinder diesel engines such as 
the type EA 189, and AUDI AG has development responsibility for the six- and eight-cylinder diesel engines such 
as the type V6 3.0 l and V8 diesel engines. These measures have resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
significant expenses for the Volkswagen Group. 
In the United States and Canada, where Volkswagen's planned actions for the four-cylinder and six-cylinder diesel 
engines must be approved by U.S. regulators, intensive exchanges of information with the authorities have resulted 
in approval of emissions modifications for these engines in certain vehicles in the markets. Due to NOx limits in 
the United States and Canada that are considerably stricter than in the EU and much of the rest of the world, it is 
a greater technical challenge to refit the vehicles so that the emission standards defined in the U.S. settlement 
agreements for these vehicles can be achieved. In 2017 and 2018, the EPA/CARB issued the outstanding approvals 
needed for the technical solutions for affected vehicles with 2.0 l TDI and with V6 3.0 l TDI engines. In the case 
of 2.0 l Generation 2 diesel vehicles with manual transmissions, Volkswagen elected to withdraw the approved 
emissions modification proposal, whereby owners were given the option of a buyback and lessees were given the 
option of early lease termination. Further field measures with financial consequences cannot be ruled out 
completely at this time. On October 31, 2018, after discussions with DOJ, EPA, and CARB, the parties agreed to 
modify the First and Second Partial Consent Decrees to clarify that Volkswagen may repair certain technical issues 
with approved emissions modifications through an "AEM Correction" (Approved Emissions Modification 
Correction). 
Where emissions modifications have been approved by U.S. regulators, similar emissions recall programs to those 
in the U.S. have been developed for Canada. Because, as in the US, no repair will be available in Canada for 2.0 l 
Generation 2 manual transmission vehicles, consumers in possession of these vehicles had the option to participate 
in the Canadian settlement and receive a buyback, trade-in or early lease termination or, if they had not already 
made a claim or received benefits, opt out of the settlement between June 15, 2018 and August 15, 2018. 
Volkswagen may be required to repurchase any other 2.0 l Generation 2 diesel vehicles with manual transmissions 
and any other diesel vehicles sold in the US, Canada and elsewhere, even if not covered under a settlement. This 
could lead to further significant costs. For example, in Canada, as agreed with the federal environmental regulator, 
any owners or lessees of manual transmission 2.0 l Generation 2 diesel vehicles who made a claim by the 
September 1, 2018 settlement deadline could surrender their vehicle, even if they were not eligible under the 
Canadian settlement. Furthermore, if the technical solutions implemented by Volkswagen in order to rectify the 
diesel issue are not implemented in a timely or effective manner or have an undisclosed negative effect on the 
performance, fuel consumption or resale value of the affected vehicles, regulatory proceedings and/or customer 
claims for damages could be brought in the future. 
In October and December 2015, the KBA ordered the Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Volkswagen Commercial 
Vehicles, SEAT and Audi brands to recall all EA189 diesel vehicles that had been issued with vehicle type 
approval by the KBA. The recall concerned the member states of the European Union (EU 27). Volkswagen Group 
has been recalling the affected vehicles, of which there are around 8.5 million in total in the EU 27, to service 
workshops since January 2016. The technical measures differ in scope depending on the engine variant. The 
technical measures cover software and in some cases hardware modifications, depending on the series and model 
year. The KBA has ascertained for all clusters (groups of vehicles) that the implementation of the technical 
measures would not bring about any adverse changes in fuel consumption figures, CO2 emissions figures, engine 
power, maximum torque and noise emissions. On Volkswagen's voluntary notification the KBA approved a 
voluntary modification for the technical measures for one class of EA189 engines (1.2l 3-cylinder only). In 
addition, in February 2020, Volkswagen together with AUDI AG proposed a voluntary modification to the onboard 
monitoring system (On-Board Diagnosis (OBD)) for certain vehicles equipped with EA 288 EU6 diesel engines, 
which has been accepted by the KBA in March 2020 for Volkswagen; whereas for AUDI AG the proposed 
voluntary modification has been accepted by the SNCH, the Luxembourg national certification and homologation 
authority (Société Nationale de Certification et d'Homologation, "SNCH") in April 2020. The implementation of 
the modification has been accepted by the KBA and is under varying stages of its roll-out. 
Following the studies carried out by AUDI AG to check all relevant diesel concepts for possible irregularities and 
retrofit potential, measures proposed by AUDI AG have been adopted and mandated by the KBA in various recall 
orders pertaining to vehicle models with V6 and V8 TDI engines. AUDI AG continues to anticipate that the total 
cost, including recall expenses, of the ongoing largely software-based retrofit program that began in July 2017 will

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
be manageable and has recognized corresponding balance-sheet risk provisions. AUDI AG has in the meantime 
developed software updates for many of the affected powertrains and, after approval by the KBA, already installed 
these updates in the vehicles of a large number of affected customers. The few software updates still being 
developed are expected to be submitted to the KBA for approval early in the second quarter of 2022. 
In some countries outside the EU (excluding US and Canada), vehicles are homologated by national type approval 
authorities; the technical measure had to be approved by the national authorities. This approval process has been 
concluded in all countries. 
On April 4, 2018, the Korean Ministry of Environment ("KME") ordered a recall after it categorized (i) certain 
emissions strategies in the engine control software of various AUDI, Volkswagen and Porsche brand diesel 
vehicles with a V6 or V8 engine, and (ii) the Dynamic Shift Program (DSP) in the gearbox control in some AUDI 
vehicle models, as prohibited defeat devices. On August 21, 2019, the KME further announced that it has 
categorized an injection strategy of urea solution as an illegal emission defeat device and (i) revoked the 
certifications of eight AUDI, Volkswagen and Porsche brand diesel vehicles with V6 engines, (ii) issued a recall 
order and administrative fines, and (iii) referred the manufacturers to the prosecutors' office in criminal 
proceedings. 
In addition, AUDI is responding to requests from the U.S. authorities for information regarding automatic 
gearboxes in certain vehicles. See also "Diesel Issue − Proceedings in relation to automatic transmissions". 
3.19.1.3 Criminal and administrative proceedings worldwide (excluding the United States/Canada) 
Criminal investigations, regulatory offense proceedings, and/or administrative proceedings have been opened in 
some countries (in Germany for example by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin")). The public prosecutor's offices in Braunschweig and Munich are 
investigating the core issues of the diesel case.  
In April 2019, the Braunschweig Office of the Public Prosecutor issued an indictment against, among others, 
Volkswagen AG's former CEO, Martin Winterkorn, charging, among other things, fraud relating to type EA 189 
engines in connection with the diesel issue. In September 2019, the Braunschweig Office of the Public Prosecutor 
furthermore indicted the current and a former Chairman of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG as well 
as a former member of its Board of Management (currently Chairman of the Supervisory Board) on charges of 
market manipulation relating to capital market disclosure obligations in connection with the diesel issue. The 
Braunschweig Regional Court has named Volkswagen AG as a collateral participant in the proceedings. 
The September 2019 proceedings have been fully dismissed with regard to one current and one former board 
member and with regard to Volkswagen AG; and so have the related BaFin proceedings in relation to the same 
individuals and Volkswagen AG. The capital market proceedings with regard to the former Chairman of the Board 
of Management of Volkswagen AG have been provisionally terminated but may be reinstated depending on the 
outcome in the investigations relating to fraud in connection with the type EA 189 engines. Furthermore the Public 
Prosecutor in Braunschweig is investigating further allegations of fraud related to type EA 288 diesel vehicles. 
In July 2019, the Munich II Office of the Public Prosecutor issued an indictment, against, among others, Rupert 
Stadler, the former Chairman of the Board of Management of AUDI AG, charging, among other things, fraud 
relating to 3.0l TDI engines in connection with the diesel issue. In June 2020, the Munich II Regional Court 
allowed the prosecution's charges in respect to four suspects, including the former Audi CEO, and opened the main 
proceedings. The trial began in September 2020. 
In connection with the diesel issue, the Stuttgart Office of the Public Prosecutor is conducting a criminal 
investigation on suspicion of fraud and illegal advertising; this investigation also involves a member of the Board 
of Management of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG. 
As the type approval authority of proper jurisdiction, the KBA is moreover continuously testing Audi, 
Volkswagen, and Porsche brand vehicles for problematic functions. If certain functions are deemed impermissible 
by the KBA, the affected vehicles are recalled pursuant to a recall order or they are brought back into compliance 
by means of a voluntary service measure. 
Furthermore, additional administrative actions relating to the diesel issue are ongoing in other jurisdictions. The 
companies of the Volkswagen Group continue to cooperate with the government authorities. Whether the criminal 
and administrative proceedings will ultimately result in fines or other consequences for the Volkswagen Group, 
and if so what amounts these may entail, is currently subject to estimation risks. Should these proceedings result 
in adverse court decisions against the individuals involved, this could have a negative impact on the outcome of 
other proceedings against Volkswagen and/or could have other material adverse financial consequences. In

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
connection with the various criminal proceedings, offices of Volkswagen AG and its subsidiaries have been 
searched by different public prosecutor's offices. Contingent liabilities have been disclosed in cases where they 
can be assessed and for which the likelihood of a sanction was deemed not lower than 10%. Provisions were 
recognized to a small extent. 
3.19.1.4 Product-related lawsuits worldwide (excluding the United States/Canada) 
Customers, consumer associations and/or environmental associations in the affected markets have filed civil 
lawsuits against Volkswagen AG, other Volkswagen Group companies and non-Volkswagen Group importers and 
dealers involved in the sales process. In addition, it is possible that importers and dealers could assert claims 
against Volkswagen, for example through recourse claims. Further lawsuits are possible. Many of these 
proceedings are in an early procedural stage and it is difficult to assess their prospects of success or to quantify the 
exposure. In some proceedings it is even impossible to define the claimants' precise causes of action or allegations. 
However, should these actions be resolved in favor of the claimants, they could result in significant civil damages, 
fines, the imposition of penalties, sanctions, injunctions and other consequences. 
Customer class action lawsuits and actions brought by consumer and/or environmental organizations are pending 
against Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group companies in a number of countries including Belgium, 
Brazil, England and Wales, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, and South Africa. Alleged rights 
to damages and other relief are asserted in these actions. The pending actions include in particular the following: 
In Australia, two civil suits filed against Volkswagen AG and other Group companies by the Australian 
Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) were settled for the sum of AUD 75 million in the second half 
of 2019. On appeal, the amount of the settlement was increased to AUD 125 million by final judicial ruling in 
2021.  
In Belgium, the Belgian consumer organization Test Aankoop VZW has filed a class action to which an opt-out 
mechanism has been held to apply. Given the opt-out rule, the class action potentially covers all vehicles with type 
EA 189 engines purchased by consumers on the Belgian market after September 1, 2014, unless the right to opt 
out is actively exercised. The asserted claims are based on purported violations of unfair competition and consumer 
protection law as well as on alleged breach of contract.  
In Brazil, two consumer protection class actions are pending. The first of these class actions pertains to some 
17 thousand Amarok vehicles and the second to roughly 67 thousand later generation Amaroks. In the first class 
action, an appeals judgment was rendered in May 2019 that only partially upheld the lower court's decision. This 
judgment initially reduced the damage liability of Volkswagen do Brasil considerably to around BRL 172 million. 
This amount can increase as a result of the adjudicated inflation rate and the assertion of individual claims alleging 
declines in the value of affected Amarok vehicles. The appeals judgment remains non-final since Volkswagen do 
Brasil has appealed it to a higher court. The second class action was dismissed as inadmissible in October 2021. 
The judgment was appealed. 
The financialright GmbH filed consolidated actions before various German courts asserting claims assigned to it 
by customers in Germany, Slovenia, and Switzerland against Volkswagen Group companies. Following the 
withdrawal of numerous motions for relief, approximately 36 thousand claims are currently still pending. Some 
cases have in the meantime moved to the first or second appeals level. There is, however, as yet no high court 
ruling on the permissibility of the business model of financialright GmbH.  
In England and Wales, suits filed in court by various law firms have been joined in a single collective action (group 
litigation). Because of the opt-in mechanism, not all vehicles with type EA 189 engines are automatically covered 
by the group litigation; potential claimants must instead take action in order to join. To date, some 91 thousand 
plaintiffs have registered claims under the group litigation, for which the opt-in period has expired. Further plaintiff 
law firms have registered roughly 105 thousand additional claims with the court. The question of liability on the 
part of Volkswagen was not among the preliminary issues that the High Court decided in April 2020 and will be 
dealt with at a later stage of the proceedings. The main trial proceedings are to begin in January 2023. In addition, 
in late 2021 a new lawsuit was filed in court against Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) 
Limited, and other Volkswagen Group companies in connection with diesel vehicles with various other engines 
types leased or sold in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland since 2009. 
In France, a class action is pending that was filed by the French consumer organization Confédération de la 
Consommation, du Logement et du Cadre de Vie (CLCV) against Volkswagen Group Automotive Retail France 
and Volkswagen AG for up to 1 million French owners and lessees of vehicles with type EA 189 engines. This is 
an opt-in class action.

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
In Italy, a trial level judgment in favor of the plaintiffs was rendered by the Venice Regional Court in July 2021 
in the class action brought by the consumer association Altroconsumo on behalf of Italian customers; the judgment 
requires Volkswagen AG and Volkswagen Group Italia to pay damages to some 63 thousand consumers in an 
aggregate amount of roughly €185 million. Volkswagen AG and Volkswagen Group Italia have appealed this 
decision.  
In the Netherlands, an opt-out class action is pending that was brought by Stichting Volkswagen Car Claim seeking 
declaratory rulings for up to 165 thousand customers. A declaratory judgment partially granting the relief sought 
was issued in July 2021. In the opinion of the court, Volkswagen AG and the other defendant Group companies 
acted unlawfully with respect to the original engine management software. The court moreover held that 
consumers are entitled to a purchase price reduction from the defendant dealerships. No specific payment 
obligations result from the declaratory judgment. Any individual claims would then have to be established 
afterwards in separate proceedings. Volkswagen AG and the other defendant Group companies have appealed the 
decision. Furthermore, an opt-out class action lawsuit brought by the Diesel Emissions Justice Foundation seeking 
monetary damages on behalf of Dutch consumers is also pending. It currently remains unclear whether other 
consumers in addition to those in the Netherlands may join this class action. The class action relates to vehicles 
with type EA 189 engines, among others.  
In Portugal, a Portuguese consumer organization has filed an opt-out class action. The class action potentially 
affects up to approximately 99 thousand vehicles with type EA 189 engines. The complaint seeks vehicle return 
and alleges damages as well.  
In South Africa, an opt-out class action seeking damages is pending that pertains to some 8 thousand vehicles with 
V6 and V8 TDI engines in addition to approximately 72 thousand vehicles with type EA 189 engines.  
Furthermore, individual lawsuits and similar proceedings are pending against Volkswagen AG and other 
Volkswagen Group companies in various countries; most of these lawsuits are seeking damages or rescission of 
the purchase contract.  
In Germany, roughly 60 thousand individual lawsuits relating to various diesel engine types are currently pending 
against Volkswagen AG or other Group companies, with the plaintiffs suing for damages or rescission of the 
contract in most cases.  
In 2020, the Federal Court of Justice (BGH – Bundesgerichtshof) issued a series of fundamental judgments 
deciding legal issues of major importance for the litigation still pending with regard to vehicles with type EA 189 
engines. The BGH held that buyers who had purchased vehicles prior to public disclosure of the diesel issue had 
damage claims against Volkswagen AG. While buyers can require reimbursement of the purchase price paid, they 
must accept a deduction for the benefit derived from using the vehicle and must return it to Volkswagen AG. 
Buyers have no tort-based claim for damages if they purchased their vehicles after the ad hoc announcement of 
September 22, 2015 or if they raise claims based solely on a temperature-dependent emissions control feature (so-
called thermal window) in the engine. In February 2022, the BGH issued further fundamental judgments 
concerning vehicles with EA 189 motors deciding that buyers of new vehicles of the Volkswagen brand were 
entitled to so-called residual damage claims against Volkswagen AG after the knowledge-based limitation period 
has expired. As a result, Volkswagen AG has to repay the purchase price of the vehicle or the price paid by the 
dealer. The BGH decided that the claims for residual damages do not extend beyond claims of ordinary damages. 
Buyers need to subtract the value of usage and can only demand payment of the residual damages if they in return 
relinquish the vehicle. Prior to this the BGH had decided that, in contrast, buyers of used vehicles are not entitled 
to residual damages. 
Contingent liabilities are disclosed for these proceedings where the amount of such liabilities can be measured and 
the chance that the plaintiff will prevail was assessed as not implausible. Since many of these proceedings are still 
in an early procedural stage, it is in many cases not yet possible to quantify the realistic risk exposure. Furthermore, 
provisions were recognized to the extent necessary based on the current assessment. 
At this time, it cannot be estimated how many customers will choose to file lawsuits in the future in addition to 
those already pending and what prospect of success such lawsuits might have. 
3.19.1.5 Investor proceedings outside the United States and Canada 
Private and institutional investors from Germany and abroad have filed claims seeking significant damages against 
Volkswagen AG – in some cases along with Porsche Automobil Holding SE (Porsche SE) as joint and several 
debtors – based on purported losses due to alleged misconduct in capital market communications in connection 
with the diesel issue. The claims relate to Volkswagen AG's shares and other securities, including bonds, issued 
by Volkswagen Group companies, as well as third-party securities.

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
The vast majority of these investor lawsuits are currently pending before the Braunschweig Regional Court. In 
August 2016, the Braunschweig Regional Court issued an order referring common issues of law and fact relevant 
to the investor lawsuits pending before it to the Higher Regional Court in Braunschweig for binding declaratory 
rulings pursuant to the German Act on Model Case Proceedings in Disputes under Capital Markets Law (Capital 
Markets Model Case Act – KapMuG (Kapitalanleger-Musterverfahrensgesetz)). In this proceeding, common 
issues of law and fact relevant to these actions are to be adjudicated by the Braunschweig Higher Regional Court 
in a single consolidated proceeding (model case proceedings). The lawsuits filed with the Braunschweig Regional 
Court are stayed pending resolution of the common issues, unless the cases can be dismissed for reasons 
independent of the common issues that are to be adjudicated in the model case proceedings. The resolution in the 
model case proceedings of the common issues of law and fact will be binding for the pending cases that have been 
stayed as described. The model case plaintiff is Deka Investment GmbH. Oral argument in the model case 
proceedings before the Braunschweig Higher Regional Court began in September 2018 and is continuing at 
subsequent hearings. The latest indication from the court was that it may take evidence on certain points.  
Further investor lawsuits have been filed with the Stuttgart Regional Court against Volkswagen AG, in some cases 
along with Porsche SE as joint and several debtor. A further investor action for a binding declaratory ruling 
pursuant to the KapMuG is pending before the Stuttgart Higher Regional Court against Porsche SE; Volkswagen 
AG is involved in this action as a third party intervening in support of a party to the dispute. The Wolverhampton 
City Council, Administrating Authority for the West Midlands Metropolitan Authorities Pension Fund, has been 
appointed model case plaintiff. Oral argument in this case began in July 2021 and is to be continued.  
In the Netherlands, an unquantified action filed by a shareholder association seeking a determination that 
Volkswagen AG had supposedly misled the capital markets was withdrawn in early July 2021 after the European 
Court of Justice held that the courts of the Netherlands lacked international jurisdiction in a similar case. 
Volkswagen AG consented to the withdrawal of the action. This terminated the litigation without precluding the 
filing of subsequent lawsuits.  
Excluding the United States and Canada and following the withdrawal of various actions, claims in connection 
with the diesel issue totaling roughly €9.5 billion (plus accessory claims) are currently pending worldwide against 
Volkswagen AG in the form of investor lawsuits, judicial applications for dunning and conciliation procedures, 
and claims under the KapMuG. Volkswagen AG remains of the opinion that it duly complied with its capital 
market obligations. Therefore, no provisions have been recognized for these investor lawsuits. Contingent 
liabilities have been disclosed where the chance of success was estimated to be not less than 10%. 
3.19.1.6 Special Audit 
In a November 2017 ruling, the Higher Regional Court of Celle ordered, upon the request of three US funds, the 
appointment of a special auditor for Volkswagen AG. The special auditor is to examine whether the members of 
the Board of Management and Supervisory Board of Volkswagen AG breached their duties in connection with the 
diesel issue from June 22, 2006 onwards and, if so, whether this resulted in damages for Volkswagen AG. The 
ruling by the Higher Regional Court of Celle is formally unappealable. However, Volkswagen AG has filed a 
constitutional complaint with the German Federal Constitutional Court alleging infringement of its constitutional 
rights. Following the formally unappealable ruling from the Higher Regional Court of Celle, the special auditor 
appointed by the court indicated that he was not available to conduct the special audit on grounds of age. In April 
2020, the Celle Higher Regional Court issued a ruling appointing a different special auditor. Volkswagen AG has 
filed a constitutional complaint with the Federal Constitutional Court contesting this formally unappealable 
decision as well on grounds of infringement of its constitutional rights and has suggested joinder of this matter 
with its initial constitutional complaint against the decision to appoint the special auditor. It is currently unclear 
when the Federal Constitutional Court will rule on the two constitutional complaints. The constitutional complaints 
have no suspensory effect. 
In addition, a second motion seeking appointment of a special auditor for Volkswagen AG to examine matters 
relating to the diesel issue has been filed with the Regional Court of Hanover. This proceeding has been stayed 
pending a decision by the Federal Constitutional Court in the initial special auditor litigation. 
3.19.1.7 Proceedings in the United States/Canada 
Following the publication of the EPA's "Notices of Violation" of the U.S. Clean Air Act, Volkswagen AG and 
other Volkswagen Group companies have been the subject of intense scrutiny, ongoing investigations (civil and 
criminal) and civil litigation. Volkswagen AG and/or other Volkswagen Group companies have received 
subpoenas and inquiries from state attorneys general and other governmental authorities and are responding to 
such investigations and inquiries. In addition, Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group companies in the US 
and Canada are facing litigation on a number of different fronts relating to the matters described in the EPA's 
"Notices of Violation".

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
A large number of putative class action lawsuits by consumers, investors, dealers and salespersons have been filed 
in U.S. federal courts and consolidated for pretrial coordination purposes in the federal multidistrict litigation 
proceeding in the State of California. 
On January 4, 2016, the DoJ, Civil Division, on behalf of the EPA, initiated a civil complaint against Volkswagen 
AG, AUDI AG and certain other Volkswagen Group companies. The action sought statutory penalties under the 
U.S. Clean Air Act, as well as certain injunctive relief, and was consolidated for pretrial coordination purposes in 
the California multidistrict litigation. On January 12, 2016, CARB announced that it intended to seek civil fines 
for alleged violations of the California Health & Safety Code and various CARB regulations. 
Volkswagen was able to end many significant court and governmental proceedings in the US by concluding 
settlement agreements. with (i) the DoJ on behalf of the EPA and the State of California on behalf of CARB and 
the California Attorney General, (ii) the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and (iii) private plaintiffs represented 
by a Plaintiffs' Steering Committee (PSC) in a multi-district litigation in California. The settlement agreements 
resolved certain civil claims made in relation to affected diesel vehicles in the US. Depending on the type of diesel 
engine, under the settlement agreements Volkswagen provided for, inter alia, free emissions modification of 
vehicles, buy-backs/trade-ins or early lease terminations, and made cash payments to affected current owners or 
lessees as well as certain former owners or lessees. Volkswagen also agreed to support environmental programs, 
make significant investments over a period of ten years in zero emissions vehicle infrastructure as well as 
corresponding access and awareness initiatives. Several thousand consumers initially opted out of the settlement 
agreements, and many of these consumers filed civil lawsuits seeking monetary damages for fraud and violations 
of state consumer protection acts. Various subsequent resolutions have eliminated the majority of the cases brought 
by the original consumer opt-outs. The first opt-out trial was held in late February and early March 2020 in the 
federal multidistrict litigation. In the aggregate, the ten opt-out plaintiffs were awarded a total of U.S.$28,735 in 
compensatory and punitive damages combined. The ten trial plaintiffs have appealed this decision to the Ninth 
Circuit; briefing on the appeal was completed in November 2021, and oral argument occurred on December 10, 
2021. 
The DoJ also opened a criminal investigation focusing on allegations that various federal law criminal offenses 
were committed. As part of its plea agreement, Volkswagen AG pleaded guilty on March 10, 2017 to three felony 
counts under US law: (i) conspiracy to defraud the US, to commit wire fraud and to violate the Clean Air Act, (ii) 
obstruction of justice, and (iii) using false statements to import cars into the US. The court accepted Volkswagen 
AG's guilty plea to all three charges and sentenced the company to three years' probation on April 21, 2017. The 
plea agreement provides for payment of a criminal fine of U.S.$2.8 billion. Pursuant to the terms of this agreement, 
Volkswagen was required to retain for a three-year period an external independent compliance monitor/compliance 
auditor to review and audit Volkswagen's compliance with its obligations under the settlement agreements. Larry 
D. Thompson was appointed as the independent compliance monitor in April 2017. This included overseeing the 
implementation of measures to further strengthen compliance, reporting and monitoring systems, including an 
enhanced ethics program. On October 17, 2019, Volkswagen announced that it was granted a 90-day extension by 
DOJ and the Monitor to demonstrate that it has met its commitments under the terms of the plea agreement. On 
September 14, 2020, the term of the plea agreement and the term of the Independent Compliance Monitor retained 
pursuant to the plea agreement expired. Volkswagen will also continue to cooperate with the DoJ's ongoing 
investigation of individual employees or former employees who may be responsible for criminal violations. 
Additionally, the term of the Independent Compliance Auditor under the Third Partial Consent Decree and the 
Third California Partial Consent Decree ended earlier in June 2020. 
Volkswagen AG, AUDI AG and other Volkswagen Group companies have further agreed to pay a combined civil 
penalty of U.S.$ 1.45 billion to resolve U.S. federal customs-related claims in the US. Furthermore, Volkswagen 
AG and Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. have agreed to pay a smaller civil penalty to the DoJ to settle other 
potential claims arising under federal statute. DoJ investigations into the conduct of various individuals relating to 
the diesel issue remain ongoing. Volkswagen is required to cooperate with these investigations. In the event of 
non-compliance with the terms of the plea agreement, Volkswagen could face further penalties and prosecution. 
Volkswagen has also resolved the claims of Volkswagen-branded franchise dealers in the US relating to the 
affected vehicles and other matters asserted concerning the value of the franchise. The settlement agreement 
includes a cash payment of up to U.S.$ 1.2 billion and additional benefits. Certain individual Volkswagen branded 
franchise dealers either opted out of the settlement agreement or were not included in the settlement class definition 
and pursued individual claims in individual actions, but those actions have been resolved. Additionally, a putative 
class action of Volkswagen salespersons who work at franchise dealerships filed suit alleging claims for lost 
income in the federal multidistrict litigation in California. The court dismissed this action with prejudice in October 
2020. Plaintiffs appealed this decision to the Ninth Circuit, and, on December 6, 2021, the Ninth Circuit affirmed 
the dismissal.

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
Moreover, investigations by various U.S. regulatory and government authorities, including in areas relating to 
securities, tax and financing, are ongoing. On March 14, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court 
for the Northern District of California, against Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC, 
VW Credit Inc., asserting claims under US federal securities law based, among other things, on alleged 
misstatements and omissions in connection with the offer and sale of certain bonds and asset-backed securities. 
The SEC complaint seeks permanent injunctions, disgorgement of allegedly ill-gotten gains with prejudgment 
interest, and civil penalties. In August 2020, the court granted in part and denied in part Volkswagen's motion to 
dismiss. The claims dismissed by the court included all claims against VW Credit, Inc. related to asset-backed 
securities. In September 2020, the SEC filed an amended complaint that, among other things, removed the 
dismissed claims. Moreover, private plaintiffs purporting to represent a putative class of individuals who purchased 
or leased TDI vehicles but who no longer owned or leased those vehicles filed a class action complaint in the 
federal multidistrict litigation in California. The court dismissed the complaint in November 2020. Plaintiffs 
appealed this decision to the Ninth Circuit, which affirmed the lower court's decision on January 20, 2022. 
In the US, Volkswagen has reached separate agreements with the attorneys general of all 50 states, the District of 
Columbia and Puerto Rico to resolve their existing or potential consumer protection and unfair trade practices 
claims in connection with both 2.0l TDI and 3.0l TDI vehicles in the US. Volkswagen has also reached separate 
agreements with the attorneys general of seventeen US states (California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Maine, 
Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode 
Island, Vermont, and Washington) to resolve their existing or potential future claims for civil penalties and 
injunctive relief for alleged violations of environmental laws. The attorney general of one other US state (Texas) 
and some municipalities have suits pending in state and federal courts against Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Group 
of America, Inc. and/or certain affiliates, alleging violations of environmental laws. The environmental claims of 
nine states – Alabama, Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, and Wyoming – as well 
as Hillsborough County (Florida), Salt Lake County (Utah), and two Texas counties, have been dismissed in full 
or in part by trial or appellate courts as preempted by federal law. On June 1, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for 
the Ninth Circuit reversed in part the dismissal of the claims asserted by Hillsborough County and Salt Lake 
County. On June 29, 2021, the Ohio Supreme Court affirmed a decision by an Ohio appellate court that permitted 
certain environmental claims by Ohio to proceed. Volkswagen sought to appeal the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Ninth Circuit and Ohio Supreme Court decisions to the U.S. Supreme Court, but on November 15, 2021, the U.S. 
Supreme Court declined to hear Volkswagen's appeals. 
On December 22, 2020, a Texas appellate court dismissed Texas's claims against Volkswagen AG and AUDI AG, 
concluding that they are not subject to jurisdiction in Texas in that case. On February 5, 2021, Texas sought 
discretionary review by the Texas Supreme Court of those decisions. On January 28, 2022, the Texas Supreme 
Court agreed to hear Texas's appeals. 
A putative class action has also been filed on behalf of purchasers of certain USD-denominated Volkswagen bonds, 
alleging that these bonds were trading at artificially inflated prices due to Volkswagen's alleged misstatements and 
omissions to disclose material facts, and that the value of these bonds declined after the EPA issued its "Notices 
of Violation". This lawsuit has also been consolidated in the federal multidistrict litigation proceeding in the State 
of California described above. On June 25, 2021, the Ninth Circuit granted Volkswagen's interlocutory appeal, 
reversing the district court's denial of Volkswagen's motion for summary judgment. In July 2021, plaintiff 
petitioned the Ninth Circuit for rehearing either before the original panel or en banc. On September 23, 2021, the 
Ninth Circuit denied the petition for rehearing or rehearing en banc. On October 12, 2021, the Ninth Circuit issued 
the mandate formally entering its judgment of reversal and remanding to the district court for determination as to 
whether summary judgment should be granted. 
In Canada, which has the same NOx emissions limits as the US, civil consumer claims and regulatory 
investigations have been initiated for vehicles with 2.0l and 3.0l diesel engines. Volkswagen reached settlements 
in Canada with consumers relating to 2.0l and 3.0l diesel vehicles, in December 2016 and January 2018, 
respectively, which, inter alia, provided for cash payments for completing free vehicle emissions modifications, 
buy-backs/trade-ins and early lease terminations, as applicable. Also, concurrent with the timing of the consumer 
settlements, Volkswagen Group Canada agreed with the Commissioner of Competition in Canada to civil 
resolutions of its regulatory inquiries into consumer protection issues as to 2.0l and 3.0l diesel vehicles. In 
December 2019, the Canadian federal environmental regulator filed charges against Volkswagen AG in respect of 
2.0l and 3.0l Volkswagen and Audi vehicles at the conclusion of its criminal enforcement-related investigation 
into the diesel issue. Volkswagen AG cooperated with the investigation and agreed to a plea resolution addressing 
all of the charges. In January 2020, Volkswagen AG pleaded guilty to the charges and agreed to pay a penalty of 
CAD 196.5 million, which was approved by the court. Following this approval, the Ontario provincial 
environmental regulator withdrew its action against Volkswagen AG charging a quasi-criminal enforcement-
related offense with respect to certain Volkswagen and Audi 2.0l diesel vehicles.

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
As to pending matters in Canada, an environmental class action has been authorized on behalf of residents in 
Quebec. This action was authorized by the court on the sole issue of whether punitive damages could be recovered 
and on the basis that unresolved questions about the viability of plaintiffs' damages theory would be a matter for 
trial. The case has been settled for an all inclusive payment of CAD 6.7 million. The settlement is pending court 
approval.  
Other class action and joinder lawsuits have also been filed in Canada, including alleged consumer protection and 
securities claims asserting damages among other things. While a class action filed in Quebec provincial court was 
authorized as to claims relating to Volkswagen AG's shares, ADRs and debt securities, the case was dismissed by 
the Quebec court on April 16, 2020 for lack of jurisdiction. The Quebec Court of Appeal has affirmed that 
dismissal. October 2021. A similar class action pertaining to shares and ADRs was also filed in the Province of 
Ontario. On August 15, 2018, the Ontario proceeding was dismissed by the Ontario court. While an appeal from 
this Ontario court ruling was noticed on September 14, 2018, the appeal was resolved before a hearing and 
dismissed. 
3.19.1.8 Proceedings in relation to automatic transmissions 
Since November 2016, Volkswagen has been responding to information requests from the EPA and CARB related 
to automatic transmissions in certain vehicles. In August 2019, Volkswagen agreed with the EPA to forfeit 
approximately 220,000 Greenhouse Gas Emission Credits in response to the EPA's inquiry. Also in August 2019, 
Volkswagen and the Plaintiffs' Steering Committee announced the settlement of civil claims relating to 
approximately 98,000 Volkswagen, Audi, Porsche and Bentley vehicles. Volkswagen's testing of these vehicles in 
connection with the information requests resulted in a 1 mile per gallon change, when rounded according to EPA 
rules, in the fuel economy disclosed on the "Monroney label" required by US regulations. Under the settlement 
agreement, Volkswagen has paid approximately $96.5 million to compensate affected current and former owners 
or lessees. In February 2020, the court granted final approval of the settlement. Provisions were recognized by 
Volkswagen Bank GmbH and Volkswagen Leasing GmbH for possible claims in connection with financial 
services provided to consumers. 
In addition, other mass actions were filed in the federal multidistrict litigation in California and other courts 
alleging similar claims with respect to the existence of "defeat devices" in Audi brand vehicles with automatic 
transmissions. All of these mass actions have now been dismissed without prejudice by agreement of the parties. 
In Canada, two similar putative class actions, including for a national class, have been filed in Ontario and Quebec 
provincial courts against Audi AG, Volkswagen AG and U.S. and Canadian Volkswagen Group affiliates. A 
C$4.95 million national settlement with plaintiffs was approved by the courts in January 2021 to resolve both of 
the Canadian actions. 
3.19.2 
Potential regulatory issues relating to hardware and software components used in certain type approval 
measurements 
Porsche AG has discovered potential regulatory issues relating to vehicles for various markets worldwide. There 
are questions as to the permissibility of specific hardware and software components used in type approval 
measurements. Differences compared with production versions may also have occurred in certain cases. Based on 
the information presently available, current production is not affected, however. The issues are unrelated to the 
defeat devices that were at the root of the diesel issue. Porsche AG is cooperating with the relevant authorities 
including the Stuttgart Office of the Public Prosecutor, which is investigating the matter in Germany. Based on the 
available information, no formal criminal investigation has been opened against the company, however. Porsche's 
own internal investigations are still in progress. In January 2021, a consolidated complaint was filed with the US 
District Court for the Northern District of California alleging that the affected vehicles used certain software and/or 
hardware that resulted in increased emissions and/or overstated fuel economy estimates as compared to the results 
of certification testing. The defendants (Volkswagen AG, Porsche AG, and Porsche Cars North America, Inc.) 
have moved for dismissal of the action. 
3.19.3 
Investor Claims in connection with Porsche 
In 2011, ARFB Anlegerschutz UG (haftungsbeschränkt) filed a claim for damages against Volkswagen AG and 
Porsche SE for allegedly violating disclosure requirements under capital market law in connection with the 
acquisition of ordinary shares in Volkswagen AG by Porsche SE in 2008. The damages being sought based on 
allegedly assigned rights currently amount to approximately €2.26 billion plus interest. In April 2016, the Hanover 
Regional Court formulated numerous objects of declaratory judgment that the antitrust panel of the Higher 
Regional Court in Celle will decide on in model case proceedings under the KapMuG. At the first hearing in 
October 2017, the court already indicated that it currently sees no justification for claims against Volkswagen AG,

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
both because the pleadings are not sufficiently specific and for substantive legal reasons. The Higher Regional 
Court has yet to render a decision. Further hearings are scheduled for 2022. 
Volkswagen AG continues to consider the alleged claims to be without merit. However, in the event of a settlement 
or an unfavorable decision in the legal proceedings, Volkswagen AG could sustain considerable losses. 
3.19.4 
Antitrust Proceedings 
3.19.4.1 Europe 
In 2014, the European Commission opened antitrust proceedings against European truck manufacturers including 
MAN and Scania. With its first decision following individual settlements in July 2016 the European Commission 
fined five European truck manufacturers excluding MAN and Scania. MAN was not fined as the company had 
informed the European Commission about the irregularities as a key witness. With regard to Scania, the European 
Commission issued a contentious fine decision in September 2017 by which a fine of €0.88 billion was imposed. 
Scania had appealed to the European Court in Luxembourg that rendered its decision in February 2022. Scania 
appeal was fully rejected and the fining decision of the European Commission confirmed. As a result, Scania 
increased the provisions to €0.9 billion provision in connection with the proceedings. Scania is currently 
contemplating a further appeal to the European Court of Justice. As is the case in any antitrust proceedings, 
lawsuits for damages from a significant number of (direct and indirect) truck customers against MAN and Scania 
have been filed and will continue to be filed, which could result in substantial liabilities. 
Volkswagen was also subject to antitrust investigation by the European Commission in relation to potential 
collusion in the field of technical developments among certain European auto manufacturers. As part of an 
announced review, in November 2017, the European Commission examined documents in the offices of 
Volkswagen AG and AUDI AG. In April 2019, the European Commission issued an initial statement of objections 
to Volkswagen AG, AUDI AG and Porsche AG in connection with the Commission's antitrust investigation of the 
automobile industry. These objections stated the European Commission's preliminary evaluation of the matter. 
Following entry into a formal settlement procedure, the Commission in April 2021 issued a revised statement of 
objections raising charges that were considerably more narrow. On this basis, a settlement decision was issued on 
July 8, 2021 concluding the administrative action and assessing a total fine of roughly €502 million against the 
three brands. The subject matter scope of the decision is limited to the cooperation of German automobile 
manufacturers on individual technical questions in connection with the development and introduction of SCR 
(selective catalytic reduction) systems for passenger cars that were sold in the European Economic Area. The 
manufacturers are not charged with any other misconduct such as price fixing or allocating markets and customers. 
Volkswagen accepted the decision, which was served on July 12, 2021, and filed no appeal, thus allowing the 
decision to become final. 
KFTC, (the Korean competition authority) is analyzing potential violations based on the facts of the EU case. The 
final report of the KFTC's appointed case handler was issued in November 2021. Volkswagen AG, AUDI AG, 
and Porsche AG will reply to this report. Proceedings in this matter have also been finalized in Turkey. There, 
these three Group brands have received a decision from the competition authority that did not impose any fines on 
the three Group brands. Based on comparable matters, the Chinese competition authority has instituted proceedings 
against Volkswagen, Audi, and Porsche, among others, and issued requests for information. 
Furthermore, Volkswagen has been subject to an ongoing antitrust investigation by the German Federal Cartel 
Office in relation to potential anti-competitive behavior with regard to steel purchasing. Following proceedings 
against steel manufacturers on alleged price fixing, the Federal Cartel Office in June 2016 extended the scope of 
its investigation to certain steel processing companies as well as other steel customers including Volkswagen and, 
in this context, carried out an on-site inspection in the offices of Volkswagen AG in June 2016. The Volkswagen 
Group companies concerned have been cooperating fully with the Federal Cartel Office and reached an agreement 
to settle the case in November 2019. Volkswagen agreed to pay a fine of €48.8 million. 
3.19.4.2 United States and Canada 
In March 2020, the US District Court for the Northern District of California dismissed two putative class action 
complaints brought by purchasers of German luxury vehicles alleging that, since the 1990s, several automobile 
manufacturers, including Volkswagen AG and other Group companies conspired to unlawfully increase the prices 
of German luxury vehicles in violation of US antitrust and consumer protection law. The court held that the 
plaintiffs have not stated a claim for relief because the allegations in the complaints do not plausibly support the 
alleged agreements unreasonably restrained competition in violation of U.S. law. The plaintiffs appealed this 
ruling. In August 2021, the plaintiffs in one of the two class actions withdrew their appeal. In October 2021, the 
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the other class action by the US District Court for the 
Northern District of California. After receiving an extension until December 27, 2021, the plaintiffs in the latter

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
class action filed a motion for rehearing, which the Ninth Circuit denied on January 25, 2022. Those plaintiffs also 
filed on December 28, 2021 a motion seeking to set aside the District Court's October 2020 judgment and to be 
allowed to file a new amended complaint. 
Plaintiffs in Canada filed claims with similar allegations on behalf of putative classes of purchasers of German 
luxury vehicles against several automobile manufacturers, including Volkswagen Group Canada Inc., Audi 
Canada Inc., and other Group companies. 
Additionally, Volkswagen AG and certain of its former executives and a current director have been named as 
defendants in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 
The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 
10b-5 promulgated thereunder, based on allegations relating to statements in Volkswagen AG's Annual Reports 
for the years 2012 through 2016, including statements regarding Volkswagen AG's compliance measures, in 
particular those relating to competition and antitrust law. On May 20, 2021, the District Court dismissed with 
prejudice all of Plaintiffs' claims, holding that none of the statements identified by Plaintiffs gave rise to a cause 
of action under U.S. securities laws. On March 15, 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 
affirmed the District Court's dismissal of the action. 
In July 2019 Ford Motor Co., Honda Motor Co. Ltd., BMW of North America LLC and Volkswagen Group of 
America, Inc. announced a voluntary agreement with the CARB regarding CARB's enforcement position on 
greenhouse gas emissions and fuel economy standards. In August 2019 the DOJ's Antitrust Division wrote to each 
of these companies to express its concern that the agreement may violate federal antitrust laws and to request 
information regarding the agreement. After such information was provided, the DOJ closed its investigation in 
February 2020. 
3.19.5 
Nullification Lawsuits 
Two separate claims were initiated against Volkswagen in the District Court (Landgericht) of Hannover seeking 
nullification of certain resolutions passed at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders on June 22, 2016. 
Specifically, the first claim sought nullification of: (i) the discharge of members of the Board of Management for 
the financial year 2015, (ii) the discharge of members of the Supervisory Board for the financial year 2015 and 
(iii) the election to the Supervisory Board of Dr. Hessa Sultan Al-Jaber, Ms. Annika Falkengren, Dr. Louise 
Kiesling and Mr. Hans Dieter Pötsch. The second claim also addressed some of these same issues and specifically 
sought the nullification of the resolutions on: (i) the allocation of profits, (ii) the discharge of members of the 
Board of Management for the financial year 2015, (iii) the discharge of members of the Supervisory Board for the 
financial year 2015 and (iv) the election of Dr. Louise Kiesling and Mr. Hans Dieter Pötsch to the Supervisory 
Board. In September 2017, the District Court rejected all claims. An appeal against this decision was rejected by 
the Higher Regional Court in Celle in June 2018. Subsequently, the first claimant filed a complaint with the 
German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) to permit a second appeal and overrule the Regional Court's 
rejection of the claims. In July 2019, the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) rejected the 
complaint. 
On June 22, 2017, an additional claim was initiated against Volkswagen in the District Court (Landgericht) of 
Hannover seeking nullification of certain resolutions passed at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 
May 10, 2017. Specifically, the claim seeks nullification of: (i) the discharge of Mr. Matthias Müller from the 
Board of Management for the financial year 2016, (ii) the discharge of Mr. Hans Dieter Pötsch from the 
Supervisory Board for the financial year 2016, and (iii) the discharge of Mr. Stephan Weil from the Supervisory 
Board for the financial year 2016. In July 2018, the District Court of Hannover rejected the claim and the plaintiff 
filed an appeal with the Higher Regional Court in Celle. The appeal was withdrawn in March 2020. 
On August 23, 2021, two claims were initiated against Volkswagen in the District Court (Landgericht) of 
Hannover seeking nullification of certain resolutions passed at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 
July 22, 2021. Specifically, both claims seek nullification of: (i) the resolutions on the approval of settlement 
agreements with former Chairman of the Board of Management Professor Martin Winterkorn and former member 
of the Board of Management Rupert Stadler and (ii) the resolution on the approval of a settlement agreement with 
the D&O insurers of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. Additionally, the second claim seeks nullification of: (i) the 
discharge of the members of the Board of Management for the financial year 2020 and (ii) the discharge of the 
members of the Supervisory Board for the financial year 2020. 
3.19.6 
MAN Latin America Tax Proceedings 
In the tax proceedings between MAN Latin America Indústria e Comércio de Veículos Ltda. ("MAN Latin 
America") and the Brazilian tax authorities, the Brazilian tax authorities took a different view of the tax 
implications of the acquisition structure chosen by MAN SE for the acquisition of MAN Latin America in 2009.

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
The tax proceedings have been divided into two auditing periods, covering the years 2009/2011 (Phase 1) and 
2012/2014 (Phase 2). In December 2017, an adverse last instance judgment was rendered by the Brazilian 
Administrative Court (Phase 1), which was negative for MAN Latin America. MAN Latin America appealed this 
judgement before a regular judicial court in 2018. The tax proceeding related to Phase 2 is still pending judgment 
by the Brazilian tax authorities. Because of the potential range of penalties plus interest which could apply under 
Brazilian law, the estimated size of the risk in the event that the tax authorities are able to prevail overall with their 
view is uncertain. This could result in a risk of about EUR 0.5 billion (BRL 3.2 billion) as of September 30, 2021 
for the contested period from 2009 onward. This assessment is based on the accumulated accounts at the reporting 
date for the claimed tax liability including the potential penalty surcharges, as well as accumulated interest, but 
excluding any future interest and without discounting any cash flows. Several banks have issued bank guarantees 
for the benefit of MAN Latin America as is customary in connection with such tax proceedings, which in turn are 
secured by TRATON SE. 
3.19.7 
Navistar 
In December 2021, Navistar entered into a final Profit Sharing Settlement Agreement to terminate with past, 
present, and future effect certain disputes most recently litigated before an arbitration tribunal concerning the 
calculation of profit sharing amounts for purposes of Navistar's corporate retiree healthcare commitments. At the 
same time and in the same context, an agreement to settle the class action lawsuits was also reached with class 
action members; this agreement is still subject to approval by the supervising court, which will hear the class action 
members before ruling. The final agreement provides for a payment by Navistar in an amount of €491 million 
(USD 556 million); in fulfillment of the agreement, Navistar has already made an initial payments totaling €88 
million (USD 100 million). Navistar recognized provisions in this regard in prior periods. 
3.19.8 
Environmental claims 
In November 2021, three claimants supported by Greenpeace filed a lawsuit against Volkswagen AG before the 
Braunschweig Regional Court. The action seeks to compel Volkswagen to initially reduce in stages and by 
beginning of 2030 completely cease its production and sale of vehicles with internal combustion engines as well 
as to significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions from development, production, and marketing (including third 
party vehicle use). The lawsuit further seeks to compel Volkswagen to exercise influence over Group companies, 
subsidiaries, and joint ventures so as to cause them to fulfill these demands as well. Simultaneously, another action 
with identical requests for relief and by and large the same rationale has been filed by an organic farmer with the 
support of Greenpeace before the Detmold Regional Court. Volkswagen is analyzing the claims and will defend 
itself against them. 
3.19.9 
GT Gettaxi Ltd. proceedings 
In February 2020, Volkswagen AG and another defendant were served with a lawsuit filed by GT Gettaxi Ltd 
("Gett") in Cyprus. The lawsuit in particular alleges large damage claims and tortious wrongdoings by 
Volkswagen AG. Volkswagen is evaluating the alleged claims and defending itself against them. In August 2021, 
the court of first instance dismissed Gett's action for lack of jurisdiction. However, Gett appealed this decision to 
the Cyprus Supreme Court. 
3.20 
Legal Factors Influencing Business 
As with other international companies, Volkswagen's business is affected by numerous laws in Germany and 
abroad. In particular, these are legal requirements relating to development, production and distribution, and also 
include tax, capital market, commercial and company law, as well as antitrust, environmental, labor, banking, state 
aid, energy and insurance regulations. 
Risks from the legal and political framework have a considerable impact on Volkswagen's future business success 
and have tended to become greater during the recent period. Regulations concerning vehicles' emissions, fuel 
consumption and safety play a particularly important role. Complying with these varied and often diverging 
regulations across the world requires strenuous efforts on the part of the automotive industry. In addition to 
emissions, consumption and safety regulations, traffic-policy restrictions for the reduction of traffic congestion, 
noise and pollution are becoming increasingly important in cities and urban areas in the European Union and other 
regions. For example, bans on diesel vehicles are being gradually implemented in several jurisdictions. 
When transparent and economically viable, insurance cover is taken out for these risks. For the identifiable and 
measurable risks, corresponding provisions are recognized and information about contingent liabilities is 
disclosed. As some risks cannot be assessed or can only be assessed to a limited extent, the possibility of loss or 
damage not being covered by the insured amounts and provisions cannot be ruled out. This particularly applies to 
legal risk assessment regarding the diesel issue.

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
4. 
VOLKSWAGEN INTERNATIONAL FINANCE N.V. AS ISSUER 
4.1 
History and Development 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V. (the "Issuer" or "VIF"), which is both the legal and the commercial name, 
was incorporated as a stock corporation (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of The Netherlands for an 
indefinite period of time on April 15, 1977 (LEI: 5299004PWNHKYTR23649). It is registered with the Register 
of Commerce under No. 33148825. VIF is subject to the provisions of the Boek 2 Burgerlijk Wetboek (Book 2 of 
the Dutch Civil Code). VIF's registered office is in Amsterdam, The Netherlands; its head office is at Paleisstraat 
1, 1012 RB Amsterdam, The Netherlands (telephone number +31 20 624 5971). 
VIF's website can be accessed under https://www.vif.nl. The content of this website is for information purposes 
only and does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
4.2 
Articles of Association 
The purposes of VIF according to Article 2 of its Articles of Association are to finance and to participate in 
companies and enterprises. VIF may borrow, raise and secure money in all manners expedient to it, especially by 
means of issuance of bonds, convertible bonds, stock and securities of indefinite currency term or otherwise, be it 
or be it not by binding some or all of its assets, present or future assets, including the capital not paid in, as well 
as to redeem or repay such securities. 
4.3 
Organizational Structure / Shareholder Structure 
Volkswagen AG is the ultimate parent company of the Volkswagen Group, which consists of numerous 
subsidiaries and affiliates in Germany and overseas. The Volkswagen Group's activities span two principal areas: 
the production and sale of passenger cars, commercial vehicles and spare parts (automotive) and the leasing and 
rental of cars as well as financing and other activities (financial services). 
VIF is wholly-owned by its direct legal shareholder, Volkswagen Finance Luxemburg S.A. ("VFL"), which is a 
wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Volkswagen AG. 
4.4 
Share Capital 
As of December 31, 2021, the authorized capital of VIF amounted to €104,370,000 divided into 104,370 registered 
shares with a par nominal value of €1,000 each, 103,035 of which were issued and fully paid-up. 
4.5 
Employees 
During the year 2021, the average number of employees calculated on a full-time-equivalent basis was 13. 
4.6 
Business Overview 
4.6.1 
Principal activities 
The main activity of VIF consists of financing the Volkswagen Group companies. 
Within the financing business VIF issues notes under various debt issuance programmes and commercial paper 
programmes. Furthermore, VIF occasionally issues bonds on a standalone basis to accommodate particular 
financing needs of the VW Group. Such issues include hybrid and convertible instruments as well as instruments 
targeted at special markets such as, inter alia, the Asian market. All programmes, and the standalone bonds issued 
by VIF, are guaranteed by VIF's ultimate parent company Volkswagen AG. The funds raised are granted to 
Volkswagen Group companies.

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
As a holding company VIF owned the following subsidiaries on December 31, 2021: 
Company name 
Main activity 
Country of 
Registration 
Participation 
(%) 
Book Value 
(Million EUR) 
Year of 
acquisition 
VW Autoeuropa, Lda. .........  
Production of 
vehicles 
Portugal 
26 
271.4 
2006/2008 
VW Group Saudi Arabia LLC
 .........................................  
Import of vehicles 
Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia 
51 
35 
2013 
 
In addition to the participations in the above listed Volkswagen Group companies in which VIF holds interests 
greater than 20%, VIF also holds 8.6% capital interest and 65.59% of voting rights in Skoda Auto Volkswagen 
India Private Ltd. For VW Group Saudi Arabia LLC and Skoda Auto Volkswagen India Private Ltd VIF has 
concluded de-domination agreements (Stimmbindungsvereinbarungen) with its parent company VFL regarding 
the execution of the voting rights in these companies. 
4.6.2 
Principal markets 
VIF finances Volkswagen Group companies primarily situated on the European, American and Asian market. 
Participations are held in Europe, Asia and in the Middle East. 
4.7 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
4.7.1 
Management Board 
The Management Board of VIF consists of one or two members. Present member of the Management Board is: 
Name 
Additional Activities 
Christopher Norrod, Managing 
Director 
Managing Director of Volkswagen Financial Services N.V., 
Amsterdam 
 
Managing Director of Volkswagen Finance Overseas B.V., 
Amsterdam 
 
4.7.2 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of VIF consists of one or more members. Present members of the Supervisory Board are: 
Name 
Additional Activities 
Bjoern Baetge, Chairman 
Group Treasury – Head of Global Markets at Volkswagen AG, 
Wolfsburg 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen International 
Luxemburg S.A., Strassen 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen Finance Luxemburg 
S.A., Strassen 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Volkswagen North American 
Payment Services, Herndon 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of Volkswagen Group of America 
Finance LLC, Herndon 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Volkswagen Bank GmbH, 
Braunschweig 
Dr. Marcus Hellmann 
Group Legal – Head of Corporate and Regulatory at Volkswagen AG, 
Wolfsburg 
Bjoern Reinecke 
Group Treasury – Head of Financial Markets at Volkswagen AG, 
Wolfsburg 
The members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board can be contacted at the address of the head 
office of the Issuer at Paleisstraat 1, 1012 RB Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties of the members of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board owed to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
4.8 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table shows selected financial information of VIF, extracted from the Financial Statements 2021 of 
VIF, prepared in accordance with IFRS: 
Statement of financial position: 
 
As of 
December 
31, 2021 
As of 
December 
31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
in € thousand 
Total Assets...............................................................................................  
31,268,700 
34,358,432 
Total Liabilities .........................................................................................  
30,902,661 
34,018,391 
Total Equity ..............................................................................................  
366,039 
340,041 
 
Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income: 
 
Year ended 
December 
31, 2021 
Year ended 
December 
31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
in € thousand 
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year .......................................  
49,803 
(66,173) 
 
 
4.9 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited financial statements of VIF as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
and the independent auditor's reports thereon are incorporated herein by reference and form part of this Prospectus. 
The financial statements of VIF as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 were prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and the financial statements of VIF as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 were prepared in 
accordance with Dutch GAAP. 
4.10 
Statutory Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands, has audited and issued unqualified independent auditor's reports on the financial statements of VIF 
as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The financial statements of VIF as of 
and for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the financial 
statements of VIF as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been prepared in accordance with Dutch 
GAAP. The registered accountants of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in the 
Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets 
(Autoriteit Financiële Markten, AFM). 
4.11 
Trend Information 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of VIF since December 31, 2021, the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. The outcome of the diesel issue may have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's business, and may, as a consequence, influence VIF's prospects in an unfavorable manner. 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of VIF and its subsidiaries since December 31, 
2021, the date for which financial information has been published.

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor – Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-
Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact". 
4.12 
Significant Change in VIF's Financial Position 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of VIF and its subsidiaries since December 31, 2021, 
the date for which financial information has been published. See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor 
– Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors – 
Coronavirus Impact". 
4.13 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings pending or being threatened, the results of which have had during 
the previous 12 months, or which could, at present, have a significant effect on its financial position or profitability. 
However, as a result of the ongoing investigations in relation to the diesel issue, VIF as an issuer may in future 
face legal disputes from investors claiming damages for alleged breaches of applicable laws.

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
5. 
VOLKSWAGEN GROUP OF AMERICA FINANCE, LLC AS ISSUER 
5.1 
History and Development 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC ("VWGoAF"), which is both the legal and the commercial name, 
was formed as a Delaware limited liability company under the laws of Delaware on February 14, 2014 and is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. ("VWGoA"). VWGoA is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. VWGoAF is organised under the laws of the State of Delaware 
(Company No. 5482642; LEI: 5493002SQ1AVQBY41K40). VWGoAF's registered office is located at 251 Little 
Falls Drive, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808. The principal place of business is at 2200 Woodland Pointe 
Avenue, Herndon, Virginia 20171. VWGoAF's Federal Tax Identification Number is 46-4861433. 
5.2 
Limited Liability Company Agreement 
Pursuant to item 2.5 of VWGoAF's Limited Liability Company Agreement, VWGoAF is organised to engage in, 
promote, conduct and carry on any lawful acts or activities for which limited liability companies may be organised 
under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 
5.3 
Organisational Structure / Shareholder Structure 
VWGoAF is 100 % owned by VWGoA. VWGoA is 100 % owned by VWAG. 
5.4 
Share Capital 
As of December 31, 2021, Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. owned 100 % of the outstanding membership 
interests of VWGoAF with a paid in capital value of USD 1,000,000. 
5.5 
Business Overview 
5.5.1 
Principal activities 
The principal activity of VWGoAF is acting as an issuing company within the debt markets to support the funding 
requirements of the Volkswagen Group. 
5.5.2 
Principal markets 
VWGoAF's principal market is the United States of America. 
5.6 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
5.6.1 
Board of Directors 
Lawrence Tolep 
President, VWGoAF 
Dr. Elmar Licharz 
Chief Financial Officer, VWGoA 
Thorsten Brand 
Head of Global Treasury Operations, VWAG 
Bjoern Baetge 
Head of Global Markets, VWAG 
The members of the Board of Directors can be contacted at the principal place of business of VWGoAF. 
None of the persons referred to above has declared that there are potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
to the issuing entity and their private interests and/or duties. 
5.6.2 
Board Practices 
VWGoAF was formed in the State of Delaware in the United States and is managed under the direction of the 
Board of Directors. As such, the Board of Directors is subject to and complies with the Delaware Limited Liability 
Company Act.

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
Neither Federal nor State law requires VWGoAF to establish an audit committee. 
5.7 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table shows selected financial information of VWGoAF extracted from the audited financial 
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, prepared in conformity with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board: 
Balance Sheet Data: 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
As of December 31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
U.S.$ thousand 
Total Assets...............................................  
13,468,480 
17,821,374 
Total Liabilities .........................................  
13,376,705 
17,718,524 
Total Equity ..............................................  
91,775 
102,850 
 
Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income Data: 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
U.S.$ thousand 
Profit (loss) and comprehensive income 
(loss) .........................................................  
(11,075) 
46,786 
 
5.8 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited financial statements of VWGoAF as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 
31, 2020 and the independent auditor's report thereon are incorporated herein by reference and form part of this 
Prospectus. The financial statements of VWGoAF as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 
31, 2020 were prepared in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union. 
5.9 
Statutory Auditors 
The financial statements of VWGoAF, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as 
stated in their independent auditor's report incorporated herein. 
Ernst & Young LLP, 1775 Tysons Boulevard, Tysons, VA 22102, USA is a member of the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants, 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036-8775, USA. 
5.10 
Trend Information 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of VWGoAF since December 31, 2021, the date of its 
last published audited financial statements. The outcome of the diesel issue may have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's business, and may, as a consequence, influence VWGoAF's prospects in an unfavorable manner. 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of VWGoAF and its subsidiaries since December 
31, 2021, the date for which financial information has been published. 
See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor – Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-
Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact".

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
5.11 
Significant Change in VWGoAF's Financial Position 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of VWGoAF and its subsidiaries since December 31, 
2021, the date for which financial information has been published. See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and 
Guarantor – Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors 
– Coronavirus Impact". 
5.12 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Following the publication of the EPA's "Notices of Violation" Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group 
companies have been the subject of intense scrutiny, ongoing investigations (civil and criminal) and civil litigation. 
Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group companies have received subpoenas and inquiries from state 
attorneys general and other governmental authorities. 
Volkswagen AG and other Volkswagen Group companies are facing litigation in the USA on a number of different 
fronts relating to the matters described in the EPA's "Notices of Violation". In that respect investigations by various 
US regulatory and government authorities are ongoing, particularly in areas relating to securities, financing and 
tax. Additionally, in the USA, certain putative class actions by customers, investors, salespersons and dealers; 
individual customers' lawsuits and state or municipal claims have been filed in various courts, including state 
courts. A large number of these putative class action lawsuits have been filed in US federal courts and consolidated 
for pretrial coordination purposes in the federal multidistrict litigation proceeding in the State of California. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has requested information from Volkswagen AG and VWGoAF 
regarding potential violations of securities laws in connection with issuances of bonds issued by VWGoAF, as a 
result of nondisclosure of certain Volkswagen diesel vehicles' noncompliance with US emission standards. On 
March 14, 2019, the SEC filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, against 
Volkswagen AG, VWGoAF, VW Credit and the former Volkswagen CEO, Martin Winterkorn, alleging violations 
of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws. The SEC complaint seeks permanent injunctions, 
disgorgement of allegedly ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and civil penalties. 
A putative class action has also been filed against certain Volkswagen Group companies including VWGoAF on 
behalf of purchasers of certain USD-denominated Volkswagen bonds, alleging that these bonds were trading at 
artificially inflated prices due to Volkswagen's alleged misstatements and omissions to disclose material facts, and 
that the value of these bonds declined after the EPA issued its "Notices of Violation". This lawsuit has also been 
consolidated in the federal multidistrict litigation proceeding in the State of California. 
See also, "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor – Legal and Arbitration Proceedings – Diesel Issue" and "Risk 
Factors − Risk Factors regarding Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft and Volkswagen Group − Government 
authorities in a number of jurisdictions worldwide have conducted and are continuing to conduct investigations 
of Volkswagen regarding findings of irregularities relating to exhaust emissions from diesel engines in certain 
Volkswagen Group vehicles. The results of these and any further investigations, and related civil and criminal 
litigation, may have a material adverse effect on Volkswagen's business, financial position, results of operations, 
and reputation, as well as the prices of its securities, including the Notes, and its ability to make payments under 
its securities." 
Other than the foregoing, as of the date of this Prospectus, VWGoAF is not involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings pending or being threatened, the results 
of which have had during the previous 12 months, or which could reasonably be expected to have, a material effect 
on its financial position.

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
6. 
VW CREDIT CANADA, INC. / CRÉDIT VW CANADA, INC. AS ISSUER 
6.1 
History and Development 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. ("VCCI"), which is both the legal and the commercial name, 
was incorporated as a corporation under the Canada Business Corporations Act on November 21, 1989, pursuant 
to the laws of Canada and assigned federal corporation number 254278-1 (LEI: 5493008EKOD7VIY3LM85). 
The registered and principal offices of VCCI are located at 601 Westney Road South, Ajax, Ontario, Canada L1S 
4N7 (telephone number +1 (800) 668 8224). 
6.2 
Articles of Incorporation 
As stated under item 6 of VCCI's Articles of Incorporation, there are no restrictions on the business VCCI may 
carry on. 
6.3 
Organisational Structure / Shareholder Structure 
VCCI is a wholly owned subsidiary of VW Credit, Inc. ("VCI"). VCI is a wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen 
Group of America, Inc. ("VWGoA"). VWGoA is a wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. 
VCCI has three wholly owned operational subsidiaries: (i) VW Credit Canada Leasing ULC, an Alberta unlimited 
liability company, through which VCCI conducts its retail leasing business; (ii) Beetle BC Holdings, Inc., 
registered under the laws of British Columbia, VCCI's captive insurance company and has issued and maintains 
an insurance policy for each of Audi Canada Inc. ("Audi Canada") and Volkswagen Group Canada Inc. 
("VGCA"); and (iii) VW Payments Canada, Inc. 
6.4 
Share Capital 
As of December 31, 2021, VCCI had outstanding common stock and it was fully paid up and total stockholder's 
equity was CAD 1,062,246,000. 
6.5 
Employees 
During the year 2021, the average number of employees calculated on a full-time-equivalent basis was 199. 
6.6 
Business Overview 
6.6.1 
Principal activities 
The principal activity of VCCI is acting as a so called "captive" finance company for VGCA and Audi Canada 
branded dealers, including purchasing retail instalment sales contracts and leases from VGCA and Audi Canada 
branded dealers. VCCI also offers a wide range of automobile-related financial products, including wholesale floor 
plan financing, retail auto loan and lease financing. 
6.6.2 
Principal markets 
VCCI finances customers who are primarily situated in the Canadian market. 
6.7 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
6.7.1 
Board of Directors 
As of the date of this Prospectus, VCCI's Board of Directors members are: 
 
Jens Effenberger 
Chair of the VCCI Board of Directors. 
President and CEO of VW Credit, Inc. 
Rafael Teixeira 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VCCI 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VW Credit, Inc.

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
Darren Maloney, Director 
President and Chief Executive Officer, VCCI 
Pierre Boutin 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Canada, Volkswagen Group Canada Inc. 
Vito Paladino 
President, Audi Canada Inc. 
The members of the Board of Directors can be contacted at the address of the head office of VCCI. 
None of the persons referred to above has declared that there are potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
to the issuing entity and their private interests and or duties. 
6.7.2 
Board Practices 
VCCI was incorporated under the laws of Canada. As such, the Board of Directors is subject to and complies with 
corporate law and the corporate governance laws of Canada. 
Neither Federal nor Provincial law require VCCI to establish an audit committee. 
6.8 
Selected Financial Information 
The following table shows selected financial information of VCCI extracted from the audited financial statements 
as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, prepared in conformity with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board: 
Balance Sheet Data: 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
As of December 31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
CAD thousands 
Total Assets...............................................  
10,271,565 
10,247,835 
Total Liabilities .........................................  
9,209,319 
9,419,098 
Total Equity ..............................................  
1,062,246 
828,737 
Income Statement Data: 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2020 
 
(audited) 
CAD thousands 
Net Income ................................................  
205,410 
90,219 
 
6.9 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited financial statements of VCCI as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 
2020 and the independent auditor's report thereon are incorporated herein by reference and form part of this 
Prospectus. The financial statements of VCCI as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 
2020 have been prepared in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
6.10 
Statutory Auditors 
The financial statements of VCCI, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as 
stated in their independent auditor's report incorporated herein.

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
Ernst & Young LLP, 1775 Tysons Boulevard, Tysons, VA 22102, USA, is member of the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants, 1211 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036-8775, USA. 
6.11 
Trend Information 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of VCCI since December 31, 2021, the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. The outcome of the diesel issue may have a material adverse effect on 
Volkswagen's business, and may, as a consequence, influence VCCI's prospects in an unfavorable manner. 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of VCCI and its subsidiaries since December 31, 
2021, the date for which financial information has been published. 
See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and Guarantor – Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-
Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors – Coronavirus Impact". 
6.12 
Significant Change in VCCI's Financial Position 
Notwithstanding the impact of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic and supply chain shortages, which has affected in 2021 
and may continue to affect Volkswagen Group's operations and financial results for 2022 and the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict which may further adversely affect Volkswagen Group's supply chains and the global economy as a whole, 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of VCCI and its subsidiaries since December 31, 
2021, the date for which financial information has been published. See also: "Volkswagen AG as Issuer and 
Guarantor – Trend Information" and "– Recent Developments – Russia-Ukraine conflict", as well as "Risk Factors 
– Coronavirus Impact". 
6.13 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
In April 2018, a class action lawsuit was brought against VCCI and some other leasing companies in the industry 
in Quebec, Canada. VCCI, like all other leasing companies in Quebec, has been alleged of either not disclosing, 
and/or charging fees to effect transfers of leases that are beyond what is reasonable, in violation of the consumer 
protection law and the Civil Code of Quebec. On October 23, 2019, the plaintiffs abandoned the claim that the 
lease transfer fees were not disclosed and on February 7, 2020, Justice Gagnon of the Quebec Superior Court 
dismissed the claim that the fees transferred were excessive and refused to authorize the class. On March 6, 2020 
VCCI received notice that the plaintiffs intend to appeal the judge's decision to refuse to authorize the class. The 
hearing date for the appeal is May 30, 2022 and VCCI intends to defend the appeal. Since the proceedings are 
ongoing, its merits and the potential impact to VCCI cannot be determined at this stage. Other than the foregoing, 
as of the date of this Prospectus, VCCI is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings nor 
is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings pending or being threatened, the results of which have had during the 
previous 12 months, or which could reasonably be expected to have, a material effect on its financial position.

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
English Language Version 
 
German Language Version 
(Deutsche Fassung der Emissionsbedingungen) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms 
and Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
 
Die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Emissionsbedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates. 
 
Option 
I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
der 
auf 
Tranchen 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
fester 
Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest 
rates. 
 
Option 
II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
der 
auf 
Tranchen 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional 
provision 
through 
instructions 
and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the 
set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend 
gekennzeichnet 
sind, 
indem 
die 
jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen 
und Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des 
Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by 
replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to 
the relevant options. 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt 
werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen 
wird. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus 
the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatte, 
die 
auf 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue 
are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms 
to the relevant options contained in the set of Terms 
and Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne 
Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen durch Verweis auf die weiteren 
Optionen bestimmt werden, die im Satz der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). 
The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained 
in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which 
the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are 
not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, 
explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) 
shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of 
the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed 
on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final 
Terms will only be available to Holders of such 
Notes.] 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder 
die 
gestrichen 
sind, 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und 
der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des 
Emissionsstelle sowie bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der 
Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse 
notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings 
ausschließlich 
für 
die 
Gläubiger 
solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER 
INHABERSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
fixed interest rates 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
CONDITIONS OF ISSUE 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION 
 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DER 
INHABERSCHULDVERSCHREI-
BUNGEN 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG) 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, 
FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This 
Series of Notes (the "Notes") of 
[insert Issuer] (the "Issuer") is being 
issued in [insert Specified Currency] 
(the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In the 
case the Global Note is a NGN 
insert: (subject to § 1(6))] of [insert 
aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [insert aggregate principal 
amount 
in 
words]) 
in 
[the] 
denomination[s] of [insert Specified 
Denomination(s)] (the "Specified 
Denomination[s]"). 
 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
[Emittentin 
einfügen] 
(die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz (6))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten 
einfügen]) in [einer] Stückelung[en] 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung[en] 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte[n] 
Stückelung[en]") begeben. 
In case of 
Notes not 
denomi-
nated 
in 
CAD and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer 
form and represented by one or more 
global notes (each a "Global Note").] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
nicht 
auf CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden: 
 
[(2) 
Form. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere 
Globalurkunden 
verbrieft 
(jeweils eine "Globalurkunde").] 
In case of 
Notes 
denomi-
nated 
in 
CAD and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(2) Form, Title and Transfer. The 
Notes will be issued in the form of a 
bearer global note deposited with CDS 
& CO., as nominee of CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS") 
and held by CDS (the "Permanent 
Global Note"). 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
auf 
CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden: 
 
[(2) 
Form, 
Eigentum 
und 
Übertragung. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber und werden durch eine 
Globalurkunde verbrieft, die von CDS 
& CO. im Auftrag von CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS") 
verwahrt und von CDS gehalten 
werden (die "Dauerglobalurkunde"). 
 
 
Notwithstanding 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, for so long as any of the 
Notes 
are 
represented 
by 
the 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and any other Paying 
Agent shall treat CDS & CO., or any 
 
 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen ist CDS & 
CO., oder jede andere von CDS 
benannte 
Stelle, 
solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
noch 
Schuldverschreibung verbrieft von der

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
other nominee appointed by CDS, as 
the sole owner or holder of such Notes 
for all purposes. Principal and interest 
payments on the Permanent Global 
Note will be made on behalf of the 
Issuer by the Fiscal Agent (through a 
Canadian dollar wire transfer via its 
Toronto cash correspondent (The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada)) to 
CDS & CO., or any other nominee 
appointed by CDS, and CDS will 
distribute the payment received to the 
applicable clearing system. 
Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent und 
jeder anderen Zahlstelle für alle 
Zwecke als einziger Eigentümer und 
Gläubiger dieser Schuldverschreibung 
zu behandeln. Zahlungen von Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
werden 
im 
Namen der Emittentin vom Fiscal 
Agent (mittels einer elektronischen 
Überweisung 
an 
die 
Korrespondenzbank in Toronto (The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada)) an 
CDS & CO., oder jede andere von 
CDS benannte Stelle, geleistet und 
CDS wird die erhaltenen Zahlungen an 
das 
zuständige 
Clearing 
System 
verteilen. 
 
 
Definitive Notes 
 
 
Einzelurkunden 
 
 
No beneficial owner of the Notes will 
be entitled to receive physical delivery 
of Notes in definitive form (the 
"Definitive Notes") except in the 
limited circumstances set out in the 
Permanent Global Note, including the 
circumstances described below. 
 
 
Kein wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat, außer in 
den von der Dauerglobalurkunde 
vorgesehenen, 
sowie 
den 
untenstehenden beschränkten Fällen, 
einen Anspruch darauf, verkörperte 
Einzelurkunden 
(die 
"Einzelurkunden") zu erhalten. 
 
 
If the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note are held by or 
on behalf of CDS and (i) CDS has 
notified the Issuer that it is unwilling 
or unable to continue to act as a 
depository for the Notes and a 
successor depository is not appointed 
by the Issuer within 90 working days 
after receiving such notice; or (ii) CDS 
ceases to be a recognised clearing 
agency under the Securities Act 
(Ontario) 
or 
a 
self-regulatory 
organisation under the Securities Act 
(Québec) or other applicable Canadian 
securities legislation and no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the 
Issuer is available within 90 working 
days after the Issuer becoming aware 
that CDS is no longer so recognised, 
the Issuer will issue, or cause to be 
issued, Definitive Notes in exchange 
for the Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird Einzelurkunden 
verbriefen oder verbriefen lassen und 
die Dauerglobalurkunde durch sie 
ersetzen, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verkörpert 
werden, von oder für CDS gehalten 
werden und (i) CDS die Emittentin 
benachrichtigt hat, dass sie nicht 
gewillt oder nicht in der Lage ist 
weiter Hinterlegungsstelle für die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu sein und 
die Emittentin 90 Werktage nach 
Erhalt einer solchen Benachrichtigung 
keine Nachfolge-Hinterlegungsstelle 
benannt hat; oder (ii) CDS aufhört eine 
nach 
dem 
Wertpapiergesetz 
von 
Ontario (Securities Act (Ontario)) 
anerkannte Clearingstelle oder eine 
Selbstregulierungsorganisation (self-
regulatory Organisation) nach dem 
Wertpapiergesetz 
von 
Québec 
(Securities Act (Québec)) oder einer 
anderen 
kanadischen 
Wertpapiervorschrift zu sein und kein 
anderes 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellendes Clearing System 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Tagen 
nach 
Kenntniserlangung 
der 
Emittentin 
vom Verlust der oben benannten 
Eigenschaft seitens der CDS benannt 
wird.

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
In the event that any Definitive Notes 
are required to be issued in exchange 
for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall determine their 
form as well as any necessary 
technical changes required to these 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass die Ausgabe von 
Einzelurkunden im Austausch für 
Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde 
notwendig ist, soll die Emittentin ihre 
Form sowie erforderliche technische 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen festlegen. 
 
 
Direct Rights 
 
 
Unmittelbare Rechte 
 
 
Direct rights can only be exercised in 
accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the procedures of 
CDS.] 
 
 
Unmittelbare Rechte können nur in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
und 
den 
Verfahren von CDS ausgeübt werden.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
issued by 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The 
Notes are represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons that will be 
treated as Notes in registered form for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed 
manually 
by 
two 
authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft, die für Zwecke 
der 
Bundeseinkommenssteuer 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten als Namenspapier 
betrachtet 
wird. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
Partial ownership in the Permanent 
Global Note will be shown on, and 
transfer of ownership will be effected 
only through, bookings reflected in the 
records maintained by the Clearing 
System. 
Except 
in 
limited 
circumstances, the Clearing System 
will not be able to transfer a Permanent 
Global Note, other than to transfer 
such Permanent Global Note to a 
successor depository, and ownership 
interests in each Permanent Global 
Note may not be exchanged for a 
Definitive Note. The Clearing System 
must be CBF unless another Clearing 
System entered into a book-entry 
agreement or otherwise addressed the 
"immobilization" of the Notes under 
U.S. tax law. 
 
 
Bruchteilseigentumsansprüche 
an 
jeder Dauerglobalurkunde werden in 
dem Register des jeweiligen Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewiesen 
und 
die 
Übertragung von Eigentum erfolgt nur 
durch Buchung und Eintragung in das 
Register des jeweiligen Clearing 
Systems. Außer in begrenzten Fällen 
darf 
das 
Clearing 
System 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
nur 
an 
eine 
Nachfolgeverwahrstelle 
übertragen, 
und Bruchteilseigentum an einer 
Dauerglobalurkunde ist nicht in eine 
Einzelurkunde 
austauschbar. 
Das 
jeweilige Clearing System muss CBF 
sein, es sei denn ein anderes Clearing 
System hat eine Vereinbarung über ein 
Erfassungssystem 
(book-entry 
agreement) 
getroffen 
oder 
eine 
anderweitige Dematerialisierung von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem 
U.S. Steuerrecht wurde adressiert. 
 
 
Payment of interest on these Notes 
issued by VWGoAF will be made only 
after delivery of the withholding agent 
of the non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
statement described in U.S. Treas. 
Reg. § 1.871-14(c)(2) (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8).] 
 
 
Zinszahlungen erfolgen auf diese von 
der 
VWGoAF 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
nach 
Lieferung der Bestätigung über das 
Nichtbestehen U. S.-amerikanischen 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentums gemäß 
U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.871-14(c)(2) 
(grundsätzlich ein geeignetes IRS

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
Formular W-8) an die für die 
Einbehaltung 
zuständige 
Stelle(withholding agent).] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not issued 
by 
VWGoAF 
and 
represent-
ed by a 
Perma-
nent 
Global 
Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. 
The Notes are represented by a 
permanent 
global 
note 
(the 
"Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. The Permanent Global Note 
shall be signed manually by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
nicht 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
und 
die 
durch eine 
Dauer-
globalur-
kunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
initially 
represent-
ed by a 
Tempora-
ry Global 
Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
– 
Exchange. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented 
by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable 
for 
Notes 
in 
Specified 
Denominations represented by a 
permanent 
global 
note 
(the 
"Permanent 
Global 
Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed 
manually 
by 
two 
authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall 
each be authenticated by or on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent. 
Definitive 
Notes 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Global-
urkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – 
Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
den festgelegten Stückelungen, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils 
die eigenhändigen Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter 
der 
Emittentin und sind jeweils von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchanged for the Permanent 
Global Note on a date (the 
"Exchange Date") not later than 
180 days after the date of issue of 
the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. The 
Exchange Date will not be earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to 
the effect that the beneficial owner 
or owners of the Notes represented 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, 
der nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Der 
Austauschtag darf nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung liegen. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
by the Temporary Global Note is 
not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Notes 
through 
such 
financial 
institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Notes 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a 
request 
to 
exchange 
such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to this § 1(3)(b). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in 
§ 6(2)).] 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. S.-Personen 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten) sind. 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 
(3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die 
im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen 
nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 
Absatz (2) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominat
ed 
in 
Renminbi 
insert: 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System. "Clearing System" means [if 
more than one Clearing System 
insert: 
each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other 
Clearing System] and any successor 
in such capacity. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen 
die 
nicht auf 
Renminbi 
lauten, 
einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Clearing 
System. 
Die 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing 
System verwahrt. "Clearing System" 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System einfügen: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearing 
System 
angeben] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
kept 
in 
custody on 
behalf 
of 
the ICSDs 
insert: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a 
NGN insert: The Notes are issued in 
new global note ("NGN") form and are 
kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
im 
Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
in 
Form 
einer 
New 
Global 
Note 
("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a 
CGN insert: The Notes are issued in 
classical global note ("CGN") form 
and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
in 
Form einer Classical Global Note 
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means 
any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Notes [in the case of 
CAD Notes held by CDS insert:, 
subject to §1(2)]. 
 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von 
CAD Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von 
CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen:, vorbehaltlich §1(2)]. 
In the case 
the Global 
Note is a 
NGN 
insert: 
 
[(6) Records of the ICSDs. The 
principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
so 
represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Falls 
die 
Global-
urkunde 
eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[(6) 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Nennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
die Register zu verstehen sind, die 
jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den 
Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Nennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD 
jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit 
dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts 
des Registers des betreffenden ICSD 
zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an 
instalment or interest being made in 
respect 
of, 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
or by the aggregate amount of such 
instalment so paid.] 
 
 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer 
Rückzahlungsrate 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim 
Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin 
sicher, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der 
Entwertung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde 
pro 
rata 
in 
die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, vom Nennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
bzw. 
der 
Gesamtbetrag 
der 
so 
gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
the 
Tempora-
ry Global 
Note is a 
NGN 
insert: 
 
[On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.] 
Falls 
die 
vorläufige 
Global-
urkunde 
eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.] 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[in the case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: AND 
GUARANTEE] 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: UND 
GARANTIE] 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves and pari 
passu with all other unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such 
obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, unbedingte, nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any 
Note remains outstanding, but only up 
to the time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to provide for other 
notes 
or 
bonds, 
including 
any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof, any security upon its assets 
without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this undertaking shall not apply 
to security provided in connection 
with asset backed securities issued by 
the Issuer or a special purpose vehicle 
where the Issuer is the originator of the 
underlying assets. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
noch 
aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem alle Beträge von 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
ihr 
Vermögen 
nicht 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung 
von anderen Schuldverschreibungen, 
einschließlich von Garantien und 
Bürgschaften, zu belasten oder solche 
Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu 
lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
an derselben Sicherheit in gleicher 
Weise und anteilmäßig teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Um etwaige Zweifel zu 
vermeiden, diese Verpflichtung gilt 
nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
von 
der 
Emittentin begebenen asset-backed 
securities (strukturierte Wertpapiere, 
die mit Vermögenswerten besichert 
sind) gestellt werden oder für asset-
backed securities, die von einer 
Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden, 
und bei denen die Emittentin die

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
ursprüngliche Inhaberin der zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte ist. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[(3) 
Guarantee. 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Guarantor") 
has given its unconditional and 
irrevocable 
guarantee 
(the 
"Guarantee") for the due payment of 
principal of, and interest on, the Notes. 
In this Guarantee, the Guarantor has 
further 
undertaken 
(the 
"Undertaking"), so long as any of the 
Notes remains outstanding, but only 
up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
provide for any Bond Issue, including 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof, any security upon its assets 
without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this undertaking shall not apply 
to security provided in connection 
with asset backed securities issued by 
the Guarantor or a special purpose 
vehicle where the Guarantor is the 
originator of the underlying assets. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) 
Garantie. 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Garantin") 
hat 
eine 
unbedingte 
und 
unwiderrufliche 
Garantie 
(die 
"Garantie") 
für 
die 
pünktliche 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
übernommen. Darüber hinaus hat sich 
die Garantin in dieser Garantie 
verpflichtet 
(die 
"Verpflichtungserklärung") solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
noch 
aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem alle Beträge von 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
für andere Anleihen, einschließlich 
dafür übernommener Garantien und 
Gewährleistungen, keine Sicherheiten 
an ihrem Vermögen zu bestellen, ohne 
gleichzeitig und im gleichen Rang die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
an solchen Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Um etwaige Zweifel zu 
vermeiden, diese Verpflichtung gilt 
nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die in 
Zusammenhang mit von der Garantin 
begebenen 
asset-backed securities 
(strukturierte Wertpapiere, die mit 
Vermögenswerten 
besichert 
sind) 
gestellt werden oder für asset-backed 
securities, 
die 
von 
einer 
Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden, 
und bei denen die Garantin die 
ursprüngliche Inhaberin der zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte ist. 
 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions 
"Bond Issue" means an issue of debt 
securities which is, or is intended to 
be, or is being capable of being, 
quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Anleihe" eine Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr 
oder einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt 
werden oder notiert, eingeführt oder 
gehandelt werden sollen oder können. 
 
 
The Guarantee constitutes a contract 
for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third party beneficiaries 
in accordance with § 328(1) of the 
German Civil Code(1), giving rise to 
the right of each Holder to require 
performance of the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge directly from the 
Guarantor 
and 
to 
enforce 
the 
Guarantee and the Negative Pledge 
directly against the Guarantor. Copies 
of the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge may be obtained free of charge 
 
 
Die 
Garantie 
und 
Negativverpflichtung 
stellt 
einen 
Vertrag zu Gunsten eines jeden 
Gläubigers als begünstigtem Dritten 
gemäß § 328 Absatz (1) BGB dar, 
welcher 
das 
Recht 
eines 
jeden 
Gläubigers begründet, Erfüllung aus 
der 
Garantie 
und 
der 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar von 
der Garantin zu verlangen und die 
Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin 
durchzusetzen. Kopien der Garantie 
 
(1) 
An English language translation of § 328(1) German Civil Code would read as follows: "A contract may stipulate performance for the 
benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
at the principal office of the Guarantor 
and at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent set forth in § 6.] 
und der Negativverpflichtung können 
kostenlos am Sitz der Garantin und bei 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des 
Fiscal Agent gemäß § 6 bezogen 
werden.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest 
Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear 
interest on their principal amount at 
the 
rate 
of 
[insert 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per cent. per annum from 
(and 
including) 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
to 
(but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be 
payable in arrears on [insert Fixed 
Interest Date or Dates] in each year 
(each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [insert First Interest 
Payment Date] [if First Interest 
Payment 
Date 
is 
not 
first 
anniversary 
of 
Interest 
Commencement Date insert: and 
will amount to [insert Initial Broken 
Amounts 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
specified 
denomination.] [If Maturity Date is 
not a Fixed Interest Date insert: 
Interest in respect of the period from 
(and including) [insert Fixed Interest 
Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
will amount to [insert Final Broken 
Amounts 
per 
Specified 
Denomination].] 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Nennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie in § 5 Absatz (1) definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz 
einfügen] %. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e) 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die 
erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [sofern 
der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der 
erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns ist, einfügen: 
und beläuft sich auf [die anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbeträge je festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen] je festgelegte 
Stückelung.] 
[Sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin 
ist, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [den letzten dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Festzinstermin 
einfügen] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [die 
abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbeträge je festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen].] 
 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer 
shall fail to redeem the Notes when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue 
beyond the day preceding the due date 
until the day preceding the actual 
redemption of the Notes. Interest shall 
continue to accrue on the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes from the 
due date (inclusive) until the date of 
redemption of the Notes (exclusive) at 
the default rate of interest established 
by law.(2) 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, endet die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mit 
Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
Fälligkeit vorangeht, sondern erst mit 
Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht. 
Die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrages vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) erfolgt in Höhe des 
 
(2) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247(1) German Civil Code. 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen.(2) 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial 
Periods. If interest is required to be 
calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile 
von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für 
einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die 
Berechnung auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count 
Fraction" means with regard to the 
calculation of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA) with two 
or more constant interest periods 
within an interest year insert: the 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by (x) in the case of 
Notes where interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular annual 
payments, the number of days in the 
Interest Period or (y) in the case of 
Notes where interest is scheduled to be 
paid other than only by means of 
regular annual payments, the product 
of the number of days in the Interest 
Period and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year assuming interest was to 
be payable in respect of the whole of 
that year.] [in the case of first/last 
short or long Interest Periods insert 
appropriate Actual/Actual method] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
mit 
zwei 
oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
innerhalb eines Zinsjahres einfügen: 
die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
geteilt 
durch (x) die Anzahl der Tage in der 
Zinsperiode 
im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen die 
planmäßige Zinszahlung nur durch 
regelmäßige 
jährliche 
Zahlungen 
erfolgt, oder (y) das Produkt der 
Anzahl der Tage in der Zinsperiode 
und 
der 
Anzahl 
von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die angenommen, 
dass Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu 
zahlen wären in ein Kalenderjahr 
fallen 
würden, 
im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen die 
planmäßige Zinszahlung anders als 
nur 
durch 
regelmäßige 
jährliche 
Zahlungen 
erfolgt.] 
[bei 
ersten/letzten langen oder kurzen 
Zinsperioden 
entsprechende 
Actual/Actual Berechnungsmethode 
angeben].

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
with 
annual 
interest 
payments 
insert: the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the 
actual number of days in the respective 
interest year.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 
251) 
mit 
jährlichen 
Zinsperioden 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im jeweiligen Zinsjahr.] 
 
 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
is applicable and if the Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Interest Period during which it falls 
(including in the case of short 
coupons) insert: the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 
[in the case of Interest Periods of less 
than one year insert: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in the Interest 
Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls [in the case of Interest Periods 
of less than one year insert: and (2) 
the 
number 
of 
Interest 
Periods 
normally ending in any year].] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251) und wenn der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist als die Zinsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
fällt, 
oder ihr entspricht (einschließlich 
im Falle eines kurzen Kupons) 
einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: 
das Produkt aus (1)] Anzahl der Tage 
in der Zinsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt [Im 
Fall von Zinsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr einfügen: und (2) 
der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, die 
normalerweise in einem Jahr enden 
würden].] 
 
 
[lf Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
is applicable and if the Calculation 
Period is longer than one Interest 
Period (long coupon) insert: the sum 
of: 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 251) und wenn der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als eine Zinsperiode (langer Kupon) 
einfügen: die Summe von: 
 
 
(A) the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Interest Period in which it begins 
divided by [in the case of Interest 
Periods of less than one year insert: 
the product of (1)] the number of days 
in such Interest Period [in the case of 
Interest Periods of less than one year 
insert: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in 
one calendar year if interest were 
payable in respect of the whole of such 
year]; and 
 
 
(A) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Zinsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt 
durch 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr einfügen: das Produkt aus (1)] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode 
[Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, 
die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das 
gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(B) the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Interest Period divided by [in the case 
of Interest Periods of less than one 
year insert: the product of (1)] the 
number of days in such Interest Period 
[in the case of Interest Periods of less 
than one year insert: and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that 
occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if 
interest were payable in respect of the 
whole of such year]. 
 
 
(B) der Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
darauffolgende Zinsperiode fallen, 
geteilt 
durch 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Zinsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr einfügen: das Produkt aus (1)] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Zinsperiode 
[Im Fall von Zinsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr einfügen: 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinsperioden, 
die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das 
gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
"Interest Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
(but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date or from (and including) each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
to 
(but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or 
last Calculation Period insert: For 
the purposes of determining the 
relevant Interest Period only, [insert 
deemed Interest Payment Date] 
shall be deemed to be an Interest 
Payment Date.] [In the case of a long 
first or last Calculation Period 
insert: 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant Interest 
Period only, [insert deemed Interest 
Payment Dates] shall each be deemed 
to be an Interest Payment Date].] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im 
Falle eines ersten oder letzten 
kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
einfügen: 
Zum 
Zwecke 
der 
Bestimmung 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Zinsperiode 
gilt 
der 
[Fiktiven 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
als 
Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Falle eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
einfügen: 
Zum 
Zwecke 
der 
Bestimmung 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Zinsperiode 
gelten 
der 
[Fiktive 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] 
als 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
[If Actual/365 (Fixed) insert: the 
actual 
number 
of 
days 
in 
the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) 
einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365.] 
 
 
[If Actual/365 (Sterling) insert: the 
actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Period End Date falling 
in a leap year, 366.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Sterling) 
einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage in der Zinsperiode geteilt durch 
365 
oder, 
wenn 
ein 
[Zinsperiodenendtag] in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, geteilt durch 366.] 
 
 
[if 30/360 insert: the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than 
the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) 
the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, einfügen: die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf 
den 31. Tag eines Monates, während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der 
diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht 
als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats 
Februar, 
in 
welchem 
Fall 
der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
 
 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
insert: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
einfügen: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
30-day months, without regard to the 
date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless in the case 
of an Interest Period ending on the 
Maturity Date and the Maturity Date 
being the last day of the month 
February in which case the month 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei 
denn, dass im Falle einer am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall 
der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen 
Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
[If Actual/Actual ISDA insert: the 
actual 
number 
of 
days 
in 
the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the 
actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual ISDA 
einfügen: die tatsachliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraums in 
ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (i) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
dividiert 
durch 366 und (ii) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
dividiert 
durch 365).] 
 
 
[If 
Actual/Actual 
Canadian 
Compound Method insert: whenever 
it is necessary to compute any amount 
of accrued interest in respect of the 
Notes for a period less than one full 
year, other than with respect to regular 
semi-annual interest payments, such 
interest shall be calculated on the basis 
of the actual number of days in the 
period and a year of 365 days. In the 
case of regular semi-annual payments, 
interest is calculated on the basis of a 
360 day year with twelve 30 day 
months.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/ 
Actual 
Canadian 
Compound 
Methode 
einfügen: wann immer es notwendig 
ist 
einen, 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, angefallenen 
Zinsbetrag für einen Zeitraum, der 
kürzer als ein Jahr ist, zu berechnen 
(außer in den Fällen der vorgesehenen 
halbjährlichen Zinszahlungen), soll 
dies 
unter 
Zugrundelegung 
der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl Tage in diesem 
Zeitraum und einem Jahr mit 365 
Tagen 
geschehen. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
vorgesehenen 
halbjährlichen 
Zahlungen, 
wird 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
aufgrund eines 360 Tage Jahres mit 
zwölf 30 Tage Monaten berechnet.]

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment 
of principal in respect of Notes shall be 
made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and surrender of the 
Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. 
Zahlungen von Kapital in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
gegen Vorlage und Einreichung der 
Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle einer der Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation 
and surrender of the Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems 
gegen 
Vorlage 
und 
Einreichung der Globalurkunde bei 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle einer 
der 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note insert: 
Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde einfügen: 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 
(3)(b).] 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in [insert Specified Currency]. 
 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen]. 
 
 
[In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominated in Euro or Renminbi 
insert: 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
auf Euro oder Renminbi lauten, 
einfügen: 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the 
amount payable on the respective 
Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and 
convertible funds for reasons beyond 
its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to 
it provided for by law (the "Successor 
 
 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu 
zahlende Beträge am betreffenden 
Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, 
in 
frei 
übertragbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht 
verfügbar 
sind, 
oder 
dass 
die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
oder 
eine

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
Currency") is no longer used for the 
settlement of international financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its 
payment obligations by making such 
payment in Euro on, or as soon as 
reasonably 
practicable 
after, 
the 
respective Payment Business Day on 
the basis of the Applicable Exchange 
Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
[further] interest or any other payment 
as a result thereof. The "Applicable 
Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange 
reference rate for the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the 
European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a 
reasonable period (as determined by 
the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment 
is made or, (ii) if such rate is not 
available, the foreign exchange rate of 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor Currency against the Euro 
as determined by the Issuer in its 
equitable discretion.] 
gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-
Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht mehr für die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
jeweiligen Zahltag oder sobald wie es 
nach dem Zahltag vernünftigerweise 
möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
sind 
nicht 
berechtigt, 
[weitere] 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung 
zu 
verlangen. 
Der 
"anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist (i) 
falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs 
des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung 
oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der von 
der Europäischen Zentralbank für 
einen Tag festgelegt und veröffentlicht 
wird, 
der 
innerhalb 
eines 
angemessenen 
Zeitraums 
(gemäß 
Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe 
wie möglich an dem Tag liegt, an dem 
die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) 
falls 
kein 
solcher 
Wechselkurs 
verfügbar ist, der von der Emittentin 
nach billigem Ermessen festgelegte 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
oder 
der 
Nachfolge-Währung.] 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird 
durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date 
for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such 
day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag 
einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger 
keinen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. 
Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
 
 
For 
these 
purposes, 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day which 
is [in the case of other relevant 
financial centres insert: a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert 
all 
relevant 
financial 
centres]] [and] [in case TARGET2 is 
applicable: a day on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant 
 
 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahltag" einen Tag, [im Fall von 
anderen relevanten Finanzzentren, 
einfügen: der ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren angeben] abwickeln] 
[und] [falls TARGET2 anwendbar: 
der ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
parts 
of 
the 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") 
are 
operational to forward the relevant 
payment]. 
System 
sowie 
alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") 
betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffenden 
Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
 
 
[In case the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi, the following shall apply:  
 
 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
festgelegte 
Währung Renminbi ist, gilt das 
Folgende: 
 
 
(5) 
Payment 
of 
U.S. 
Dollar 
Equivalent. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
if 
by 
reason 
of 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to 
satisfy payments of principal or 
interest (in whole or in part) in respect 
of the Notes when due in Renminbi, 
the Issuer shall, by sending an 
irrevocable notice not less than five or 
more than 30 calendar days prior to the 
due date for payment to the Holders, 
settle any such payment (in whole or 
in part) in U.S. Dollars on the due date 
at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any 
such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In case the Issuer needs to satisfy 
payments of principal or interest in 
part in Renminbi and in part in U.S. 
Dollars, it shall to the extent possible 
make payment to each Holder in the 
same pro rata amount of Renminbi and 
U.S. Dollar in accordance with the 
rules of the Clearing System from time 
to time. 
 
 
(5) Zahlung des Gegenwerts in U.S.-
Dollar. Für den Fall, dass die 
Emittentin 
ungeachtet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
aufgrund 
von 
Nichtkonvertierbarkeit, 
Nichttransferierbarkeit 
oder 
Illiquidität nicht in der Lage ist, unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen fällige 
Kapitalbeträge oder Zinsen (ganz oder 
teilweise) in Renminbi zu zahlen, wird 
die Emittentin nach Versendung einer 
unwiderruflichen 
Mitteilung 
frühestens 
30 
Kalendertage 
und 
spätestens 5 Kalendertage vor dem 
Tag, an dem die Zahlung an die 
Gläubiger fällig wird, eine solche 
Zahlung am Fälligkeitstag (ganz oder 
teilweise) in U.S.-Dollar in dem 
Gegenwert in U.S.-Dollar zu dem auf 
Renminbi lautenden Betrag tätigen. 
Sofern die Emittentin Zahlungen von 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträgen teilweise in 
Renminbi und teilweise in U.S.-Dollar 
zu tätigen hat, wird sie die Zahlungen 
an jeden Anteilinhaber soweit wie 
möglich 
im 
gleichen 
anteiligen 
Verhältnis zwischen Renminbi und 
U.S.-Dollar 
gemäß 
den 
jeweils 
geltenden Vorschriften des Clearing 
Systems tätigen. 
 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the 
Renminbi amount converted into U.S. 
Dollars using the Spot Rate for the 
relevant Determination Date. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
steht der Begriff "Gegenwert in U.S.-
Dollar" für den auf der Grundlage des 
an dem betreffenden Festlegungstag 
geltenden Kassakurses in U.S.-Dollar 
konvertierten Renminbi-Betrag. 
 
 
For these purposes  
 
 
Zu diesem Zweck: 
 
 
"Calculation Agent" means [•]; 
 
 
ist die "Berechnungsstelle" die [•]; 
 
 
"Renminbi" or "CNY" means the 
lawful currency of the PRC; 
 
 
steht "Renminbi" oder "CNY" für die 
gesetzmäßige Währung der VRC; 
 
 
"Renminbi 
Dealer" 
means 
an 
independent foreign exchange dealer 
of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong;  
 
 
ist ein "Renminbi-Händler" ein 
unabhängiger, 
international 
renommierter, 
am 
Renminbi-
Devisenmarkt in Hongkong tätiger 
Devisenhändler;

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
"Determination 
Business 
Day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are 
open 
for 
general 
business 
(including 
dealings 
in 
foreign 
exchange) in Hong Kong, Beijing, 
London, TARGET and in New York 
City;  
 
 
ist 
ein 
"Geschäftstag 
zu 
Festlegungszwecken" ein Tag (außer 
Samstag und Sonntag), an dem die 
Geschäftsbanken 
in 
Hongkong, 
Peking, London, TARGET und New 
York 
City 
für 
den 
üblichen 
Geschäftsbetrieb 
(einschließlich 
Devisengeschäfte) geöffnet sind; 
 
 
"Determination Date" means the day 
which is three Determination Business 
Days before the due date for any 
payment of the relevant amount under 
these Conditions;  
 
 
ist ein "Festlegungstag" der Tag, der 
drei 
Geschäftstage 
zu 
Festlegungszwecken vor dem Tag 
liegt, 
an 
dem 
Zahlungen 
des 
betreffenden Betrags gemäß diesen 
Bedingungen fällig sind; 
 
 
"Governmental Authority" means 
any de facto or de jure government (or 
any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of the 
PRC and Hong Kong;  
 
 
ist eine "Regierungsbehörde" jede 
faktische bzw. laut Gesetz bestehende 
Regierungsstelle 
(oder 
öffentliche 
Institution oder eine Unterabteilung 
davon), jedes Gericht, Tribunal, jede 
Verwaltungs- 
oder 
Regierungsbehörde 
oder 
sonstige 
(öffentlich-rechtliche 
oder 
zivilrechtliche) juristische Person, die 
mit der Regulierung der Finanzmärkte 
(einschließlich der Zentralbank) in der 
VRC und Hongkong betraut ist; 
 
 
"Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC; 
 
 
steht 
"Hongkong" 
für 
die 
Sonderverwaltungsregion Hongkong 
der VRC; 
 
 
"Illiquidity" means where the general 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy 
its obligation to pay interest or 
principal (in whole or in part) in 
respect of the Notes as determined by 
the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially 
reasonable 
manner 
following consultation (if practicable) 
with two Renminbi Dealers; 
 
 
bezeichnet 
"Illiquidität" 
einen 
Zustand, 
der 
eintritt, 
wenn 
der 
allgemeine 
Devisenmarkt 
für 
Renminbi in Hongkong nicht mehr 
ausreichend liquide ist, und sich die 
Emittentin aus diesem Grund nicht 
genügend Renminbi zur Erfüllung 
ihrer Verpflichtung zur (vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen) 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapitalbeträgen oder Zinsen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beschaffen 
kann, wobei die Emittentin dies nach 
Treu und Glauben, in einer nach 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gesichtspunkten 
angemessenen Weise, sowie (wenn 
möglich) nach Rücksprache mit zwei 
Renminbi-Händlern feststellt; 
 
 
"Inconvertibility" 
means 
the 
occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the Notes 
in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely 
to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted 
by 
any 
Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after [Issue Date] 
 
 
bezeichnet "Nichtkonvertierbarkeit" 
den 
Eintritt 
eines 
Ereignisses, 
aufgrund dessen die Emittentin nicht 
mehr die Möglichkeit hat, einen im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen 
Betrag 
auf 
dem 
allgemeinen 
Devisenmarkt 
für 
Renminbi 
in 
Hongkong zu konvertieren, es sei 
denn, diese Unmöglichkeit ist alleine 
darauf 
zurückzuführen, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin ein Gesetz, eine Regel oder

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
and it is impossible for the Issuer, due 
to an event beyond its control or any 
other laws applicable to the Issuer, to 
comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
Vorschrift, 
die 
von 
einer 
Regierungsbehörde erlassen wurde, 
nicht einhält (es sei denn, ein solches 
Gesetz, eine Regel oder Vorschrift ist 
nach dem [Begebungstag einfügen] 
erlassen worden und die Emittentin ist 
aufgrund 
eines 
außerhalb 
ihres 
Einflussbereichs 
liegenden 
Ereignisses oder sonstiger, für sie 
geltender Gesetze nicht in der Lage, 
das betreffende Gesetz, die Regel oder 
Vorschrift einzuhalten); 
 
 
"Non-transferability" 
means 
the 
occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to transfer 
Renminbi between accounts inside 
Hong Kong or from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside 
Hong Kong and outside the PRC or 
from an account outside Hong Kong 
and outside the PRC to an account 
inside Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after [Issue Date] and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control or any other laws applicable 
to the Issuer, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); 
 
 
bezeichnet "Nichttransferierbarkeit" 
den 
Eintritt 
eines 
Ereignisses, 
aufgrund dessen die Emittentin nicht 
mehr die Möglichkeit hat, Renminbi 
zwischen 
Konten 
innerhalb 
von 
Hongkong oder von einem Konto in 
Hongkong auf ein Konto außerhalb 
von Hongkong und außerhalb der 
VRC, 
oder 
von 
einem 
Konto 
außerhalb 
von 
Hongkong 
und 
außerhalb der VRC auf ein Konto in 
Hongkong zu transferieren, es sei 
denn, diese Unmöglichkeit ist alleine 
darauf 
zurückzuführen, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin ein Gesetz, eine Regel oder 
Vorschrift, 
die 
von 
einer 
Regierungsbehörde erlassen wurde, 
nicht einhält (es sei denn, ein solches 
Gesetz, eine Regel oder Vorschrift ist 
nach dem [Begebungstag einfügen] 
erlassen worden und die Emittentin ist 
aufgrund 
eines 
außerhalb 
ihres 
Einflussbereichs 
liegenden 
Ereignisses oder sonstiger, für sie 
geltender Gesetze nicht in der Lage, 
das betreffende Gesetz, die Regel oder 
Vorschrift einzuhalten); 
 
 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of 
China which, for the purpose of these 
Conditions, shall exclude Hong Kong, 
the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of 
China and Taiwan; and 
 
 
steht "VRC" für die Volksrepublik 
China, wobei für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen 
Hongkong, 
die 
Sonderverwaltungsregion Macau der 
Volksrepublik China und Taiwan als 
ausgenommen gelten; und 
 
 
"Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/U.S. 
Dollar exchange rate for the purchase 
of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the 
over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong for settlement in 
two Determination Business Days, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent 
at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) 
on the Determination Date, on a 
deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or 
if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If 
neither 
rate 
is 
available, 
the 
 
 
steht "Kassakurs" (Spot Rate) für den 
Devisenkassakurs zwischen Renminbi 
und U.S.-Dollar für den Kauf von 
U.S.-Dollar mit Renminbi auf dem 
außerbörslichen 
Renminbi 
Devisenmarkt 
in 
Hongkong 
mit 
Valutierung nach zwei Geschäftstagen 
zu Festlegungszwecken zu dem von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Festlegungstag um ca. 11.00 Uhr 
(Hongkonger 
Zeit), 
unter 
der 
Annahme 
einer 
tatsächlichen 
Abwicklung (on a deliverable basis), 
unter 
Heranziehung 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
TRADCNY3 
von

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
Calculation Agent will determine the 
Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time) on the Determination Date 
as 
the 
most 
recently 
available 
CNY/U.S. Dollar official fixing rate 
for settlement in two Determination 
Business Days reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange 
of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. 
Reference to a page on the Reuters 
Screen means the display page so 
designated on the Reuters Monitor 
Money 
Rates 
Service 
(or 
any 
successor service) or such other page 
as may replace that page for the 
purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate. 
Reuters festgelegten Kurs, und, sofern 
ein solcher Kurs nicht zur Verfügung 
steht, unter der Annahme eines 
synthetischen Geschäfts (on a non-
deliverable 
basis), 
unter 
Heranziehung 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
TRADNDF 
von 
Reuters. 
Sofern 
keiner dieser Kurse verfügbar ist, wird 
die Berechnungsstelle den Kassakurs 
um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Hongkonger Zeit) 
am Festlegungstag als aktuellsten 
verfügbaren 
offiziellen 
Kurs 
für 
Transaktionen mit Valuta nach zwei 
Geschäftstagen 
zu 
Festlegungszwecken 
zwischen 
Renminbi und U.S.-Dollar festlegen, 
wie vom staatlichen Devisenamt der 
VRC (State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC) veröffentlicht, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
CNY=SAEC 
von 
Reuters 
veröffentlicht wird. Verweise auf 
Bildschirmseiten 
von 
Reuters 
beziehen sich auf von Reuters so 
bezeichnete Monitor Money Rates 
Service Seiten (oder einen an dessen 
Stelle tretenden Dienst) oder auf 
andere Seiten, die diese Seiten zum 
Zwecke 
der 
Darstellung 
eines 
vergleichbaren Devisenwechselkurses 
gegebenenfalls ersetzen. 
 
 
All 
notifications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of 
§ 4(5) by the Calculation Agent, will 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agents and all Holders.] 
 
 
Sämtliche 
Mitteilungen, 
Stellungnahmen, 
Festlegungen, 
Bescheinigungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen oder Entscheidungen, 
die von der Berechnungsstelle zum 
Zwecke der Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 4(5) gemacht oder getroffen werden 
oder von dieser eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern kein Vorsatz, keine Arglist und 
kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, die beauftragten 
Stellen sowie für alle Gläubiger 
bindend.] 
 
 
[(5)][(6)] References to Principal and 
Interest. 
References 
in 
these 
Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if 
redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer for other than tax reasons 
insert: the Call Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the 
option of the Holder insert: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] 
and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Notes. References 
in these Conditions to interest in 
 
 
[(5)][(6)] Bezugnahmen auf Kapital 
und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls 
der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche 
gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
[(6)][(7)] Deposit of Principal and 
Interest. The Issuer may deposit with 
the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, 
even though such Holders may not be 
in default of acceptance of payment. If 
and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
[(6)][(7)] Hinterlegung von Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden 
sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich 
nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung 
erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen 
die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or in 
part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
on 
[insert 
Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity 
Date"). 
The 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall 
be its principal amount. 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation. If as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Germany [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF insert: or The 
Netherlands] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VWGoAF insert: or the 
United States] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VCCI insert: or Canada] or 
any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties 
of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment 
to, 
an 
official 
interpretation or application of such 
laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer 
 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und 
gemäß § [12][13] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder die Garantin]

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
[in the case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: or the 
Guarantor] 
is 
required 
to 
pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 
herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), 
and this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF insert: or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be,], the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer, upon not more 
than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' 
prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ [12][13] to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined 
below), together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
als 
Folge 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Steuer- 
oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften in 
Deutschland 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
der Niederlande] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
oder 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
oder Kanadas] oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Anwendung 
oder 
der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche 
dieser 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, 
wirksam) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) 
definiert) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 
dieser 
Bedingungen 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder der Garantin] 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
However, 
no 
such 
notice 
of 
redemption may be given (i) earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF insert: or the Guarantor] 
would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect.  
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder die Garantin] 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in 
accordance with § [12][13]. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth 
a statement in summary form of the 
facts constituting the basis for the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
zu 
erfolgen. 
Sie 
ist 
unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early 
Redemp-
tion at the 
Option of 
the Issuer 
insert: 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause 
(b), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
set 
forth 
below 
together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [if Minimum 
Redemption Amount or Higher 
Redemption Amount applies 
insert: Any such redemption 
must be of a principal amount 
equal 
to 
[at 
least 
[insert 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount]] 
[insert 
Higher 
Redemption Amount].] 
Falls 
die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, 
einfügen 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise am/an 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
[Bei 
Geltung 
eines 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages 
oder 
eines 
erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
einfügen: 
Eine 
solche 
Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines 
Nennbetrages von [mindestens 
[Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen]] 
[erhöhter 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
 
 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Call) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder insert: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of 
such Note under this § 5(4).] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz (4) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ [12][13]. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
 
(b) Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen;

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese 
Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, 
which shall be not less than 
[insert Minimum Notice to 
Holders] nor more than 
[insert Maximum Notice to 
Holders] days after the date 
on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), der nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] und nicht mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage nach dem 
Tag der Kündigung durch 
die Emittentin gegenüber 
den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und 
 
(iv) the 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(iv) den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption 
of Notes, Notes to be redeemed 
shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form insert: Such 
partial 
redemption 
shall 
be 
reflected in the records of CBL 
and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing 
Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Form einer NGN begeben 
werden, einfügen: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung 
wird 
in 
den 
Registern 
von 
CBL 
und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early 
Redemp-
tion at the 
Option of 
the Holder 
insert: 
 
[[(3)] [(4)] Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Holder of any Note, redeem 
such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
set 
forth 
below 
together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date. 
Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein Wahl-
recht hat, 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zu kündi-
gen, 
ein-
fügen: 
 
[[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[insert Put 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[insert Put 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
einfügen] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[if Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer insert: The Holder may not 
exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its 
options to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5.] 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in 
Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, 
the Holder must, not less than 
[insert Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [insert 
Maximum Notice to Issuer] 
days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified 
in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal 
business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed 
early 
redemption 
notice ("Put Notice") in the form 
available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The 
Put Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities 
identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only 
be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, 
hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] und nicht mehr als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem 
die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung"), 
wie 
sie 
von 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent 
erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummer 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit 
vergeben). Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.]

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
[[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount. 
 
 
[[(3)][(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
 
For purposes of § 9 and § 5(2), the 
Early Redemption Amount of a Note 
shall 
be 
its 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount.] 
 
 
Für die Zwecke des § 9 und des 
Absatzes (2) dieses § 5, entspricht der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] 
THE PAYING AGENT  
[AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[, ] [UND] 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
[UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the initial 
Paying 
Agent 
[and 
the 
initial 
Calculation Agent] and their initial 
specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Der 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle [und die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] 
und 
deren 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] 
laute[t][n] 
wie 
folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent [and][,] Paying Agent 
[and Calculation Agent]: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Fiscal Agent [und][,] Zahlstelle [und 
Berechnungsstelle]: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Vereinigtes Königreich 
 
 
[Calculation Agent:] 
[insert name and specified office] 
 
 
[Berechnungsstelle:] 
[Namen 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle einfügen] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified office[s] to some other 
specified office in the same country. 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
the Paying Agent [or the Calculation 
Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents 
[or 
another 
Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
insert: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) with 
a specified office in Luxembourg 
and/or in such other place as may be 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält 
sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder der 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal 
Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen 
[oder 
eine 
andere 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) 
einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an einer Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: [,] [und] (ii) solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, eine

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
required by the rules of such stock 
exchange] [in the case of payments in 
USD insert: [,] [and] [(iii)] if 
payments at or through the offices of 
all Paying Agents outside the United 
States (as defined below) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in 
New York City] [if any Calculation 
Agent is to be appointed insert: [,] 
[and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent [if 
Calculation Agent is required to 
maintain a Specified Office in a 
Required Location insert: with a 
specified office located in [insert 
Required Location]]]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § [12][13]. 
Zahlstelle (die der Fiscal Agent sein 
kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in Luxemburg und/oder an solchen 
anderen Orten unterhalten, die die 
Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
USD 
einfügen: 
[,] 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen 
aller 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie unten definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung 
oder 
des 
Empfangs 
der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
USD 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten] 
[falls 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden 
soll, einfügen: [,] [und] [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
[falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
an 
einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
zu 
unterhalten 
hat, 
einfügen: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]] 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
vorab 
unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) so long as the Notes clear in CDS, 
a Paying Agent that is able to make 
payments to CDS in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of CDS, and 
(ii) if Definitive Notes are issued, a 
Paying Agent which may be the Fiscal 
Agent with a specified office in 
Toronto. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen die auf 
CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
Die Emittentin soll zu jeder Zeit (i) 
eine Zahlstelle, die in der Lage ist, 
Zahlungen 
an 
CDS 
gemäß 
der 
Vorschriften und Verfahren von CDS 
zu 
leisten, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
CDS 
gecleart werden, und (ii) wenn 
Einzelurkunden begeben werden, eine 
Zahlstelle, die der Fiscal Agent mit 
einer bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle in 
Toronto sein kann, behalten. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
other than 
CAD 
Notes held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, 
"United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, 
die 
keine 
CAD 
Schuldver
schreibun
 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U. S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
gen 
sind, 
die 
von 
CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal 
Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any 
obligations 
towards 
or 
relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder. 
 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [und] 
die 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF insert: 
The Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF insert: the 
United States or] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If the Issuer is 
required by law to make any such 
withholding or deduction the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or 
duties which: 
 
 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder 
in 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: den 
Niederlanden oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
Kanada oder die Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde von oder in [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: den 
Niederlanden oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
Kanada oder die Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Wenn die 
Emittentin gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet 
ist einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
vorzunehmen, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge")

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die 
den 
Gläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch 
nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und 
Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person 
oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the 
Holder having, or having had, 
some 
personal 
or 
business 
connection with [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF insert: The 
Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany and 
not merely by reason of the fact 
that payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF insert: The 
Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany; or 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Niederlanden 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen 
in 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Niederlanden 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant 
to (i) any European Union 
Directive 
or 
Regulation 
 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
interest income paid to an 
individual and certain types of 
entities called "residual entities", 
or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which [in the case 
of Notes issued by VIF insert: 
The Netherlands or] [in the case 
of Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany or the 
European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any 
provision 
of 
law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or (iv) 
the 
Luxembourg 
law 
of 
December 23, 2005, as amended 
by the law of July 17, 2008, with 
respect to Luxembourg resident 
individuals; or (v) sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"), and any 
current or future U.S. Treasury 
regulations issued thereunder or 
official interpretations thereof or 
agreement thereunder or, any 
agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
any applicable intergovernmental 
agreements 
entered 
into 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
implementation of the foregoing 
and any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, 
rules 
or 
official 
practices adopted pursuant to 
such 
intergovernmental 
agreements ("FATCA"); or 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen, 
welche an eine natürliche Person 
oder an bestimmte juristische 
Personen, 
die 
als 
sonstige 
Einrichtungen (residual entities) 
bezeichnet werden ausgeschüttet 
werden 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, an der [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: die Niederlande oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder 
(iii) 
einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, oder (iv) 
des 
Gesetzes 
vom 
23. Dezember 2005, 
geändert 
durch 
das 
Gesetz 
vom 
17. Juli 2008 
bezüglich 
natürlicher Personen, die in 
Luxemburg 
ansässig 
sind, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind; oder (v) der Abschnitte 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Codes von 1986 (der 
"Code"), 
in 
seiner 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung, 
und 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Regelungen 
oder 
seiner 
offiziellen Auslegungen oder von 
Verträgen 
gemäß 
Abschnitt 
1471(b) 
des 
Codes, 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Verträgen, 
die im Zusammenhang mit der 
Umsetzung 
des 
vorstehenden 
geschlossen wurden und steuer- 
oder aufsichtsrechtliche Gesetze, 
Regelungen 
oder 
Verwaltungspraxis im Hinblick 
hierauf ("FATCA"); oder 
 
 
(d) are withheld or deducted from 
any payment to be made to a 
Noteholder being resident in a 
non-cooperative 
country 
or 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the 
meaning of the act to prevent tax 
evasion 
and 
unfair 
tax 
competition 
(Steueroasen-
 
 
(d) von einer Zahlung an einen 
Anleihegläubiger 
abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind, der in 
einem 
nicht 
kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb (Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz) 
wie 
jeweils

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
Abwehrgesetz) as amended or 
replaced from time to time 
(including 
any 
ordinance 
(Verordnung) enacted based on 
this act); or 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt 
(einschließlich der aufgrund von 
diesem 
Gesetz 
ergangenen 
Verordnungen) ansässig ist; oder 
 
 
(e) are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or 
interest becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with 
§ [12][13], 
whichever 
occurs 
later; or 
 
 
(e) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung 
zahlbar sind, die später als 30 
Tage 
nach 
Fälligkeit 
der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(f) are withheld or deducted by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent 
without such withholding or 
deduction[; or][.] 
 
 
(f) von einer Zahlstelle einbehalten 
oder abgezogen werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt 
oder Abzug hätte vorgenommen 
werden können[; oder][.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
[(g) are payable to the extent that such 
taxes would not have been 
imposed but for a Holder or a 
holder of a talon, receipt or 
coupon in respect of a Note: (i) 
not dealing at arm's length 
(within the meaning of the 
Income Tax Act (Canada)), with 
the Issuer or Guarantor, or (ii) the 
Holder of the Note or the holder 
of the talon, receipt or coupon in 
respect of the Note being, or not 
dealing at arm's length (within the 
meaning of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada)) with, at any time a 
"specified shareholder" of the 
Issuer as defined in subsection 
(18)(5) of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada); or] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(g) in dem Umfang zu zahlen sind, in 
dem solche Steuern nicht erhoben 
worden wären, wenn nicht ein 
Gläubiger oder ein Inhaber eines 
Talons, 
Rückzahlungsscheins 
oder Zinsscheins in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) keine 
gleichberechtigten 
Geschäfte 
(dealing at arm's length) im 
Sinne 
des 
Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) mit 
der Emittentin oder Garantin 
tätigt, oder (ii) der Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibung oder der 
Inhaber 
des 
Talons, 
Rückzahlungsscheins 
oder 
Zinsscheins in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
jederzeit 
ein 
"designierter 
Aktionär" der Emittentin, wie in 
Absatz (18)(5) des Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) 
definiert 
ist 
oder 
keine 
gleichberechtigten 
Geschäfte 
(dealing at arm's length) im 
Sinne 
des 
Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) mit 
designierten 
Anteilseignern 
tätigt; oder] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
 
[(g) which are imposed by the United 
States as a result of a Holder's or 
beneficial owner's (i) failure to 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
 
[(g) von den Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund der Tatsache erhoben 
werden, dass ein Gläubiger oder

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
establish a complete exemption 
from 
such 
withholding 
tax 
(including, but not limited to, by 
providing an applicable IRS 
Form W-8 or W-9), or (ii) past or 
present status as (v) a passive 
investment company with respect 
to the United States; a foreign 
corporation which accumulates 
earnings to avoid United States 
Federal income tax; (w) a 
controlled foreign corporation 
with respect to the United States 
that is related to the Issuer 
through stock ownership; (x) a 
private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect 
to the United States; (y) a "10 per 
cent. shareholder" with respect to 
the Issuer within the meaning of 
Section 
871(h)(3)(B) 
or 
881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal 
Revenue Code; or (z) a bank 
receiving interest described in 
Section 
881(c)(3)(A) 
of the 
Internal Revenue Code.] 
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
wirtschaftlich Berechtigter (i) 
nicht in der Lage war, eine 
vollständige Befreiung von der 
Einkommensbesteuerung 
(einschließlich der Vorlage des 
einschlägigen IRS Formulars W-
8 oder W-9) zu erwirken oder (ii) 
gegenwärtig 
oder 
in 
der 
Vergangenheit den Status (v) 
eines 
passiven 
Anlageunternehmens 
(passive 
investment company) im Hinblick 
auf die Vereinigten Staaten, also 
eines Unternehmens, das Erträge 
bündelt, um Einkommenssteuern 
in den USA (United States 
Federal 
income 
tax) 
zu 
vermeiden; (w) eines im Hinblick 
auf 
die 
USA 
beherrschten 
ausländischen 
Unternehmens 
(controlled foreign corporation), 
das durch Aktienbesitz mit der 
Emittentin verbunden ist, (x) 
einer privaten Stiftung oder 
sonstigen 
steuerbefreiten 
Körperschaft (private foundation 
or 
other 
tax-exempt 
organisation) im Hinblick auf die 
USA; 
(y) 
eines 
"10 % 
Anteilsinhabers" im Sinne des 
Paragraphen 
871(h)(3)(B) 
or 
881(c)(3)(B) 
des 
Internal 
Revenue Code im Hinblick auf 
die Emittentin; oder (z) einer 
Zinsen erhaltenden Bank im 
Sinne 
von 
Paragraph 
881(c)(3)(A) 
des 
Internal 
Revenue Code innehat oder 
hatte.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF 
insert: 
 
[(g) are payable by reason of the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021).] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
 
[(g) aufgrund des Niederländischen 
Quellensteuergesetzes 
2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021) zahlbar 
sind.] 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
The presentation period provided in 
§ 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB 
(German Civil Code) is reduced to ten 
years for the Notes. 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB 
bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für 
die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt.

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder 
shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent 
its entire claims arising from the Notes 
and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in § 5) together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, in the event that: 
 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
sämtlichen Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise durch Kündigung gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent fällig zu stellen und 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, 
falls: 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform 
any other obligation arising from 
the Notes [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor fails to perform any 
obligation 
arising 
from 
the 
Guarantee referred to in § 2] 
which failure is not capable of 
remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 90 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin die Erfüllung einer 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie, 
auf die in § 2 Bezug genommen 
wird,] 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung 
nicht 
geheilt 
werden kann oder, falls sie 
geheilt werden kann, länger als 
90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der 
Fiscal 
Agent 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung 
von 
einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
or 
ceases 
its 
payments, or 
 
 
(c) die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die 
Garantin] 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt 
gibt; oder 
 
 
(d) a court opens bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] or such proceedings 
are instituted and have not been 
discharged or stayed within 60 
days, or the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
applies 
for 
or 
institutes such proceedings or 
offers or makes an arrangement 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Konkurs- oder 
anderes 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] eröffnet, oder ein 
Verfahren eröffnet wird, welches 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
beendet oder eingestellt wird oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF insert: or the 
Issuer applies for a "surseance 
van 
betaling" 
(within 
the 
meaning of Statute of Bankruptcy 
of The Netherlands),] or 
die 
Garantin] 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt 
oder 
eine 
allgemeine 
Schuldenregelung 
zugunsten 
ihrer Gläubiger anbietet oder 
trifft 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
ein 
"surseance van betaling" (im 
Sinne 
des 
niederländischen 
Insolvenzrechts) beantragt]; oder 
 
 
(e) the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] goes into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger, or other form of 
combination 
with 
another 
company and such company 
assumes 
all 
obligations 
contracted by the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: or 
the Guarantor, as the case may 
be,] in connection with this 
issue[, or][.] 
 
 
(e) die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft und diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] im Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist[; oder][.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert, 
if 
appli-
cable: 
 
[(f) the 
Guarantee 
ceases, 
for 
whatever reason, to be in full 
force and effect.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI und 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen, 
wenn 
anwend-
bar: 
 
[(f) die Garantie, gleich aus welchem 
Grund, nicht mehr in vollem 
Umfang rechtswirksam ist.] 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to 
it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls 
der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung 
des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in 
subparagraph (1)(b) above, any notice 
declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in subparagraph 
(1)(a) and (1)(c) through (1)[(e)][(f)] 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes 
 
 
(2) Quorum. Im Fall von Absatz (1) (b) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in 
Absatz 
(1)(a) 
und 
(1)(c) 
bis 
(1)[(e)][(f)] 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen 
sind. 
 
 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any 
notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance with subparagraph (1) 
above shall be made by means of a 
declaration in the German or English 
language delivered in text form to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
together with proof that such Holder at 
the time of such notice is a holder of 
the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of his Custodian (as defined 
in § [14(3)]) or in other appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem Absatz (1) ist in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu 
erklären und in Textform an dessen 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln. Der Benachrichtigung ist 
ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. 
Der Nachweis kann durch eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in 
[§ 14 Absatz (3)] definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht 
werden. 
 
 
[§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
 
[§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG, 
VIF 
and 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be 
entitled at any time, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, to substitute for the 
Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
VIF or VCCI insert: either the 
Guarantor or] any Subsidiary (as 
defined below) [in the case of Notes 
issued by VWAG insert: of it] [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF or VCCI 
insert: of the Guarantor] as principal 
debtor in respect to all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (the "Substitute Debtor"), 
provided that: 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG, 
VIF 
und 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist 
jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich 
nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Verzug 
befindet, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen von VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: entweder die Garantin oder] 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG begeben werden, einfügen: 
der 
Emittentin] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen von VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: der Garantin] an ihrer Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
sofern: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer arising 
from or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt;

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor is in a 
position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes in the 
Specified Currency without the 
necessity of any taxes or duties 
being withheld at source levied 
by the country or jurisdiction in 
which the Substitute Debtor is 
domiciled and to transfer all 
amounts which are required to be 
paid under the Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent without any restrictions; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
ohne 
die 
Notwendigkeit 
eines 
Einbehalts von irgendwelchen 
Steuern oder Abgaben an der 
Quelle zu erfüllen, erhoben in 
dem Land oder der Jurisdiktion, 
wo 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
hat, 
sowie 
die 
erforderlichen Beträge, welche 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
gezahlt werden sollen, ohne 
Beschränkungen an den Fiscal 
Agent übertragen können; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor undertakes 
to reimburse any Holder for such 
taxes, fees or duties which may 
be imposed upon such Holder as 
a consequence of assumption of 
the obligations of the Issuer by 
the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
in 
accordance with this § 10; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich 
verpflichtet in Übereinstimmung 
mit diesem § 10, jedem Gläubiger 
alle Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben zu erstatten, die dem 
Gläubiger in Folge der Ersetzung 
durch die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) it 
is 
guaranteed 
that 
the 
obligations of the [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWAG insert: 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF or VCCI insert: 
Guarantor] from the Guarantee of 
the Debt Issuance Programme of 
the Issuers apply also to the Notes 
of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass sich die 
Verpflichtungen der [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWAG begeben werden, 
einfügen: Emittentin] [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, einfügen: Garantin] aus 
der Garantie des Debt Issuance 
Programms der Emittentinnen 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
erstrecken; 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to 
the Fiscal Agent one opinion for 
each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognised standing to 
the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied; and 
 
 
(e) dem Fiscal Agent jeweils eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), 
(b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden; 
und 
 
 
(f) Volkswagen Group of America 
Finance, LLC [in the case of 
CAD Notes held by CDS insert: 
or VW Credit, Inc.] is not the 
Substitute Debtor. 
 
 
(f) es 
sich 
bei 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht um 
die 
Volkswagen 
Group 
of 
America Finance, LLC [im Fall 
von 
CAD 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von CDS gehalten werden, 
einfügen: oder VW Credit, Inc.] 
handelt.

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
For purposes of these Conditions 
"Subsidiary" 
shall 
mean 
any 
corporation or partnership in which 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
directly or indirectly in the aggregate 
holds more than 90 % of the capital of 
any class or of the voting rights. 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Bedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" eine Kapital- 
oder Personengesellschaft, an der die 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft direkt 
oder indirekt insgesamt mehr als 90 % 
des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such 
substitution shall be published in 
accordance with § [12][13]. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung 
ist gemäß § [12][13] bekannt zu 
machen. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event 
of any such substitution, any reference 
in these Conditions to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to 
the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event 
of 
such 
substitution 
the 
following shall apply: 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im 
Fall 
einer 
Ersetzung 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
die 
Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included (in 
addition 
to 
the 
reference 
according 
to 
the 
preceding 
sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Debtor); 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden 
Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative 
reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor.] 
 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (e) gilt 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die 
Emittentin 
in 
ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF 
insert: 
 
[In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to The Netherlands shall be 
deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Niederlande 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat).]

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
[In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to Canada shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor.]] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative Bezugnahme auf Kanada 
als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat).]] 
 
 
§ [10] [11] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES 
AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
§ [10][11] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may 
from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the settlement date, 
interest commencement date and/or 
issue price) so as to form a single 
Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. 
Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold 
or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders for such Notes must be 
made available to all Holders of such 
Notes alike. 
 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von 
ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot 
erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed 
in full shall be cancelled forthwith and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
 
 
§ [11] [12] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, 
AMENDMENT OF THE 
GUARANTEE] 
 
 
§ [11] [12] 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Gläubiger können entsprechend 
den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
–

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by a majority 
resolution pursuant to sections 5 et 
seqq. SchVG. In particular, the 
Holders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including such measures as provided 
for under section 5 paragraph 3 of the 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as 
stated in subparagraph (2) below. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding 
on all Holders. Holders' Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their 
being treated disadvantageously. 
"SchVG") 
durch 
einen 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. SchVG über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Gläubiger können insbesondere einer 
Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich 
der 
in 
§ 5 Absatz 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen 
durch 
Beschlüsse 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden Absatz (2) genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger 
sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Majority Resolutions. Majority 
resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than [75] % of the 
votes cast. Resolutions relating to 
amendments 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions which are not material and 
which do not relate to the matters 
listed in section 5(3), Nos. 1 to 9 of the 
SchVG require a simple majority of 
the votes cast. 
 
 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden 
mit 
einer 
Mehrheit von [75] % der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 
Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 9 des SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Passing of resolutions. The 
Holders can pass resolutions in a 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in 
accordance with section 5 et seqq. of 
the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with 
section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Die Gläubiger 
können 
Beschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG fassen 
 
 
(4) Meeting. If resolutions of the 
Holders shall be made by means of a 
meeting 
the 
convening 
notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further 
details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to the Holders together with the 
convening notice. [In the case of 
Notes not denominated in CAD and 
held by CDS insert: Attendance at the 
meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. 
The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening 
 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Falls 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gefasst 
werden, enthält die Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung nähere Angaben zu 
den 
Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. 
Die 
Gegenstände und Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern mit der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung bekannt gemacht. [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die 
nicht auf CAD lauten und von CDS 
gehalten werden, einfügen: Die 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, 
Holders 
must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with §[13][14][(3)][(4)] 
hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such registration 
has been sent until (and including) the 
stated end of the meeting.] [In the case 
of Notes denominated in CAD and 
held by CDS insert: As long as the 
Permanent Global Note is kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System, a Holder's eligibility to 
participate in the vote should be 
determined in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the Clearing 
System.] 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Mit 
der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß §[13][14] Absatz 
[(3)][(4)] und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden, 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
 
 
(5) Vote without a meeting. If 
resolutions of the Holders shall be 
made by means of a vote without a 
meeting 
the 
request 
for 
voting 
(Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will 
provide for further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote 
as 
well 
as 
the 
proposed 
resolutions shall be notified to the 
Holders together with the request for 
voting. [In the case of Notes not 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS insert: The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the 
request for voting no later than the 
third day preceding the beginning of 
the voting period. As part of the 
registration, 
Holders 
must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with §[13][14][(3)][(4)] 
hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such registration 
has been sent until (and including) the 
 
 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält 
die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen 
und zu den Abstimmungsmodalitäten. 
Die Gegenstände und Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die 
nicht auf CAD lauten und von CDS 
gehalten werden, einfügen: Die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor Beginn 
des Abstimmungszeitraums zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§[13][14] Absatz [(3)][(4)] und durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
day the voting period ends.] [In the 
case of Notes denominated in CAD 
and held by CDS insert: As long as 
the Permanent Global Note is kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System, a Holder's eligibility to 
participate in the vote should be 
determined in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the Clearing 
System.] 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden, 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
 
 
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the meeting 
pursuant to § [11][12](4) or the vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ [11][12](5), in case of a meeting the 
chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene 
a second meeting in accordance with 
section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of 
the SchVG or in case of a vote without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of 
the SchVG. [In the case of Notes not 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS insert: Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. 
The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day 
preceding the second meeting. As part 
of the registration, Holders must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with §[13][14][(3)][(4)] 
hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such registration 
has been sent until (and including) the 
stated end of the meeting.] [In the case 
of Notes denominated in CAD and 
held by CDS insert: As long as the 
Permanent Global Note is kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System, a Holder's eligibility to 
participate in the vote should be 
determined in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the Clearing 
System.] 
 
 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ [11][12] Absatz (4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß 
§ [11][12] Absatz (5) 
die 
mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, kann - im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
- 
der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 
SchVG und - im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
- 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen 
die nicht auf CAD lauten und von 
CDS gehalten werden, einfügen: Die 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
zweiten 
Versammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
zweiten 
Versammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§[13][14] Absatz [(3)][(4)] und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden,

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
If 
no 
Holders' 
Repre-
sentative 
is designa-
ted in the 
Condi-
tions, 
insert: 
 
(7) Holders' Representative. The 
Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' 
Representative") 
to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf 
of each Holder. 
Falls kein 
gemein-
samer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Bedin-
gungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen. 
If 
the 
Holders' 
Repre-
sentative 
is appoint-
ed in the 
Condi-
tions, 
insert: 
 
(7) Holders' Representative. The 
common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") shall be [●]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted 
wilfully 
or 
with 
gross 
negligence. 
Im 
Fall 
der Bestel-
lung 
des 
gemein-
samen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Bedin-
gungen, 
einfügen: 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall 
have the duties and powers provided 
by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the 
extent that the Holders' Representative 
has been authorised to assert certain 
rights of the Holders, the Holders shall 
not be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly provided 
for in the relevant majority resolution. 
The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the 
SchVG apply with regard to the recall 
and the other rights and obligations of 
the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm 
durch Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
 
 
(8) 
Publication. 
Any 
notices 
concerning this § [11][12] shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG.  
 
 
(8) Veröffentlichung. 
Bekanntmachungen 
die 
diesen 
§ [11][12] 
betreffen, 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG.

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. The 
provisions set out above applicable to 
the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the Guarantee of Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
or 
any 
other 
guarantee provided in relation to the 
Notes. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf 
die 
Garantie 
der 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft sowie jede andere in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
abgegebene Garantie Anwendung. 
 
 
§ [12][13] 
NOTICES 
 
 
§ [12][13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[(1) 
Publication. 
All 
notices 
concerning 
the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to be validly given on 
the third calendar day following the 
date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third 
calendar day following the date of the 
first such publication).] [In the case of 
Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange insert: As long as the Notes 
are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day 
following 
the 
date 
of 
such 
publication.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind im Bundesanzeiger 
zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam 
erfolgt.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
gelistet sind und die Regeln und 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
erfordern, 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt.]  
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
(1) Publication. [In the case of Notes 
which are listed on a Stock 
Exchange insert: As long as the Notes 
are listed on the [official list of the] 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day 
following 
the 
date 
of 
such 
publication.] [In the case of Notes 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS: Should Definitive Notes ever be 
Falls 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, einfügen: Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Official 
List 
der] 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse gelistet sind und die 
Regeln 
und 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies 
erfordern, 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt.] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
auf 
CAD lauten und von CDS gehalten

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
issued, the Issuer shall publish all 
notices concerning the notes in a 
national 
Newspaper 
in 
Canada 
(expected to be the Globe and Mail). 
Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which such publication is 
made.] 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Sollten 
Einzelurkunden 
jemals 
begeben 
werden, dann soll die Emittentin alle 
Mitteilungen 
bezüglich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
einer 
nationalen 
Zeitung 
in 
Kanada 
(voraussichtlich die Globe and Mail) 
veröffentlichen. Jede einer solchen 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Bekanntmachung oder, wenn sie öfter 
als einmal oder an verschiedenen 
Tagen veröffentlich wurde, am ersten 
Tag an dem diese Bekanntmachung 
geschah, als erfolgt.] 
 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
 
 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearing 
System. 
 
 
[In the case of Notes which are 
unlisted insert: The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication 
by 
the 
Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
notiert sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin 
wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die 
Gläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
als 
den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed 
on 
the 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
insert: So long as any Notes are listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
above shall apply. In the case of 
notices regarding the Rate of Interest 
or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in 
lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
newspapers set forth in subparagraph 
(1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit 
dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz 
betrifft 
oder 
die 
Regeln 
der 
Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
§ [13] [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
§ [13][14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND[, 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
UND GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER,] [UND] 
GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, 
including all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, 
die 
nicht auf 
CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einschließlich 
die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin 
unterliegen 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht deutschem Recht.] 
In case of 
Notes 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to 
form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, 
die 
auf CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht.] 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The 
non-exclusive place of jurisdiction for 
all proceedings arising out of or in 
connection 
with 
the 
Notes 
("Proceedings") shall be the district 
court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main. The Holders, however, may also 
pursue their claims before any other 
court of competent jurisdiction. The 
German courts shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over the annulment of lost 
or destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts 
referred to in this subparagraph. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. Die 
Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche 
jedoch auch vor anderen zuständigen 
Gerichten 
geltend 
machen. 
Die 
deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich 
zuständig für die Kraftloserklärung 
abhanden 
gekommener 
oder 
vernichteter Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin unterwirft sich hiermit 
der Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall, pursuant 
section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have 
jurisdiction for all judgments in 
accordance with sections 9 para. 2, 13 
para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG 
and the district court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
shall 
have 
exclusive 
jurisdiction 
for 
all 
judgments over contested resolutions 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
 
[Das Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
ist gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG 
zuständig für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 
Absatz 2, 13 Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 
SchVG und das Landgericht Frankfurt 
am Main ist gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 
SchVG ausschließlich zuständig für 
Klagen im Zusammenhang mit der

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
by Holders in accordance with section 
20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der 
Gläubiger.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Wolfsburg shall, pursuant section 9 
para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction 
for all judgments in accordance with 
sections 9 para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 
para. 2 of the SchVG and the district 
court (Landgericht) in Braunschweig 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction for all 
judgments over contested resolutions 
by Holders in accordance with section 
20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[Das 
Amtsgericht 
Wolfsburg 
ist 
gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG zuständig 
für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 Absatz 2, 
13 Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 SchVG 
und das Landgericht Braunschweig ist 
gemäß 
§ 20 
Absatz 
3 
SchVG 
ausschließlich zuständig für Klagen im 
Zusammenhang mit der Anfechtung 
von Beschlüssen der Gläubiger.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[(3) Appointment of Authorised Agent. 
For any Proceedings before German 
courts, 
the 
Issuer 
appoints 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, 
Germany as its authorised agent for 
service of process in Germany.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) 
Bestellung 
von 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
Für 
etwaige 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
vor 
deutschen 
Gerichten 
bestellt 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft, Berliner Ring 2, 
38440 Wolfsburg, Deutschland, zu 
ihrer Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in 
Deutschland.] 
 
 
[(3)][(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of 
Notes may in any proceedings against 
the Issuer, or to which such Holder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) 
specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and 
(ii) a copy of the Note in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
 
 
[(3)][(4)] 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, 
in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei 
der er für die Schuldverschreibungen 
ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter 
(a) 
und 
(b) 
bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original 
eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers 
des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat,

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes 
also in any other way which is 
admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
ohne 
dass 
eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [14] [15] 
LANGUAGE 
 
 
§ [14][15] 
SPRACHE 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
German 
language 
with 
an 
English 
language 
transla-
tion 
insert: 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and 
binding. 
The 
English 
language 
translation 
is 
provided 
for 
convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sionsbe-
dingungen 
in 
deut-
scher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.] 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English 
language 
with 
a 
German 
language  
transla-
tion 
insert: 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The 
English text shall be controlling and 
binding. 
The 
German 
language 
translation 
is 
provided 
for 
convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sionsbe-
dingungen 
in 
engli-
scher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.] 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English 
language 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sionsbe-
dingungen 
aus-
schließlich 
in 
deut-
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.]

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
only 
insert: 
scher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen:

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
floating interest rates 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für 
Inhaberschuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
CONDITIONS OF ISSUE 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE 
VERSION 
 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DER 
INHABERSCHULDVERSCHREI-
BUNGEN 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG) 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, 
FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This 
Series of Notes (the "Notes") of 
[insert Issuer] (the "Issuer") is being 
issued in [insert Specified Currency] 
(the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In the 
case the Global Note is a NGN 
insert: (subject to § 1(6))] of [insert 
aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [insert aggregate principal 
amount 
in 
words]) 
in 
[the] 
denomination[s] of [insert Specified 
Denomination(s)] (the "Specified 
Denomination[s]"). 
 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
[Emittentin 
einfügen] 
(die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
Absatz (6))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten 
einfügen]) in [einer] Stückelung[en] 
von 
[festgelegte 
Stückelung[en] 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte[n] 
Stückelung[en]") begeben. 
In case of 
Notes not 
denomi-
nated 
in 
CAD and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer 
form and represented by one or more 
global notes (each a "Global Note").] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
nicht 
auf CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden: 
 
[(2) 
Form. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber und sind durch eine oder 
mehrere 
Globalurkunden 
verbrieft 
(jeweils eine "Globalurkunde").] 
In case of 
Notes 
denomi-
nated 
in 
CAD and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(2) Form, Title and Transfer. The 
Notes will be issued in the form of a 
bearer global note deposited with CDS 
& CO., as nominee of CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS") 
and held by CDS (the "Permanent 
Global Note"). 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
auf 
CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden: 
 
[(2) 
Form, 
Eigentum 
und 
Übertragung. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber und werden durch eine 
Globalurkunde verbrieft, die von CDS 
& CO. im Auftrag von CDS Clearing 
and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS") 
verwahrt und von CDS gehalten 
werden (die "Dauerglobalurkunde"). 
 
 
Notwithstanding 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, for so long as any of the 
Notes 
are 
represented 
by 
the 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and any other Paying 
Agent shall treat CDS & CO., or any 
other nominee appointed by CDS, as 
the sole owner or holder of such Notes 
for all purposes. Principal and interest 
 
 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen ist CDS & 
CO., oder jede andere von CDS 
benannte 
Stelle, 
solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
noch 
Schuldverschreibung verbrieft von der 
Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent und 
jeder anderen Zahlstelle für alle 
Zwecke als einziger Eigentümer und

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
payments on the Permanent Global 
Note will be made on behalf of the 
Issuer by the Fiscal Agent (through a 
Canadian dollar wire transfer via its 
Toronto cash correspondent (The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada)) to 
CDS & CO., or any other nominee 
appointed by CDS, and CDS will 
distribute the payment received to the 
applicable clearing system. 
Gläubiger dieser Schuldverschreibung 
zu behandeln. Zahlungen von Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
werden 
im 
Namen der Emittentin vom Fiscal 
Agent (mittels einer elektronischen 
Überweisung 
an 
die 
Korrespondenzbank in Toronto (The 
Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canada)) an 
CDS & CO., oder jede andere von 
CDS benannte Stelle, geleistet und 
CDS wird die erhaltenen Zahlungen an 
das 
zuständige 
Clearing 
System 
verteilen. 
 
 
Definitive Notes 
 
 
Einzelurkunden 
 
 
No beneficial owner of the Notes will 
be entitled to receive physical delivery 
of Notes in definitive form (the 
"Definitive Notes") except in the 
limited circumstances set out in the 
Permanent Global Note, including the 
circumstances described below. 
 
 
Kein wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen hat, außer in 
den von der Dauerglobalurkunde 
vorgesehenen, 
sowie 
den 
untenstehenden beschränkten Fällen, 
einen Anspruch darauf, verkörperte 
Einzelurkunden 
(die 
"Einzelurkunden") zu erhalten. 
 
 
If the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note are held by or 
on behalf of CDS and (i) CDS has 
notified the Issuer that it is unwilling 
or unable to continue to act as a 
depository for the Notes and a 
successor depository is not appointed 
by the Issuer within 90 working days 
after receiving such notice; or (ii) CDS 
ceases to be a recognised clearing 
agency under the Securities Act 
(Ontario) 
or 
a 
self-regulatory 
organisation under the Securities Act 
(Québec) or other applicable Canadian 
securities legislation and no successor 
clearing system satisfactory to the 
Issuer is available within 90 working 
days after the Issuer becoming aware 
that CDS is no longer so recognised, 
the Issuer will issue, or cause to be 
issued, Definitive Notes in exchange 
for the Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird Einzelurkunden 
verbriefen oder verbriefen lassen und 
die Dauerglobalurkunde durch sie 
ersetzen, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verkörpert 
werden, von oder für CDS gehalten 
werden und (i) CDS die Emittentin 
benachrichtigt hat, dass sie nicht 
gewillt oder nicht in der Lage ist 
weiter Hinterlegungsstelle für die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu sein und 
die Emittentin 90 Werktage nach 
Erhalt einer solchen Benachrichtigung 
keine Nachfolge-Hinterlegungsstelle 
benannt hat; oder (ii) CDS aufhört eine 
nach 
dem 
Wertpapiergesetz 
von 
Ontario (Securities Act (Ontario)) 
anerkannte Clearingstelle oder eine 
Selbstregulierungsorganisation (self-
regulatory Organisation) nach dem 
Wertpapiergesetz 
von 
Québec 
(Securities Act (Québec)) oder einer 
anderen 
kanadischen 
Wertpapiervorschrift zu sein und kein 
anderes 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellendes Clearing System 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Tagen 
nach 
Kenntniserlangung 
der 
Emittentin 
vom Verlust der oben benannten 
Eigenschaft seitens der CDS benannt 
wird. 
 
 
In the event that any Definitive Notes 
are required to be issued in exchange 
for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall determine their 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass die Ausgabe von 
Einzelurkunden im Austausch für 
Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde 
notwendig ist, soll die Emittentin ihre

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
form as well as any necessary 
technical changes required to these 
Terms and Conditions. 
Form sowie erforderliche technische 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen festlegen. 
 
 
Direct Rights 
 
 
Unmittelbare Rechte 
 
 
Direct rights can only be exercised in 
accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the procedures of 
CDS.] 
 
 
Unmittelbare Rechte können nur in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
und 
den 
Verfahren von CDS ausgeübt werden.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
issued by 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The 
Notes are represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons that will be 
treated as Notes in registered form for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed 
manually 
by 
two 
authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued.  
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft, die für Zwecke 
der 
Bundeseinkommenssteuer 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten als Namenspapier 
betrachtet 
wird. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
Partial ownership in the Permanent 
Global Note will be shown on, and 
transfer of ownership will be effected 
only through, bookings reflected in the 
records maintained by the Clearing 
System. 
Except 
in 
limited 
circumstances, the Clearing System 
will not be able to transfer a Permanent 
Global Note, other than to transfer 
such Permanent Global Note to a 
successor depository, and ownership 
interests in each Permanent Global 
Note may not be exchanged for a 
Definitive Note. The Clearing System 
must be CBF unless another Clearing 
System entered into a book-entry 
agreement or otherwise addressed the 
"immobilization" of the Notes under 
U.S. tax law. 
 
 
Bruchteilseigentumsansprüche 
an 
jeder Dauerglobalurkunde werden in 
dem Register des jeweiligen Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewiesen 
und 
die 
Übertragung von Eigentum erfolgt nur 
durch Buchung und Eintragung in das 
Register des jeweiligen Clearing 
Systems. Außer in begrenzten Fällen 
darf 
das 
Clearing 
System 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
nur 
an 
eine 
Nachfolgeverwahrstelle 
übertragen, 
und Bruchteilseigentum an einer 
Dauerglobalurkunde ist nicht in eine 
Einzelurkunde 
austauschbar. 
Das 
jeweilige Clearing System muss CBF 
sein, es sei denn ein anderes Clearing 
System hat eine Vereinbarung über ein 
Erfassungssystem 
(book-entry 
agreement) 
getroffen 
oder 
eine 
anderweitige Dematerialisierung von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem 
U.S. Steuerrecht wurde adressiert. 
 
 
Payment of interest on these Notes 
issued by VWGoAF will be made only 
after delivery of the withholding agent 
of the non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
statement described in U.S. Treas. 
Reg. § 1.871-14(c)(2) (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8).] 
 
 
Zinszahlungen erfolgen auf diese von 
der 
VWGoAF 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
nach 
Lieferung der Bestätigung über das 
Nichtbestehen U. S.-amerikanischen 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentums gemäß 
U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.871-14(c)(2) 
(grundsätzlich ein geeignetes IRS 
Formular W-8) an die für die 
Einbehaltung 
zuständige 
Stelle(withholding agent).]

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
not issued 
by 
VWGoAF 
and 
represent-
ed by a 
Perma-
nent 
Global 
Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. 
The Notes are represented by a 
permanent 
global 
note 
(the 
"Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. The Permanent Global Note 
shall be signed manually by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
nicht 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
und 
die 
durch eine 
Dauer-
globalur-
kunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und ist von 
dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen 
Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
which are 
initially 
represent-
ed by a 
Tempora-
ry Global 
Note 
insert: 
 
[(3) 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
– 
Exchange. 
(a) The 
Notes 
are 
initially 
represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in 
Specified 
Denominations 
represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall 
each be signed manually by two 
authorised signatories of the 
Issuer 
and 
shall 
each 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of 
the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Global-
urkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – 
Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in 
den festgelegten Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchanged for the Permanent 
Global Note on a date (the 
"Exchange Date") not later than 
180 days after the date of issue of 
the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. The 
Exchange Date will not be earlier 
than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes 
represented 
by 
the 
Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person (other than certain 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausgetauscht, der nicht mehr als 
180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Der 
Austauschtag darf nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung liegen. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through 
such 
financial 
institutions). 
Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only 
after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. 
A 
separate 
certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification 
received on or after the 40th day 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary 
Global Note will be treated as a 
request 
to 
exchange 
such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant 
to this § 1(3)(b). Any securities 
delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in 
§ 6(2)).] 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. S.-Personen 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten) 
sind. Zinszahlungen auf durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
erst 
nach 
Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz 
(3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die 
im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen 
nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 
Absatz (2) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominat
ed 
in 
Renminbi 
insert: 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note 
representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System. "Clearing System" means [if 
more than one Clearing System 
insert: 
each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other 
Clearing System] and any successor 
in such capacity. 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen die 
nicht auf 
Renminbi 
lauten, 
einfügen: 
 
(4) 
Clearing 
System. 
Die 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing 
System verwahrt. "Clearing System" 
bezeichnet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearing System einfügen: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] 
[,] 
[und] 
[anderes 
Clearing System angeben] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
kept 
in 
custody on 
behalf 
of 
the ICSDs 
insert: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN 
insert: The Notes are issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
im Namen 
der ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common 
safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN 
insert: The Notes are issued in classical 
global note ("CGN") form and are kept 
in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
in 
Form einer Classical Global Note 
("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means 
any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Notes [in the case of 
CAD Notes held by CDS insert:, 
subject to §1(2)]. 
 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall von 
CAD Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von 
CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen:, vorbehaltlich §1(2)]. 
In the case 
the Global 
Note is a 
NGN 
insert: 
 
[(6) Records of the ICSDs. The 
principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time 
entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's 
interest 
in 
the 
Notes) 
shall 
be 
conclusive evidence of the principal 
amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
so 
represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Falls 
die 
Global-
urkunde 
eine NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[(6) 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Nennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder 
ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres 
Anteils 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Nennbetrages 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und ein zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD 
jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit 
dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts 
des Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu 
dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an 
instalment or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment 
or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any 
such entry being made, the principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented 
by the Global Note shall be reduced by 
the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or by the aggregate amount of 
such instalment so paid.] 
 
 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder Zahlung einer 
Rückzahlungsrate 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
beim 
Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des 
Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, 
und 
dass, 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung, vom Nennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 146 ---
- 138 - 
bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten 
Raten abgezogen wird.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
the 
Temporary 
Global 
Note is a 
NGN 
insert: 
 
[On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.] 
Falls 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde eine 
NGN 
ist, 
einfügen: 
 
[Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs 
pro rata in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.] 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[in the case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: AND 
GUARANTEE] 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: UND 
GARANTIE] 
 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves and pari 
passu with all other unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, unless such 
obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, unbedingte, nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any 
Note remains outstanding, but only up 
to the time all amounts of principal and 
interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes not to provide for other 
notes 
or 
bonds, 
including 
any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof, any security upon its assets 
without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this undertaking shall not apply 
to security provided in connection 
with asset backed securities issued by 
the Issuer or a special purpose vehicle 
where the Issuer is the originator of the 
underlying assets. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
noch 
aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem alle Beträge von 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
ihr 
Vermögen 
nicht 
mit 
Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung 
von anderen Schuldverschreibungen, 
einschließlich von Garantien und 
Bürgschaften, zu belasten oder solche 
Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu 
lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
an derselben Sicherheit in gleicher 
Weise und anteilmäßig teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Um etwaige Zweifel zu 
vermeiden, diese Verpflichtung gilt 
nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die in 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
von 
der 
Emittentin begebenen asset-backed 
securities (strukturierte Wertpapiere, 
die mit Vermögenswerten besichert 
sind) gestellt werden oder für asset-
backed securities, die von einer 
Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden, 
und bei denen die Emittentin die 
ursprüngliche Inhaberin der zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte ist.

--- Page 147 ---
- 139 - 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[(3) 
Guarantee. 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Guarantor") 
has given its unconditional and 
irrevocable 
guarantee 
(the 
"Guarantee") for the due payment of 
principal of, and interest on, the Notes. 
In this Guarantee, the Guarantor has 
further 
undertaken 
(the 
"Undertaking"), so long as any of the 
Notes remains outstanding, but only 
up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
provide for any Bond Issue, including 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
thereof, any security upon its assets 
without at the same time having the 
Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this undertaking shall not apply 
to security provided in connection 
with asset backed securities issued by 
the Guarantor or a special purpose 
vehicle where the Guarantor is the 
originator of the underlying assets. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(3) 
Garantie. 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Garantin") 
hat 
eine 
unbedingte 
und 
unwiderrufliche 
Garantie 
(die 
"Garantie") 
für 
die 
pünktliche 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
übernommen. Darüber hinaus hat sich 
die Garantin in dieser Garantie 
verpflichtet 
(die 
"Verpflichtungserklärung") solange 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
noch 
aussteht (aber nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem alle Beträge von 
Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind), 
für andere Anleihen, einschließlich 
dafür übernommener Garantien und 
Gewährleistungen, keine Sicherheiten 
an ihrem Vermögen zu bestellen, ohne 
gleichzeitig und im gleichen Rang die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
an solchen Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Um etwaige Zweifel zu 
vermeiden, diese Verpflichtung gilt 
nicht in Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die in 
Zusammenhang mit von der Garantin 
begebenen 
asset-backed securities 
(strukturierte Wertpapiere, die mit 
Vermögenswerten 
besichert 
sind) 
gestellt werden oder für asset-backed 
securities, 
die 
von 
einer 
Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden, 
und bei denen die Garantin die 
ursprüngliche Inhaberin der zugrunde 
liegenden Vermögenswerte ist. 
 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions 
"Bond Issue" means an issue of debt 
securities which is, or is intended to 
be, or is being capable of being, 
quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen 
bezeichnet "Anleihe" eine Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr 
oder einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt 
werden oder notiert, eingeführt oder 
gehandelt werden sollen oder können. 
 
 
The Guarantee constitutes a contract 
for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third party beneficiaries 
in accordance with § 328(1) of the 
German Civil Code(1), giving rise to 
the right of each Holder to require 
performance of the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge directly from the 
Guarantor 
and 
to 
enforce 
the 
Guarantee and the Negative Pledge 
directly against the Guarantor. Copies 
of the Guarantee and the Negative 
Pledge may be obtained free of charge 
at the principal office of the Guarantor 
 
 
Die 
Garantie 
und 
Negativverpflichtung 
stellt 
einen 
Vertrag zu Gunsten eines jeden 
Gläubigers als begünstigtem Dritten 
gemäß § 328 Absatz (1) BGB dar, 
welcher 
das 
Recht 
eines 
jeden 
Gläubigers begründet, Erfüllung aus 
der 
Garantie 
und 
der 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar von 
der Garantin zu verlangen und die 
Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin 
durchzusetzen. Kopien der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung können 
kostenlos am Sitz der Garantin und bei 
 
(1) 
An English language translation of § 328(1) German Civil Code would read as follows: "A contract may stipulate performance for the 
benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 148 ---
- 140 - 
and at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent set forth in § 6.] 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des 
Fiscal Agent gemäß § 6 bezogen 
werden.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on 
their principal amount from (and 
including) 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to (but excluding) the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
and 
thereafter from (and including) 
each Interest Payment Date to 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
next 
following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be 
payable on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Nennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet 
 
 
[in the case of Specified Interest 
Payment Dates insert: each 
[insert 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates].] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
einfügen: 
jeden 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen].] 
 
 
[in the case of Specified Interest 
Periods insert: each date which 
(except as otherwise provided in 
these Conditions) falls [insert 
number] 
[weeks] 
[months] 
[insert other specified periods] 
after 
the 
preceding 
Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement 
Date.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden einfügen: (soweit 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
keine 
abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der Tag, der [Zahl einfügen] 
[Wochen] 
[Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
Zinszahlungstag, oder im Fall des 
ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be: 
 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Zinszahlungstag 
 
 
[if Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention 
insert: 
postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business 
Day.] 
 
 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
einfügen: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf 
den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
 
[if FRN Convention insert: 
postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-
Konvention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag

--- Page 149 ---
- 141 - 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) the 
Interest Payment Date shall be 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent 
Interest 
Payment 
Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls 
[[insert 
number] 
months] 
[insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date.] 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall (i) wird der Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag 
des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] 
Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
 
 
[if Following Business Day 
Convention insert: postponed to 
the next day which is a Business 
Day.] 
 
 
[bei Anwendung der folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
einfügen: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
 
[if Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
insert: 
the 
immediately preceding Business 
Day.] 
 
 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
 
 
(d) In this § 3 "Business Day" means 
[in the case of other relevant 
financial centres insert: a day 
which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are generally 
open for business in, and foreign 
exchange 
markets 
settle 
payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]] [in case 
TARGET2 is applicable insert: 
a day on which the Clearing 
System as well as all relevant 
parts of the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") are operational to 
effect the relevant payment]. 
 
 
(d) In 
diesem 
§ 3 
bezeichnet 
"Geschäftstag" [im Fall von 
anderen 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren, einfügen: einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken allgemein für 
Geschäfte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten 
Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
abwickeln] 
[falls 
TARGET2 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: einen 
Tag an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche 
des Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") 
betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
abzuwickeln]. 
 
 
[In case the offered quotation for 
deposits in the specified currency is 
EURIBOR, the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls 
der 
Angebotssatz 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The "Rate of 
Interest" for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be a rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der "Zinssatz" für jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich]

--- Page 150 ---
- 142 - 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to 
§ 3(4), 
determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(2) on each Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt 
vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz (4) an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3 
Absatz (2). 
 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each 
Interest Period will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
 
 
(a) Initially the "Reference Rate" for 
each Interest Period will be the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
 
(a) Anfänglich 
entspricht 
der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
 
(b) If the Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the Screen 
Page as at such time on the 
relevant Interest Determination 
Date, but no Benchmark Event 
has occurred, the "Reference 
Rate" shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Screen 
Page on the last day preceding the 
Interest Determination Date on 
which such Original Benchmark 
Rate was displayed. 
 
 
(b) Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt 
wird, 
aber 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, entspricht der "Referenzsatz" 
an 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten 
Tag vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an dem dieser Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
(c) If a Benchmark Event occurs, the 
"Reference 
Rate" 
for 
each 
Interest Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(4)(h)) will be 
determined in accordance with 
§ 3(4). 
 
 
(c) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eintritt, wird der "Referenzsatz" 
für jede Zinsperiode, die an oder 
nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 3 
Absatz (4)(h) definiert) beginnt, 
gemäß § 3 Absatz (4) bestimmt. 
 
 
Where: 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any 
day means the [insert applicable 
number 
of 
months]-month 
Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) appearing 
on the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels 
time) 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
an 
einem 
Tag 
entspricht 
dem 
[entsprechende Anzahl an Monaten 
einfügen] Monats Euro Interbank 
Offered 
Rate 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
 
 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or such 
other screen page of Reuters or such 
other information service which is the 
successor to Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01. 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
oder eine andere Bildschirmseite von 
Reuters oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
welche 
die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
ersetzt.

--- Page 151 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
["Margin" means [insert number] per 
cent. per annum.] 
 
 
[Die 
"Marge" 
beträgt 
[Zahl 
einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
"TARGET Business Day" means a 
day on which the Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) is operating. 
 
 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag, an dem das Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) betriebsbereit ist. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" the 
second TARGET Business Day prior 
to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den 
zweiten TARGET-Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
(but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the following 
Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).] 
 
 
[If 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the 
following applies: 
 
 
[Falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
Compounded Daily SONIA ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: 
 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
("Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except 
as otherwise provided below, be the 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(as 
defined below) calculated for the 
relevant Interest Period in accordance 
with the formula below on the Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
defined 
below) [if there is a Margin, the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. The 
Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz ("Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt ist, der 
Compounded Daily SONIA (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
gemäß 
der 
unten 
dargestellten Formel berechnet wird 
[im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)]. 
Die 
Feststellung 
des 
Zinssatzes 
erfolgt 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means in each case 
the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from 
(and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. 
ab 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
means the date [5] [number] London 
Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [5] 
[number] London Business Days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption, if 
any). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den 
[5] [Zahl]. Londoner Geschäftstag vor 
dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag (oder 
den [5] [Zahl]. Londoner Geschäftstag 
vor einem etwaig für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag).

--- Page 152 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
"London Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks in London 
are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency). 
 
 
"Londoner Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
London für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- 
und 
Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind; 
 
 
["Margin" means [●] per cent per 
annum.] 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per 
annum.] 
 
 
"Screen 
Page" 
means 
[relevant 
screen page] or the relevant successor 
page displayed by that service or any 
other service as may be nominated as 
the 
information 
vendor 
for 
the 
purposes of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant offered 
reference rate. 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
[Relevante Bildschirmseite] oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom 
selben System angezeigt wird oder 
aber von einem anderen System, das 
zum Vertreiber von Informationen 
zum Zwecke der Anzeige von Sätzen 
oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
 
 
"SONIA" 
means 
the 
Sterling 
Overnight Index Average. 
 
 
"SONIA" bedeutet Sterling Overnight 
Index Average. 
 
 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in 
respect of any London Business Day, 
a reference rate equal to the SONIA 
rate for such London Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorized distributors and 
as published on the Screen Page or, if 
the Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by authorized 
distributors (on the London Business 
Day immediately following such 
London Business Day). 
 
 
"SONIA Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, 
bezüglich 
eines 
Londoner 
Geschäftstags, 
einen 
Referenzsatz 
gleich dem SONIA Satz für diesen 
Londoner Geschäftstag, wie er vom 
Administrator 
von 
SONIA 
an 
autorisierte Stellen übermittelt und auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht 
wurde oder, sofern die Bildschirmseite 
nicht verfügbar ist, wie er anderweitig 
durch autorisierte Stellen (am auf 
diesen 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
folgenden Londoner Geschäftstag) 
veröffentlicht wurde.  
 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" will 
be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (as the 
rate of return of a daily compound 
interest 
investment, 
it 
being 
understood that the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest is the 
SONIA Reference Rate), and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%) with 0.00005% being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag wie folgt (als 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage, 
wobei der SONIA Referenzsatz als 
Referenzzinssatz für diese Anlage gilt) 
berechnet, 
wobei 
der 
daraus 
resultierende 
Prozentsatz, 
sofern 
notwendig, auf den nächsten zehn 
Tausendstel Prozentpunkt (0,0001%) 
gerundet, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet 
wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
 
 
"d0" means the number of London 
Business 
Days 
in 
the 
relevant 
Observation Period. 
 
 
"d0" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum.

--- Page 153 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
"Observation Period" means, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date 
which 
is 
[5][number] 
London 
Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
"Beobachtungszeitraum" bezeichnet 
bezüglich der jeweiligen Zinsperiode, 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher [5][Zahl] 
Londoner Geschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zum Zinsfestlegungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in 
chronological 
order 
from 
(and 
including) the first London Business 
Day in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
 
 
"i" bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis d0, die in 
chronologischer Folge die jeweiligen 
Londoner Geschäftstage vom ersten 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum wiedergeben. 
 
 
"SONIAi" means, for any day "i" in 
the relevant Observation Period, a 
reference rate equal to the SONIA 
Reference Rate on that day. 
 
 
"SONIAi" bezeichnet für jeden Tag "i" 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
einen 
Referenzsatz, 
der 
dem 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz 
an 
diesem 
Tag 
entspricht. 
 
 
"ni" means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period on which the rate is SONIAi. 
 
 
"ni" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum, an denen der 
Satz SONIAi ist. 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
 
If the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
published on a London Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of 
such London Business Day as being a 
rate equal to the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of the last London 
Business Day for which such rate was 
published 
by 
the 
authorized 
distributors of the SONIA Reference 
Rate. 
 
 
Sofern der SONIA Referenzsatz an 
einem Londoner Geschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
nicht veröffentlicht wird, bestimmt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz 
für 
einen 
solchen 
Londoner Geschäftstag als den Satz, 
der dem SONIA Referenzsatz an dem 
letzten 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
entspricht, 
für 
den 
ein 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz durch die autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
 
If, on any London Business Day 
following such London Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that 
the SONIA Reference Rate is still not 
available or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorized 
distributors, the Calculation Agent 
will determine such SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of each such London 
Business Day as being the rate 
(inclusive 
of 
any 
spreads 
or 
adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for the SONIA Reference 
Rate by (i) the administrator of SONIA 
(if the administrator of SONIA is the 
Bank of England or a successor 
national central bank), or otherwise (ii) 
a committee or other body officially 
 
 
Sofern die Berechnungsstelle an einem 
Londoner Geschäftstag, der auf einen 
solchen Londoner Geschäftstag folgt, 
feststellt, 
dass 
der 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz 
weiterhin 
nicht 
verfügbar 
ist 
oder 
von 
den 
betreffenden 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
nicht 
anderweitig 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, wird die Berechnungsstelle den 
SONIA Referenzsatz in Bezug auf 
jeden dieser Londoner Geschäftstage 
als den Satz (einschließlich aller 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Anpassungen) 
bestimmen, der als Ersatz für den 
SONIA Referenzsatz empfohlen wird 
(i) von dem Administrator des SONIA 
(falls der Administrator des SONIA 
die Bank of England oder eine

--- Page 154 ---
- 146 - 
endorsed or convened by one or both 
of the Financial Conduct Authority 
and 
the 
Prudential 
Regulation 
Authority 
(including, 
for 
the 
avoidance of doubt, the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority themselves) (or, 
in each case, any successor thereto) 
(which rate may be produced by the 
Bank 
of 
England 
or 
another 
administrator) and as provided or 
published by the administrator of that 
rate or, if that rate is not provided or 
published by the administrator thereof 
(or a successor administrator), as 
provided or published by an authorised 
distributor (the "GBP Recommended 
Rate"). 
nachfolgende nationale Zentralbank 
ist), oder andernfalls (ii) von einem 
Ausschuss 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
Gremium, der bzw. das von der 
Financial Conduct Authority und die 
Prudential Regulation Authority (oder 
einem der jeweiligen Nachfolger) oder 
von 
beiden 
gemeinsam 
offiziell 
gebilligt oder einberufen wird; dabei 
können 
die 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
und 
die 
Prudential 
Regulation 
Authority 
(oder 
ihre 
jeweiligen Nachfolger) als dieses 
Gremium oder dieser Ausschuss 
gebilligt oder einberufen werden. Im 
Falle von (ii) muss dieser Satz von der 
Bank of England oder einem anderen 
Administrator 
ermittelt 
werden 
können und von dem Administrator 
dieses 
Satzes 
bereitgestellt 
oder 
veröffentlicht 
werden. 
Falls 
der 
zuständige 
Administrator 
oder 
Nachfolgeadministrator diesen Satz 
nicht bereitstellt oder veröffentlicht, 
gilt dieser Satz wie er von einer 
autorisierten Stelle bereitgestellt oder 
veröffentlicht 
wird 
(der 
"GBP-
Empfehlungssatz").  
 
 
If, in respect of any London Business 
Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
that 
no 
GBP 
Recommended Rate exists or is 
published, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Business Day 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
the 
GBP 
Recommended Rate would otherwise 
have applied as being: (i) the Bank of 
England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on such London Business Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous [5] [number] 
London Business Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, 
excluding 
the 
highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate. 
 
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug 
auf einen Londoner Geschäftstag in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
feststellen, 
dass 
kein 
GBP-Empfehlungssatz 
existiert oder veröffentlicht wird, 
bestimmt die Berechnungsstelle den 
SONIA-Referenzsatz 
für 
jeden 
Londoner Geschäftstag, für die der 
GBP-Empfehlungssatz 
andernfalls 
angewendet worden wäre, als: (i) den 
Zinssatz der Bank of England (der 
"Einlagenzinssatz"), 
der 
bei 
Geschäftsschluss am maßgeblichen 
Londoner Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) 
den Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von 
SONIA zum Einlagenzinssatz der 
letzten 
[5] 
[Zahl] 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage, an denen SONIA 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme 
der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn 
es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne 
gibt, 
nur 
eine 
dieser 
höchsten 
Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten 
Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als 
eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur 
eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) 
zum Einlagenzinssatz.  
 
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht 
gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden 
kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige

--- Page 155 ---
- 147 - 
last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such 
Instruments for the first Interest Period 
had the Instruments been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
des 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstages sein oder, (ii) 
wenn 
es 
keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, der anfängliche Zinssatz sein, der 
für solche Schuldverschreibungen für 
die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, 
wären 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
bis 
zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) 
begeben worden. 
 
 
The determination of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions shall be made by 
the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
Die Feststellung des Zinssatzes gemäß 
den vorstehenden Absätzen erfolgt 
durch die Berechnungsstelle.] 
 
 
[If the Reference Rate is SONIA 
Compounded Index, the following 
applies: 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz SONIA 
Compounded Index ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
("Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except 
as otherwise provided below, be the 
Compounded SONIA (as defined 
below) calculated for the relevant 
Interest Period in accordance with the 
formula 
below 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(as 
defined 
below) [if there is a Margin, the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. The 
Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz ("Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt ist, der 
Compounded 
SONIA 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
gemäß 
der 
unten 
dargestellten Formel berechnet wird 
[im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)]. 
Die 
Feststellung 
des 
Zinssatzes 
erfolgt 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means in each case 
the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from 
(and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. 
ab 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
means the date [5] [number] London 
Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [5] 
[number] London Business Days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption, if 
any). 
 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den 
[5] [Zahl]. Londoner Geschäftstag vor 
dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag (oder 
den [5] [Zahl]. Londoner Geschäftstag 
vor einem etwaig für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag). 
 
 
"London Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks in London 
are open for business (including 
 
 
"Londoner Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
London für Geschäfte (einschließlich

--- Page 156 ---
- 148 - 
dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency). 
Devisen- 
und 
Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind. 
 
 
["Margin" means [●] per cent per 
annum.] 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per 
annum.] 
 
 
"Screen 
Page" 
means 
[relevant 
screen page] or the relevant successor 
page displayed by that service or any 
other service as may be nominated as 
the 
information 
vendor 
for 
the 
purposes of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant offered 
reference rate. 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
[Relevante Bildschirmseite] oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom 
selben System angezeigt wird oder 
aber von einem anderen System, das 
zum Vertreiber von Informationen 
zum Zwecke der Anzeige von Sätzen 
oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
 
 
"SONIA" 
means 
the 
Sterling 
Overnight Index Average. 
 
 
"SONIA" bedeutet Sterling Overnight 
Index Average. 
 
 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in 
respect of any London Business Day, 
a reference rate equal to the SONIA 
rate for such London Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorized distributors and 
as published on the Screen Page or, if 
the Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by authorized 
distributors (on the London Business 
Day immediately following such 
London Business Day). 
 
 
"SONIA Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, 
bezüglich 
eines 
Londoner 
Geschäftstags, 
einen 
Referenzsatz 
gleich dem SONIA Satz für diesen 
Londoner Geschäftstag, wie er vom 
Administrator 
von 
SONIA 
an 
autorisierte Stellen übermittelt und auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht 
wurde oder, sofern die Bildschirmseite 
nicht verfügbar ist, wie er anderweitig 
durch autorisierte Stellen (am auf 
diesen 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
folgenden Londoner Geschäftstag) 
veröffentlicht wurde.  
 
 
"Compounded SONIA" will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point (0.0001%) with 
0.00005% being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 365
𝑑 
 
 
"Compounded SONIA" wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
wie 
folgt 
berechnet, 
wobei 
der 
daraus 
resultierende 
Prozentsatz, 
sofern 
notwendig, auf den nächsten zehn 
Tausendstel Prozentpunkt (0,0001%) 
gerundet, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet 
wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) x 365
𝑑 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd. 
 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
ab 
dem 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" 
means the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value on the day which is [5] 
[number] London Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period 
(or if the Instruments are redeemed 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" 
bezeichnet den SONIA Compounded 
Index Value an dem Tag, der [5] 
[Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag in Bezug auf die 
betreffende Zinsperiode liegt (oder im 
Falle einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung

--- Page 157 ---
- 149 - 
early, the date falling [5] [number] 
London Business Days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption) (an "Index 
Determination Date"). 
der Schuldverschreibungen an dem 
Tag, 
der 
[5] 
[Zahl] 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage vor einem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag liegt) 
(ein "Indexfeststellungstag"). 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" 
means the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value on the day which is [5] 
[number] London Business Days 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest 
Period 
(an 
"Index 
Determination Date"). 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" 
bezeichnet den SONIA Compounded 
Index Value an dem Tag, der [5] 
[Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
liegt 
(ein 
"Indexfeststellungstag"). 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded Index Value" 
means, in respect of an Index 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
value 
published or displayed as "SONIA 
Compounded Index Value" by the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate or by another information vendor 
from time to time at 12.30 p.m. 
(London 
time) 
on 
such 
Index 
Determination Date. 
 
 
"SONIA Compounded Index Value" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Indexfeststellungstag den Wert, der als 
"SONIA Compounded Index Value" 
vom 
Administrator 
des 
SONIA 
Referenzsatzes 
oder 
von 
einem 
Vertreiber von Informationen 
an 
diesem 
Indexfeststellungstag 
um 
12:30 Uhr 
(Londoner 
Ortszeit) 
veröffentlicht oder angezeigt wird. 
 
 
If, 
in 
respect 
of 
any 
Index 
Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value is not 
available or has not otherwise been 
published 
or 
displayed 
by 
the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate or by another information vendor, 
as the case may be, "Compounded 
SONIA" for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date on the basis of GBP-SONIA-
COMPOUND.  
 
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Indexfeststellungstag 
feststellen, 
dass 
der 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Value 
nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht anderweitig 
vom 
Administrator 
des 
SONIA 
Referenzsatzes oder einem anderen 
Vertreiber 
von 
Informationen 
veröffentlicht oder angezeigt wird, 
wird der "Compounded SONIA" für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle am betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag auf der Grundlage 
des 
GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND 
berechnet. 
 
 
"GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND" will 
be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (as the 
rate of return of a daily compound 
interest 
investment, 
it 
being 
understood that the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest is the 
SONIA Reference Rate), and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.0001%) with 0.00005% being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
 
 
"GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND" wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag wie folgt (als 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage, 
wobei der SONIA Referenzsatz als 
Referenzzinssatz für diese Anlage 
gilt) berechnet, wobei der daraus 
resultierende 
Prozentsatz, 
sofern 
notwendig, auf den nächsten zehn 
Tausendstel Prozentpunkt (0,0001%) 
gerundet, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet 
wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑

--- Page 158 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
"d0" means the number of London 
Business 
Days 
in 
the 
relevant 
Observation Period. 
 
 
"d0" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
 
"Observation Period" means the 
period from (and including) the Index 
Determination 
Date 
for 
SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart for the relevant 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the 
Index Determination Date for SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
 
"Beobachtungszeitraum" bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Indexfeststellungstag 
für 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexStart 
(einschließlich) für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
bis 
zum 
Indexfeststellungstag 
für 
SONIA 
Compounded 
IndexEnd 
(ausschließlich) für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode. 
 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers 
from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in 
chronological 
order 
from 
(and 
including) the first London Business 
Day in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
 
 
"i" bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis d0, die in 
chronologischer Folge die jeweiligen 
Londoner Geschäftstage vom ersten 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) in dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum wiedergeben. 
 
 
"SONIAi" means, for any day "i" in 
the relevant Observation Period, a 
reference rate equal to the daily 
SONIA Reference Rate. 
 
 
"SONIAi" bezeichnet für jeden Tag "i" 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
einen 
Referenzsatz, 
der 
dem 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz entspricht. 
 
 
"ni" means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period on which the rate is SONIAi. 
 
 
"ni" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum, an denen der 
Satz SONIAi ist. 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
 
 
"d" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum. 
 
 
If the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
published on a London Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of 
such London Business Day as being a 
rate equal to the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of the last London 
Business Day for which such rate was 
published 
by 
the 
authorized 
distributors of the SONIA Reference 
Rate. 
 
 
Sofern der SONIA Referenzsatz an 
einem Londoner Geschäftstag in dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
nicht veröffentlicht wird, bestimmt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz 
für 
einen 
solchen 
Londoner Geschäftstag als den Satz, 
der dem SONIA Referenzsatz an dem 
letzten 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
entspricht, 
für 
den 
ein 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz durch die autorisierten 
Stellen veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
 
If, on any London Business Day 
following such London Business Day, 
the Calculation Agent determines that 
the SONIA Reference Rate is still not 
available or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorized 
distributors, the Calculation Agent 
will determine such SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of each such London 
Business Day as being the rate 
(inclusive 
of 
any 
spreads 
or 
adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for the SONIA Reference 
 
 
Sofern die Berechnungsstelle an einem 
Londoner Geschäftstag, der auf einen 
solchen Londoner Geschäftstag folgt, 
feststellt, 
dass 
der 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz 
weiterhin 
nicht 
verfügbar 
ist 
oder 
von 
den 
betreffenden 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
nicht 
anderweitig 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, wird die Berechnungsstelle den 
SONIA Referenzsatz in Bezug auf 
jeden dieser Londoner Geschäftstage 
als den Satz (einschließlich aller 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Anpassungen)

--- Page 159 ---
- 151 - 
Rate by (i) the administrator of SONIA 
(if the administrator of SONIA is the 
Bank of England or a successor 
national central bank), or otherwise (ii) 
a committee or other body officially 
endorsed or convened by one or both 
of the Financial Conduct Authority 
and 
the 
Prudential 
Regulation 
Authority 
(including, 
for 
the 
avoidance of doubt, the Financial 
Conduct Authority and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority themselves) (or, 
in each case, any successor thereto) 
(which rate may be produced by the 
Bank 
of 
England 
or 
another 
administrator) and as provided or 
published by the administrator of that 
rate or, if that rate is not provided or 
published by the administrator thereof 
(or a successor administrator), as 
provided or published by an authorised 
distributor (the "GBP Recommended 
Rate"). 
bestimmen, der als Ersatz für den 
SONIA Referenzsatz empfohlen wird 
(i) von dem Administrator des SONIA 
(falls der Administrator des SONIA 
die Bank of England oder eine 
nachfolgende nationale Zentralbank 
ist), oder andernfalls (ii) von einem 
Ausschuss 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
Gremium, der bzw. das von der 
Financial Conduct Authority und die 
Prudential Regulation Authority (oder 
einem der jeweiligen Nachfolger) oder 
von 
beiden 
gemeinsam 
offiziell 
gebilligt oder einberufen wird; dabei 
können 
die 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
und 
die 
Prudential 
Regulation 
Authority 
(oder 
ihre 
jeweiligen Nachfolger) als dieses 
Gremium oder dieser Ausschuss 
gebilligt oder einberufen werden. Im 
Falle von (ii) muss dieser Satz von der 
Bank of England oder einem anderen 
Administrator 
ermittelt 
werden 
können und von dem Administrator 
dieses 
Satzes 
bereitgestellt 
oder 
veröffentlicht 
werden. 
Falls 
der 
zuständige 
Administrator 
oder 
Nachfolgeadministrator diesen Satz 
nicht bereitstellt oder veröffentlicht, 
gilt dieser Satz wie er von einer 
autorisierten Stelle bereitgestellt oder 
veröffentlicht 
wird 
(der 
"GBP-
Empfehlungssatz").  
 
 
If, in respect of any London Business 
Day in the relevant Observation 
Period, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
determines 
that 
no 
GBP 
Recommended Rate exists or is 
published, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Business Day 
in 
respect 
of 
which 
the 
GBP 
Recommended Rate would otherwise 
have applied as being: (i) the Bank of 
England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on such London Business Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous [5] [number] 
London Business Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, 
excluding 
the 
highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to 
the Bank Rate. 
 
 
Sollte die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug 
auf einen Londoner Geschäftstag in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
feststellen, 
dass 
kein 
GBP-Empfehlungssatz 
existiert oder veröffentlicht wird, 
bestimmt die Berechnungsstelle den 
SONIA-Referenzsatz 
für 
jeden 
Londoner Geschäftstag, für die der 
GBP-Empfehlungssatz 
andernfalls 
angewendet worden wäre, als: (i) den 
Zinssatz der Bank of England (der 
"Einlagenzinssatz"), 
der 
bei 
Geschäftsschluss am maßgeblichen 
Londoner Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) 
den Mittelwert der Zinsspannen von 
SONIA zum Einlagenzinssatz der 
letzten 
[5] 
[Zahl] 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage, an denen SONIA 
veröffentlicht wurde, mit Ausnahme 
der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, wenn 
es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne 
gibt, 
nur 
eine 
dieser 
höchsten 
Zinsspannen) und der niedrigsten 
Zinsspanne (oder, wenn es mehr als 
eine niedrigste Zinsspanne gibt, nur 
eine dieser niedrigsten Zinsspannen) 
zum Einlagenzinssatz.

--- Page 160 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
In the event that the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such 
Instruments for the first Interest Period 
had the Instruments been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht 
gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden 
kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige 
des 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstages sein oder, (ii) 
wenn 
es 
keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, der anfängliche Zinssatz sein, der 
für solche Schuldverschreibungen für 
die erste Zinsperiode anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, 
wären 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
bis 
zum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) 
begeben worden. 
 
 
The determination of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions shall be made by 
the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
Die Feststellung des Zinssatzes gemäß 
den vorstehenden Absätzen erfolgt 
durch die Berechnungsstelle.] 
 
 
[In case the Reference Rate is 
Compounded SOFR, the following 
applies: 
 
 
[Falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
Compounded 
SOFR 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar 
 
 
(2) 
(a) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
(the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, subject as provided below, be 
the 
Compounded 
SOFR 
(as 
defined below) calculated for the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
in 
accordance with the formula and 
other provisions set out below on 
the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below) [plus or minus the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
on 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
(2) 
(a) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz ("Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt ist, der Compounded 
SOFR (wie nachstehend definiert) 
berechnet 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode gemäß der Formel und 
anderen 
nachstehenden 
Bedingungen 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[zuzüglich 
oder abzüglich der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)]. 
Die 
Feststellung des Zinssatzes erfolgt 
durch die Berechnungsstelle an 
jedem Zinsfestlegungstag. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each 
period 
from 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date (including) 
to the first Interest Payment Date 
(excluding) and from each Interest 
Payment Date (including) to the 
following Interest Payment Date 
(excluding). 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" 
means, in respect of any Interet 
Period, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or 
the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf jede Zinsperiode den 
Tag, der "p" US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der 
"p" 
US 
Staatsanleihen

--- Page 161 ---
- 153 - 
Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due 
and payable). 
Geschäftstage vor einem früheren 
Tag 
liegt, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar sind). 
 
 
"U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
 
 
"US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden 
Tag, 
ausgenommen 
Samstag, 
Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den 
die 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägige 
Schließung 
der 
Abteilungen für festverzinsliche 
Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder zum 
Zweck des Handels mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
 
 
["Margin" means [●] per cent per 
annum.] 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per 
annum.] 
 
 
"Compounded 
SOFR" 
with 
respect to any Interest Period, 
means the rate of return of a daily 
compound 
interest 
investment 
computed in accordance with the 
following 
formula 
(and 
the 
resulting 
percentage 
will 
be 
rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being 
rounded 
upwards 
to 
0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
 
"Compounded SOFR" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine beliebige 
Zinsperiode den Renditesatz einer 
Tagesgeldanlage, der nach der 
folgenden Formel berechnet wird 
(wobei der daraus resultierende 
Prozentsatz, sofern notwendig, auf 
das 
nächste 
hunderttausendstel 
eines 
Prozentpunktes 
gerundet 
wird, 
wobei 
0,000005% 
auf 
0,00001% aufzurunden ist): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar 
days in [in case the Observation 
Method is "Lag", insert: the 
relevant Interest Period] [in case 
the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
"Observation Shift", insert: the 
relevant Observation Period]. 
 
 
"d" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage 
in 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode "Lag" ist, 
einfügen: 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode] 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
"Observation Shift" ist, einfügen: 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
 
 
"do" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days in [in case the Observation 
Method is "Lag", insert: the 
relevant Interest Period] [in case 
the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
"Observation Shift", insert: the 
relevant Observation Period]. 
 
 
"do" bezeichnet die Anzahl der US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage in  
[falls die Beobachtungsmethode 
"Lag" 
ist, 
einfügen: 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
"Observation Shift" ist, einfügen: 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum]. 
 
 
"i" means a series of whole 
numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
 
 
"i" bezeichnet eine Reihe von 
ganzen Zahlen von eins bis do, die 
in chronologischer Reihenfolge 
jeweils einen US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag von dem ersten US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(einschließlich) bezeichnen [falls

--- Page 162 ---
- 154 - 
Day in [in case the Observation 
Method is "Lag", insert: the 
relevant Interest Period] [in case 
the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
"Observation Shift", insert: the 
relevant Observation Period]; to 
and 
including 
the 
last 
US 
Government Securities Business 
Day in such period. 
die Beobachtungsmethode "Lag" 
ist, 
einfügen: 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode] 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
"Observation Shift" ist, einfügen: 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum]; bis zu 
dem 
letzten 
US 
Anleihen 
Geschäftstag (einschließlich) in 
diesem Zeitraum. 
 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period 
or 
Observation Period (as applicable), 
is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
 
 
"ni" ist für jeden US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i" in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode oder dem jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
(soweit 
anwendbar) 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
von 
dem 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
folgenden 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich) 
("i+1"). 
 
 
"Observation Period" in respect 
of an Interest Period means the 
period from (and including) the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days 
preceding the first day in such 
Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on and 
include 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable). 
 
 
"Beobachtungszeitraum" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode den Zeitraum ab dem 
Tag 
an, 
welcher 
"p" 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
den ersten Tag einer solchen 
Zinsperiode fällt (einschließlich) 
(und die erste Zinsperiode soll am 
und 
einschließlich 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfangen) bis 
zu 
dem 
Tag, 
der 
"p" 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) der Zinsperiode 
liegt (oder dem Tag der "p" US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt, 
falls vorhanden, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden). 
 
 
"p" 
means 
[insert 
relevant 
definitions; a number of days 
which is regularly set as two and 
which may not be less without the 
consent of the Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
"p" 
bezeichnet 
[relevante 
Festlegung einfügen; eine Anzahl 
von Tagen, die regelmäßig zwei 
beträgt, und ohne Zustimmung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
nicht 
kleiner als zwei sein darf]. 
 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day, means: (i) the Secured 
Overnight 
Financing 
Rate 
published 
for 
such 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately 
following 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day (the "SOFR Determination 
 
 
"SOFR" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag: (i) die für einen US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
veröffentlichte Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate, wie der Zinssatz 
auf 
der 
Website 
des 
SOFR 
Administrators um 15:00 Uhr 
(New Yorker Zeit) am unmittelbar 
folgenden 
US 
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag angezeigt wird (die 
"SOFR Feststellungszeit"); oder

--- Page 163 ---
- 155 - 
Time"); 
or 
(ii) 
Subject 
to 
§ (3)(2)(b) below, if the rate 
specified in (i) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day 
for 
which 
the 
Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was 
published 
on 
the 
SOFR 
Administrator's Website. 
(ii) 
vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden §3(2)(b), wenn der 
in (i) festgelegte Zinssatz nicht 
angezeigt 
wird, 
die 
Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate wie sie 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
ersten 
vorhergehenden US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag auf der Website des 
SOFR 
Administrators 
veröffentlicht wurde. 
 
 
"SOFR Administrator" means 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator 
of 
the 
Secured 
Overnight 
Financing Rate). 
 
 
"SOFR 
Administrator" 
bezeichnet die Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (oder ein 
Nachfolge-Administrator von der 
Secured 
Overnight 
Financing 
Rate). 
 
 
"SOFR 
Administrator's 
Website" means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source. 
 
 
"Website 
des 
SOFR 
Administrators" bezeichnet die 
Website der Federal Reserve Bank 
of 
New 
York 
oder 
eine 
Nachfolgequelle. 
 
 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for [in 
case the Observation Method is 
"Lag", 
insert: 
the 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to 
the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"] [in 
case the Observation Method is 
"Observation Shift", insert: the 
relevant 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day "i"]. 
 
 
"SOFRi" meint SOFR für [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode "Lag" ist, 
einfügen: den US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
der 
"p" 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem relevanten US Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i" fällt] [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
"Observation Shift" ist, einfügen: 
den 
entsprechenden 
US 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"]. 
 
 
(b) If the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that 
a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its 
related 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
the 
Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to 
time, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Notes. 
 
 
(b) Wenn die Emittentin am oder vor 
dem 
entsprechenden 
Referenzzeitpunkt feststellt, dass 
ein Benchmark-Änderungsereignis 
und 
der 
damit 
verbundene 
Benchmark-Ersetzungstag 
in 
Bezug auf die dann aktuelle 
Benchmark eingetreten sind, wird 
die Ersatz-Benchmark die dann 
aktuelle 
Benchmark 
für 
alle 
Zwecke 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf alle 
Festlegungen an diesem Tag und 
für alle Festlegungen an allen 
folgenden Tagen ersetzen. Im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Durchführung 
eines 
Ersatz-
Benchmarks ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, von Zeit zu Zeit Ersatz-
Benchmark konforme Änderungen 
vorzunehmen, 
ohne 
dass 
die 
Zustimmung oder Genehmigung 
der 
Gläubiger 
der

--- Page 164 ---
- 156 - 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlich ist. 
 
 
Any determination, decision or 
election that may be made by the 
Issuer pursuant to this section, 
including any determination with 
respect 
to a 
tenor, 
rate 
or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence 
of 
an 
event, 
circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: 
(i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be 
made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders 
of the Notes or any other party. 
 
 
Jede Feststellung, Entscheidung 
oder Wahl, die von der Emittentin 
gemäß diesem Abschnitt getroffen 
werden kann, einschließlich jeder 
Feststellung in Bezug auf eine 
Laufzeit, einen Zinssatz oder eine 
Anpassung oder den Eintritt oder 
Nichteintritt 
eines 
Ereignisses, 
eines Umstands oder eines Datums 
und jeder Entscheidung, eine 
Maßnahme zu ergreifen oder zu 
unterlassen, oder einer Auswahl: 
(i) ist schlüssig und verbindlich, 
sofern kein offensichtlicher Fehler 
vorliegt; (ii) liegt im alleinigen 
Ermessen der Emittentin; und (iii) 
wird ungeachtet anderslautender 
Bestimmungen 
in 
der 
Dokumentation 
zu 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder einer 
anderen Partei wirksam. 
 
 
"Benchmark" means, initially, 
Compounded SOFR, provided that 
if the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and 
its 
related 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred 
with 
respect 
to 
Compounded 
SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) 
or 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall 
mean 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
 
 
"Benchmark" bedeutet zunächst 
Compounded 
SOFR; 
vorausgesetzt, dass, wenn die 
Emittentin am oder vor dem 
Referenzzeitpunkt feststellt, dass 
ein Benchmark-Änderungsereignis 
und 
der 
damit 
verbundene 
Benchmark-Ersetzungstag 
in 
Bezug auf Compounded SOFR 
(oder den veröffentlichten daily 
SOFR, der zu dessen Berechnung 
verwendet wird) oder die dann 
aktuelle Benchmark eingetreten 
sind, dass "Benchmark" dann die 
entsprechende Ersatz-Benchmark 
bedeutet. 
 
 
"Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: (i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of 
interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark 
and 
(B) 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment; or (ii) the sum of: (A) 
the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark 
giving 
due 
consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a 
 
 
"Ersatz-Benchmark" bedeutet die 
erste 
Alternative 
in 
der 
nachstehenden Reihenfolge, die 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
ab 
dem 
Benchmark-Ersetzungstag 
bestimmt werden kann: (i) die 
Summe aus: (A) dem alternativen 
Zinssatz, 
der 
von 
der 
maßgeblichen staatlichen Stelle als 
Ersatz für die dann geltende 
Benchmark 
ausgewählt 
oder 
empfohlen wurde, und (B) der 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
Anpassung; 
oder (ii) der Summe aus: (A) dem 
alternativen Zinssatz, der von der 
Emittentin als Ersatz für die zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
geltende 
Benchmark ausgewählt wurde, 
wobei 
alle 
branchenüblichen

--- Page 165 ---
- 157 - 
replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Zinssätze als Ersatz für die zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
geltende 
Benchmark für auf US-Dollar 
lautende 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen gebührend 
berücksichtigt werden, und (B) der 
Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung. 
 
 
"Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment" means the first 
alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by 
the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: (i) 
the spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be 
a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
for 
the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; or (ii) the spread 
adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer 
giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted 
spread 
adjustment, 
or 
method 
for 
calculating or determining such 
spread 
adjustment, 
for 
the 
replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at 
such time. 
 
 
"Ersatz-Benchmark Anpassung" 
bedeutet die erste Alternative in 
der nachstehenden Reihenfolge, 
die vom Emittenten oder seinem 
Beauftragten 
zum 
Benchmark- 
Ersetzungstag bestimmt werden 
kann: (i) die Spread-Anpassung 
oder die Methode zur Berechnung 
oder Bestimmung einer solchen 
Spread-Anpassung 
(die 
ein 
positiver oder negativer Wert oder 
Null sein kann), die von der 
maßgeblichen staatlichen Stelle für 
die 
anwendbare 
Unangepasste 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
ausgewählt 
oder empfohlen wurde; oder (ii) 
die Spread-Anpassung (die ein 
positiver oder negativer Wert oder 
Null sein kann), die von der 
Emittentin 
unter 
gebührender 
Berücksichtigung 
einer 
branchenüblichen 
Spread-
Anpassung oder einer Methode zur 
Berechnung 
oder 
Bestimmung 
einer solchen Spread-Anpassung 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
der 
dann 
aktuellen Benchmark durch die 
anwendbare Unangepasste Ersatz-
Benchmark für auf US Dollar 
denominierten 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt ausgewählt wurde. 
 
 
"Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes" means, 
with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, 
any 
technical, 
administrative 
or 
operational 
changes (including changes to the 
timing 
and 
frequency 
of 
determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the 
Issuer decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if 
the Issuer determines that no 
market practice for use of the 
 
 
"Ersatz-Benchmark 
konforme 
Änderungen" bedeutet in Bezug 
auf jede Ersatz-Benchmark alle 
technischen, administrativen oder 
operationellen 
Änderungen 
(einschließlich Änderungen des 
Zeitpunkts und der Häufigkeit der 
Bestimmung von Zinssätzen und 
Zinszahlungen, Rundungen von 
Beträgen oder Laufzeiten und 
andere 
administrative 
Angelegenheiten), 
die 
die 
Emittentin für angemessen hält, 
um die Annahme einer solchen 
Ersatz-Benchmark in einer Weise 
widerzuspiegeln, 
die 
im 
Wesentlichen 
der 
Marktpraxis 
entspricht 
(oder, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin entscheidet, dass die 
Übernahme 
eines 
Teils 
der 
Marktpraxis verwaltungstechnisch

--- Page 166 ---
- 158 - 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer 
determines 
is 
reasonably 
necessary). 
nicht machbar ist, oder falls die 
Emittentin feststellt, dass es keine 
Marktpraxis für die Verwendung 
der Ersatz-Benchmark gibt, auf 
eine andere Art und Weise, die die 
Emittentin 
als 
angemessen 
erachtet). 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" 
means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark 
(including the daily published 
component used in the calculation 
thereof): (i) in the case of clause (i) 
or (ii) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event," the 
later of (a) the date of the public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information referenced therein and 
(b) the date 
on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or (ii) in the case of 
clause (iii) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or 
publication 
of 
information 
referenced therein. 
 
 
"Benchmark-Ersetzungstag" 
bedeutet 
das 
früheste 
der 
folgenden Ereignisse in Bezug auf 
die dann geltende Benchmark 
(einschließlich 
der 
täglich 
veröffentlichten Komponente, die 
zu ihrer Berechnung verwendet 
wird): (i) im Fall von Klausel (i) 
oder (ii) der Definition von 
"Benchmark-Änderungsereignis" 
der spätere der beiden folgenden 
Zeitpunkte: (a) das Datum der 
öffentlichen Erklärung oder der 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
darin 
genannten Informationen und (b) 
das 
Datum, 
an 
dem 
der 
Administrator der Benchmark die 
Bereitstellung 
der 
Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente) 
endgültig oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit einstellt; oder (ii) im Fall von 
Klausel (iii) der Definition von 
"Benchmark-Änderungsereignis" 
das 
Datum 
der 
öffentlichen 
Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
darin 
genannten Informationen. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the 
event that gives rise to the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Date 
occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
 
 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Tritt 
das 
Ereignis, das den Benchmark-
Ersetzungstag auslöst, am selben 
Tag wie der Referenzzeitpunkt für 
eine Bestimmung, aber früher als 
dieser ein, so gilt der Benchmark-
Ersetzungstag 
als 
vor 
dem 
Referenzzeitpunkt 
für 
diese 
Bestimmung eingetreten. 
 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" 
means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with 
respect 
to 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
 
 
"Benchmark-
Änderungsereignis" bedeutet das 
Eintreten eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse in Bezug auf 
die jeweils aktuelle Benchmark 
(einschließlich 
der 
täglich 
veröffentlichten Komponente, die 
zu ihrer Berechnung verwendet 
wird): 
 
 
(i) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide 
 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen 
des 
Verwalters 
der 
Benchmark (oder einer solchen 
Komponente), in der bekannt

--- Page 167 ---
- 159 - 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component), 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time 
of 
such 
statement 
or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
gegeben 
wird, 
dass 
dieser 
Verwalter die Bereitstellung der 
Benchmark (oder einer solchen 
Komponente) dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat 
oder 
einstellen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt einer solchen Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeverwalter gibt, der die 
Benchmark (oder eine solche 
Komponente) 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication of information by the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
for 
the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component), 
an 
insolvency 
official 
with 
jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time 
of 
such 
statement 
or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
 
 
(ii) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen 
durch 
die 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente), 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
der Benchmark (oder einer solchen 
Komponente), 
einen 
Insolvenzbeamten 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente), 
eine 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente) 
oder 
ein 
Gericht 
oder 
eine 
Einrichtung 
mit 
ähnlicher 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Abwicklungszuständigkeit für den 
Administrator der Benchmark, aus 
der 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
der 
Administrator 
der 
Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente) 
die Bereitstellung der Benchmark 
(oder einer solchen Komponente) 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es zum 
Zeitpunkt einer solchen Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolge-Administrator gibt, der 
die Benchmark (oder eine solche 
Komponente) 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder  
 
 
(iii) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication of information by the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
for 
the 
administrator of the Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is 
no longer representative. 
 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch die für den 
Administrator 
der 
Benchmark 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde, in 
der angekündigt wird, dass die 
Benchmark 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"Reference Time" with respect to 
any 
determination 
of 
the 
Benchmark means (i) if the 
 
"Referenzzeitpunkt" bedeutet in 
Bezug auf die Bestimmung der 
Benchmark (i) wenn es sich bei der

--- Page 168 ---
- 160 - 
Benchmark 
is 
Compounded 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination 
Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not Compounded SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer after 
giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes. 
Benchmark 
um 
einen 
Compounded SOFR handelt, die 
SOFR-Feststellungszeit, und (ii) 
wenn es sich bei der Benchmark 
nicht um einen Compounded 
SOFR handelt, den von der 
Emittentin nach Durchführung der 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
konformen 
Änderungen 
bestimmten 
Zeitpunkt. 
 
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" 
means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New 
York, 
or 
a 
committee 
officially endorsed or convened by 
the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto. 
 
"Zuständige 
Staatliche 
Regierungsstelle" bedeutet das 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder ein vom Federal 
Reserve 
Board 
und/oder 
der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York offiziell bestätigter oder 
einberufener Ausschuss oder ein 
Nachfolgegremium 
dieser 
Gremien. 
 
 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
excluding 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
 
"Unangepasste 
Ersatz-
Benchmark" 
bedeutet 
die 
Benchmark-Ersetzung ohne die 
Benchmark-Ersatz-Anpassung. 
 
 
(c)  Any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, determined 
under § 3(2)(b) above will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with § [12][13], the 
Holders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such 
changes take effect. 
 
(c)  Jede 
Ersatz-Benchmark, 
jede 
Benchmark-Ersatz-Anpassung und 
die spezifischen Bedingungen aller 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
konformen 
Änderungen, die gemäß § 3(2)(b) 
oben festgelegt werden, werden 
von der Emittentin unverzüglich 
dem 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen 
und, in Übereinstimmung mit § 
[12][13], den Inhabern mitgeteilt. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich und gibt den Tag 
an, an dem diese Änderungen 
wirksam werden. 
 
 
No later than notifying the Fiscal 
Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate 
signed 
by 
two 
authorised 
signatories 
of 
the 
Issuer: (i) confirming (x) that a 
Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, 
(y) 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) 
where applicable, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or 
the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with 
this § 3(2); and (ii) certifying that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes 
 
Spätestens mit der Mitteilung an 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent 
wird 
die 
Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent eine 
von zwei Zeichnungsberechtigten 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung vorlegen: (i) eine 
Bestätigung, 
dass 
(x) 
ein 
Benchmark-Änderungsereignis 
eingetreten ist, (y) die betreffende 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
und, 
(z) 
gegebenenfalls eine Benchmark-
Ersatz Anpassung und/oder die 
spezifischen 
Bedingungen 
der 
betreffenden 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
konformen Änderungen, jeweils 
wie 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
diesem § 3(2) festgelegt; und (ii) 
eine 
Bestätigung, 
dass 
die

--- Page 169 ---
- 161 - 
are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
betreffenden 
Ersatz-Benchmark 
konformen 
Änderungen 
erforderlich 
sind, 
um 
das 
ordnungsgemäße 
Funktionieren 
einer solchen Ersatz-Benchmark 
und/oder 
einer 
solchen 
Benchmark-Ersatz 
Anpassung 
sicherzustellen. 
 
 (d)  If the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(2), the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin 
relating 
to 
that 
last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(but 
applying the Margin applicable to 
the first Interest Period).] 
 
(d)  Kann der Zinssatz nicht gemäß 
diesem § 3(2) bestimmt werden, ist 
der Zinssatz (i) derjenige, der am 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
bestimmt 
wurde (wobei jedoch, wenn für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
eine 
andere Marge als für die letzte 
vorangegangene 
Zinsperiode 
anzuwenden ist, die Marge für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode anstelle 
der 
Marge 
für 
die 
letzte 
vorangegangene Zinsperiode zu 
verwenden ist), oder (ii) wenn es 
keinen solchen vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, 
der 
anfängliche Zinssatz, der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, 
wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum begeben worden wären, 
der 
der 
geplanten 
ersten 
Zinsperiode entspricht, aber am 
(und 
ausschließlich) 
dem 
Zinsbeginntag endet (aber unter 
Anwendung der für die erste 
Zinsperiode geltenden Marge).] 
 
 
[In case the offered quotation for 
deposits in the specified currency is 
CDOR, the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls 
der 
Angebotssatz 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung CDOR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
("Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will be at a 
rate per annum equal to the Reference 
Rate (as defined below) [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)]. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz ("Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(2) on each 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an 
jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3 Absatz (2). 
 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each 
Interest Period will be CDOR on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
ist 
CDOR 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
 
Where: 
"CDOR" on any day means the 
Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, being 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
"CDOR" an einem Tag bezeichnet die 
Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, dem

--- Page 170 ---
- 162 - 
the average bid rate of interest for 
banker's acceptances (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) in the 
Specified Currency having a [insert 
applicable number of days]-day term 
to maturity appearing on the Reuters 
Screen 
CDOR 
Page 
as 
of 
approximately 10.15 a.m. (Toronto 
time) (or the amended publication time 
for CDOR, if any, as specified by the 
Administrator (as defined below)) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as 
published by Refinitiv Benchmark 
Services (UK) Limited (or any 
successor thereto), as administrator 
(the "Administrator") in accordance 
with its CDOR methodology, as 
amended from time to time. 
durchschnittlichen Nachfragesatz für 
Bankakzepte 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
mit 
einer 
verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit 
von 
[entsprechende Anzahl von Tagen 
einfügen] 
Tagen, 
welche 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, wie von Refinitiv 
Benchmark Services (UK) Limited 
(oder einem Nachfolgeunternehmen), 
als Verwalter (der "Verwalter") in 
Übereinstimmung mit der CDOR 
Methode, in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung veröffentlicht, um ca. 10.15 
Uhr (Toronto Ortszeit) auf der Reuters 
CDOR Bildschrimseite angezeigt wird 
(oder an einem anderen CDOR 
Veröffentlichungszeitpunkt, 
soweit 
von dem Verwalter näher bestimmt). 
 
 
"Reuters Screen CDOR Page" means 
the 
display 
designated 
as 
page 
"CDOR" on the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or such other 
page as may replace the CDOR page 
on that or any other service, by the 
Administrator) for the purpose of 
publishing or displaying, among other 
things, 
Canadian 
dollar 
bankers' 
acceptance rates. 
 
 
"Reuters Bildschirmseite CDOR" 
bezeichnet die als Seite "CDOR" 
bestimmte Anzeige zum Zweck der 
Veröffentlichung oder Anzeige von 
unter anderem auf kanadische Dollar 
lautende Bankakzepte Raten auf dem 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(oder eine andere durch den Verwalter 
bestimmte Seite, die die CDOR Seite 
durch eine Seite von diesem oder 
einem anderen Service ersetzt). 
 
 
["Toronto Business Day" means a 
day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) in 
Toronto.] 
 
 
["Toronto Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in 
Toronto für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- 
und 
Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind.] 
 
 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
means 
the 
[first] 
[insert 
other 
applicable number of days] [Toronto] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
location] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
commencement] 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den 
[ersten] [andere Anzahl an Tagen 
einfügen] 
[Toronto] 
[andere 
maßgeblicher Ort] Geschäftstag [vor 
Beginn] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each [one] 
[three] [six] [twelve] month[s] [insert 
other applicable period in which case 
the CDOR BA interest rate may need 
to be a weighted average rate 
reflecting relevant maturities] period 
from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
(but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and, as the case may be, from 
(and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
einen [ein] [drei] [sechs] [zwölf] 
[ansonsten 
geltenden 
Zeitraum 
einfügen, der im Fall vom CDOR BA 
Zinssatz einen gewichteten Mittelwert 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Laufzeit 
wiederspiegelt] Monatszeitraum vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).

--- Page 171 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
["Margin" means [insert number] per 
cent. per annum.] 
 
 
[Die 
"Marge" 
beträgt 
[Zahl 
einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Issuer or its designee determines that 
any of the events described below in 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent shall 
substitute for CDOR, the alternative 
rates contemplated by paragraphs (a), 
(b), (c), (d) or (e), but subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
(f) 
as 
applicable, provided that: (i) the rate 
set out in paragraph (b) shall only 
apply if the rate set out in paragraph (a) 
is not available, (ii) the rate set out in 
paragraph (c) shall only apply if 
neither rate set out in paragraphs (a) or 
(b) is available, (iii) the rate set out in 
paragraph (d) shall only apply if none 
of the rates set out in paragraphs (a), 
(b) or (c) are available, and (iv) the rate 
set out in paragraph (e) shall only 
apply if none of the rates set out in 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) are 
available. 
 
 
Ungeachtet des Vorstehenden wird die 
Emittentin oder ihr Beauftragter, wenn 
diese feststellen, dass eines der 
nachstehend in den Absätzen (a), (b), 
(c), 
(d) oder 
(e) 
beschriebenen 
Ereignisse eingetreten ist, den CDOR, 
soweit anwendbar vorbehaltlich der 
Regelungen des Absatzes (f), durch 
die in den Absätzen (a), (b), (c), (d) 
oder (e) genannten alternativen Sätze, 
ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: (i) der 
unter Absatz (b) festgelegte Satz nur 
gilt, wenn der unter Absatz (a) 
festgelegte Satz nicht verfügbar ist, (ii) 
der unter Absatz (c) festgelegte Satz 
nur gilt, wenn sowohl der unter Absatz 
(a) festgelegte Satz als auch der unter 
Absatz (b) festgelegte Satz nicht 
verfügbar sind, (iii) der unter Absatz 
(d) festgelegte Satz nur gilt, falls 
keiner der in den Absätzen (a), (b) oder 
(c) festgelegten Sätzen verfügbar ist 
und (iv) der unter Absatz 
(e) 
festgelegte Satz nur gilt, falls keiner 
der in den Absätzen (a), (b), (c) oder 
(d) festgelegten Sätze verfügbar ist. 
 
 
(a) CDOR 
 
 
(a) CDOR 
 
 
(i) No Index Cessation Effective Date 
with respect to 3 Month CDOR. If, by 
10:15 a.m., Toronto time (or the 
amended publication time for CDOR, 
if 
any, 
as 
specified 
by 
the 
Administrator in its CDOR benchmark 
methodology), on the first Toronto 
Business Day of a relevant Interest 
Period (each a "Reset Date"), CDOR 
in respect of such day has not been 
published on the Reuters Screen 
CDOR Page and an Index Cessation 
Effective Date has not occurred, then 
the rate for that Reset Date will be 
CDOR in respect of such day, as 
provided by the Administrator and 
published by an authorized distributor 
or by the Administrator itself. If by 
noon, Toronto time (or one hour and 
forty-five minutes after the amended 
publication time for CDOR), on that 
Reset Date, neither the Administrator 
nor an authorized distributor has 
provided or published CDOR in 
respect of such day and an Index 
Cessation Effective Date has not 
occurred, then the rate for that Reset 
Date 
will 
be 
a 
rate 
formally 
recommended 
for 
use 
by 
the 
Administrator during the period of 
non-publication of CDOR and for so 
 
 
(i) Kein Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in 
Bezug auf den 3 Monats CDOR. Falls 
an dem ersten Toronto Geschäftstag 
einer 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
(jeweils ein "Reset-Tag") um 10:15 
Uhr Toronto Ortszeit (oder an einem 
anderen 
CDOR 
Veröffentlichungszeitpunkt, 
soweit 
von 
dem 
Verwalter 
in 
seiner 
Benchmark Methode näher bestimmt) 
CDOR für den betreffenden Tag nicht 
auf 
der 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
CDOR veröffentlich wurde und ein 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
nicht 
eingetreten ist, dann ist der Satz für 
diesen 
Reset-Zeitpunkt 
CDOR, 
welche 
von 
dem 
Verwalter 
bereitgestellt 
und 
von 
einer 
autorisierten Stelle oder von dem 
Verwalter selbst veröffentlicht wird. 
Falls bis 12:00 Uhr Toronto Ortszeit 
des Reset-Tages (oder eine Stunde und 
fünfundvierzig Minuten nach dem 
angepassten 
CDOR 
Veröffentlichungszeitpunkt) 
weder 
der Verwalter noch eine autorisierte 
Stelle CDOR für den betreffenden Tag 
bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht hat 
und ein Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
nicht eingetreten ist, dann ist der Satz 
für diesen Reset-Zeitpunkt ein Satz

--- Page 172 ---
- 164 - 
long as an Index Cessation Effective 
Date has not occurred. If no such rate 
is available, then the Issuer or its 
designee 
shall 
determine 
a 
commercially reasonable alternative 
for CDOR, taking into account any 
rate 
implemented 
by 
central 
counterparties 
and/or 
futures 
exchanges, in each case with trading 
volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing CDOR that the Issuer or its 
designee considers sufficient for that 
rate to be a representative alternative 
rate. 
welcher von dem Verwalter für die 
Verwendung 
während 
eines 
Zeitraums, indem die CDOR nicht 
veröffentlicht wurde und solange kein 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
eingetreten ist, förmlich empfohlen 
wurde. Falls ein solcher Satz nicht 
verfügbar ist, dann soll die Emittentin 
oder 
ihr 
Beauftragter, 
unter 
Berücksichtigung von jeglichen durch 
zentrale 
Gegenparteien 
und/oder 
Terminbörsen mit Handelsvolumina in 
CDOR bezogenen Derivaten oder 
Termingeschäften 
eingeführten 
Sätzen, eine wirtschaftlich sinnvolle 
Alternative für CDOR bestimmen, die 
die Emittentin oder ihr Beauftragter 
für angemessen hält, um diesen Satz 
als repräsentativen Alternativsatz zu 
erachten. 
 
 
(ii) Index Cessation Effective Date 
with respect to CDOR. Upon the 
occurrence of an Index Cessation 
Event, the rate for a Reset Date 
occurring on or after the Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to CDOR 
were references to Fallback Rate 
(CORRA) for the Original IBOR Rate 
Record Day that corresponds to the 
Reset Date, as most recently provided 
or published as at 11:30 a.m., Toronto 
time, 
on 
the 
related 
Fallback 
Observation 
Day. 
If 
neither 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or 
a successor provider as approved 
and/or appointed by ISDA from time 
to time) provides, nor authorized 
distributors publish, Fallback Rate 
(CORRA) for that Original IBOR Rate 
Record Day at, or prior to, 11:30 a.m., 
Toronto time, on the related Fallback 
Observation Day and a Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA) has not 
occurred, then the rate for that Reset 
Date will be Fallback Rate (CORRA) 
as most recently provided or published 
at that time for the most recent 
Original IBOR Rate Record Day, 
notwithstanding that such day does not 
correspond to the Reset Date. 
 
 
(ii) 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in 
Bezug auf CDOR. Bei Eintritt eines 
Indexabschaffungsereignis, wird der 
Satz für einen Reset-Tag, der auf oder 
nach den Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
fällt, so bestimmt, als seien Verweise 
auf CDOR Verweise auf den Fallback 
Satz 
(CORRA) 
für 
den 
'Ursprünglichen 
IBOR 
Satz 
Aufzeichnungstag', der dem Reset-
Tag entspricht, der zuletzt um 11:30 
Uhr, 
Toronto 
Ortszeit 
am 
entsprechenden 
Fallback-
Beobachtungstag bereitgestellt oder 
veröffentlicht wurde. Falls weder 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
(oder ein Folgeanbieter, welcher von 
der ISDA von Zeit zu Zeit zugelassen 
und/oder ernannt wird) noch eine 
autorisierte Stelle einen Fallback Satz 
(CORRA) für den 'Ursprünglichen 
IBOR Satz Aufzeichnungstag' um 
oder vor 11:30 Uhr, Toronto Ortszeit 
am 
entsprechenden 
Fallback-
Beobachtungstag bereitgestellt oder 
veröffentlicht haben und ein Fallback-
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
nicht 
eingetreten ist, dann soll der Satz für 
diesen Reset-Tag dem Fallback-Satz 
(CORRA) wie zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
zuletzt 
bereitgestellt 
oder 
veröffentlicht 
für 
den 
letzten 
'Ursprünglichen 
IBOR 
Satz 
Aufzeichungstag' ungeachtet dessen, 
dass dieser Tag nicht mit dem Reset-
Tag übereinstimmt, entsprechen.

--- Page 173 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
(b) Fallback Rate (CORRA) 
 
 
(b) Fallback Satz (CORRA) 
 
 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to Fallback Rate 
(CORRA). Upon the occurrence of a 
Fallback Index Cessation Event with 
respect to Fallback Rate (CORRA), 
the rate for a Reset Date for a relevant 
Interest Period in respect of which the 
Fallback Observation Day occurs on 
or after the Fallback Index Cessation 
Effective Date with respect to Fallback 
Rate (CORRA) will be the Canadian 
Overnight 
Repo 
Rate 
Average 
("CORRA") administered by the 
Bank of Canada (or any successor 
administrator), 
to 
which 
the 
Calculation Agent shall apply the most 
recently published spread, as at the 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to Fallback Rate 
(CORRA), referred to in the definition 
of "Fallback Rate (CORRA)" after 
making such adjustments to CORRA 
as are necessary to account for any 
difference in term structure or tenor of 
CORRA by comparison to Fallback 
Rate (CORRA) and by reference to the 
Bloomberg 
IBOR 
Fallback 
Rate 
Adjustments Rule Book. 
 
 
Fallback Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in Bezug auf den Fallback Satz 
(CORRA). Bei Eintritt eines Fallback 
Indexabschaffungsereignis in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA), ist 
der Satz für einen Reset-Tag für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode, in der der 
Fallback Beobachtungstag auf oder 
nach 
dem 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) liegt, 
dem von der Bank of Canada (oder 
einem 
Nachfolgeverwalter) 
verwalteten Canadian Overnight Repo 
Rate 
Average 
("CORRA") 
entsprechen, 
auf 
den 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
zuletzt 
veröffentlichte Zinsspanne anwendet, 
wie 
diese 
am 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) 
gemäß der Definition des "Fallback 
Satz (CORRA)" nach Vornahme der 
Anpassungen 
an 
CORRA, 
die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
um 
etwaigen 
Unterschieden in der Laufzeitstruktur 
oder der Laufzeit von CORRA im 
Vergleich 
zum 
Fallback 
Satz 
(CORRA) und unter Bezugnahme auf 
das Bloomberg IBOR Fallback Rate 
Adjustments 
Rule 
Book 
zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(c) CORRA 
 
 
(c) CORRA 
 
 
(i) No Fallback Index Cessation 
Effective Date with respect to CORRA. 
If neither the administrator nor 
authorized distributors provide or 
publish CORRA and a Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to CORRA has not occurred, then, in 
respect of any day for which CORRA 
is required, references to CORRA will 
be deemed to be references to the last 
provided or published CORRA. 
 
 
(i) Kein Fallback Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag in Bezug auf CORRA. Falls 
weder der Verwalter noch autorisierte 
Stellen CORRA bereitgestellt oder 
veröffentlicht haben und ein Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf CORRA nicht eingetreten ist, dann 
gelten Verweise auf CORRA für jeden 
Tag, für den CORRA erforderlich ist, 
als Verweise auf CORRA wie zuletzt 
bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht. 
 
 
(ii) Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to CORRA. If a 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date occurs with respect to each of 
Fallback Rate (CORRA) and CORRA, 
then the rate for a Reset Date for a 
relevant Interest Period in respect of 
which the Fallback Observation Day 
occurs on or after the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA) (or, if later, 
the Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to CORRA) will be 
the CAD Recommended Rate, to 
 
 
(ii) 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag in Bezug auf CORRA. Falls 
eine 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag in Bezug auf den Fallback 
Satz (CORRA) und CORRA eintritt, 
soll der Satz für einen Reset-Tag für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode, in der der 
Fallback Beobachtungstag auf oder 
nach 
dem 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) (oder, 
falls 
später, 
dem 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf 
CORRA) 
liegt, 
der 
CAD

--- Page 174 ---
- 166 - 
which the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the most recently published 
spread, as at the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA), referred to 
in the definition of "Fallback Rate 
(CORRA)" 
after 
making 
such 
adjustments 
to 
the 
CAD 
Recommended Rate as are necessary 
to account for any difference in term 
structure or tenor of the CAD 
Recommended Rate by comparison to 
Fallback Rate (CORRA) and by 
reference to the Bloomberg IBOR 
Fallback Rate 
Adjustments Rule 
Book. 
Recommended Rate entsprechen, auf 
den die Berechnungsstelle die zuletzt 
veröffentlichte Zinsspanne anwendet, 
wie 
diese 
am 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) 
gemäß der Definition des "Fallback 
Satz (CORRA)" nach Vornahme der 
Anpassungen 
an 
die 
CAD 
Recommended Rate die erforderlich 
sind, um etwaigen Unterschieden in 
der Laufzeitstruktur oder der Laufzeit 
von der CAD Recommended Rate im 
Vergleich 
zum 
Fallback 
Satz 
(CORRA) und unter Bezugnahme auf 
das Bloomberg IBOR Fallback Rate 
Adjustments 
Rule 
Book 
zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(d) CAD Recommended Rate 
 
 
(d) CAD Recommended Rate 
 
 
(i) No Fallback Index Cessation 
Effective Date with respect to CAD 
Recommended Rate. If there is a CAD 
Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first Toronto Business Day 
following 
the 
Fallback 
Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA) (or, if later, 
the end of the first Toronto Business 
Day following the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to 
CORRA) 
but 
neither 
the 
administrator 
nor 
authorized 
distributors provide or publish the 
CAD Recommended Rate and a 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to it has not 
occurred, then, in respect of any day 
for which the CAD Recommended 
Rate is required, references to the 
CAD Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last 
provided 
or 
published 
CAD 
Recommended Rate. 
 
 
(i) Kein Fallback Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag in Bezug auf die CAD 
Recommended Rate. Falls es eine 
CAD Recommended Rate vor dem 
Ende 
des 
ersten 
Toronto 
Geschäftstages nach dem Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) (oder, 
falls später, dem Ende des ersten 
Toronto Geschäftstages nach dem 
Fallback Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in Bezug auf CORRA) gibt, aber 
weder der Verwalter noch autorisierte 
Stellen eine CAD Recommended Rate 
bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht haben 
und ein Fallback Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag 
in 
Bezug 
diese 
nicht 
eingetreten ist, dann gelten Verweise 
auf die CAD Recommended Rate für 
jeden 
Tag, 
für 
den 
die 
CAD 
Recommended Rate erforderlich ist, 
als 
Verweise 
auf 
die 
zuletzt 
bereitgestellten oder veröffentlichten 
CAD Recommended Rate. 
 
 
(ii) No CAD Recommended Rate or 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date 
with 
respect 
to 
CAD 
Recommended Rate. If there is no 
CAD Recommended Rate before the 
end of the first Toronto Business Day 
following 
the 
Fallback 
Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA) (or, if later, 
the end of the first Toronto Business 
Day following the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to CORRA); or there is a CAD 
Recommended Rate and a Fallback 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective 
Date 
subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
then the rate for a Reset Date for a 
 
 
(ii) Keine CAD Recommended Rate 
oder 
kein 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf die CAD Recommended Rate. Falls 
es keine CAD Recommended Rate vor 
dem 
Ende 
des 
ersten 
Toronto 
Geschäftstages nach dem Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) (oder, 
falls später, dem Ende des ersten 
Toronto Geschäftstages nach dem 
Fallback Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in Bezug auf CORRA) gibt; oder falls 
es eine CAD Recommended Rate gibt 
und 
anschließend 
ein 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
hierauf eintritt, soll der Satz für einen

--- Page 175 ---
- 167 - 
relevant Interest Period in respect of 
which the Fallback Observation Day 
occurs on or after the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date with respect 
to Fallback Rate (CORRA) (or, if later, 
the Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to CORRA) or the 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to the CAD 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) 
will be Bank of Canada's Target for the 
Overnight Rate as set by the Bank of 
Canada and published on the Bank of 
Canada's Website (the "BOC Target 
Rate"), to which the Calculation 
Agent shall apply the most recently 
published spread, as at the Fallback 
Index Cessation Effective Date with 
respect to Fallback Rate (CORRA), 
referred to in the definition of 
"Fallback 
Rate 
(CORRA)" 
after 
making such adjustments to the BOC 
Target Rate as are necessary to 
account for any difference in term 
structure or tenor of the BOC Target 
Rate by comparison to Fallback Rate 
(CORRA) and by reference to the 
Bloomberg 
IBOR 
Fallback 
Rate 
Adjustments Rule Book. 
Reset-Tag 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode, in der der Fallback 
Beobachtungstag an oder nach dem 
Fallback Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in Bezug auf den Fallback Satz 
(CORRA) (oder, falls später, dem 
Fallback Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
in Bezug auf CORRA) oder an oder 
nach 
dem 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf die CAD Recommended Rate 
(soweit anwendbar) liegt, dem von der 
Bank of Canada festgelegten und auf 
Bank 
of 
Canada 
Website 
veröffentlichtem Zielwert für den 
Tagesgeldsatz entsprechen (der "BOC 
Zielsatz"), 
auf 
den 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
zuletzt 
veröffentlichte Zinsspanne anwendet, 
wie 
diese 
am 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in Bezug 
auf den Fallback Satz (CORRA) 
gemäß der Definition des "Fallback 
Satz (CORRA)" nach Vornahme der 
Anpassungen an den BOC Zielsatz die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
um 
etwaige 
Unterschiede in der Laufzeitstruktur 
oder der Laufzeit von dem BOC 
Zielsatz im Vergleich zum Fallback 
Satz (CORRA) und unter Bezugnahme 
auf das Bloomberg IBOR Fallback 
Rate Adjustments Rule Book zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(e) BOC Target Rate 
 
 
(e) BOC Target Rate 
 
 
No Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to BOC Target Rate. 
If neither the administrator nor 
authorized distributors provide or 
publish the BOC Target Rate and a 
Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date with respect to the BOC Target 
Rate has not occurred, then, in respect 
of any day for which the BOC Target 
Rate is required, references to the 
BOC Target Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or 
published BOC Target Rate. 
 
 
Kein Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag in 
Bezug auf den BOC Zielsatz. Falls 
weder der Verwalter noch autorisierte 
Stellen 
einen 
BOC 
Zielsatz 
bereitgestellt oder veröffentlicht haben 
und ein Fallback Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag in Bezug auf den BOC 
Zielsatz nicht eingetreten ist, dann 
gelten Verweise auf den BOC Zielsatz 
für jeden Tag, für den der BOC 
Zielsatz erforderlich ist, als Verweise 
auf den zuletzt bereitgestellten oder 
veröffentlichten BOC Zielsatz 
 
 
(f) 
Applicable 
Fallback 
Rate 
Conforming Change. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, in connection with the 
implementation of an Applicable 
Fallback Rate, the Issuer or its 
designee may make such adjustments 
to the Applicable Fallback Rate or the 
spread thereon, as well as the business 
day convention, Reset Dates and 
related provisions and definitions 
including the Fallback Observation 
Day, in each case that are consistent 
with accepted market practice for the 
 
 
(f) 
Anwendbarer 
Fallback 
Satz 
konforme Änderung. Ungeachtet des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
im 
Zusammenhang mit der Einführung 
eines Anwendbaren Fallback Satzes, 
die Emittentin oder ihr Beauftragter 
Anpassungen 
des 
Anwendbaren 
Fallback Satzes oder der Zinsspanne 
hierzu 
sowie 
der 
Geschäftstagkonvention, Reset-Tagen 
und 
der 
damit 
verbundenen 
Bestimmungen 
und 
Definitionen, 
einschließlich 
des 
Fallback

--- Page 176 ---
- 168 - 
use of the Applicable Fallback Rate for 
debt obligations such as the Notes in 
such circumstances. 
Beobachtungstages vornehmen, dass 
sie der anerkannten Marktpraxis für 
die Verwendung des Anwendbaren 
Fallback 
Satzes 
für 
Schuldverpflichtungen 
wie 
zum 
Beispiel der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechen. 
 
 
(g) Definitions. For the purposes of 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) 
above, the following terms shall have 
the meaning set out below: 
 
 
(g) Definitionen. Für die Zwecke der 
Absätze (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) und (f) 
haben die folgenden Begriffe die 
nachstehend angegebene Bedeutung: 
 
 
"Applicable Fallback Rate" means 
one of Fallback Rate (CORRA), 
CORRA, the CAD Recommended 
Rate, or the BOC Target Rate, as 
applicable; 
 
 
"Anwendbarer 
Fallback 
Satz" 
bezeichnet einen der folgenden Sätze: 
Fallback Satz (CORRA), CORRA, die 
CAD Recommended Rate oder den 
BOC Zielsatz, je nach Anwendbarkeit; 
 
 
"Bloomberg IBOR Fallback Rate 
Adjustments Rule Book" means the 
IBOR Fallback Rate Adjustments 
Rule Book published by Bloomberg 
Index Services Limited (or a successor 
provider as approved and/or appointed 
by ISDA from time to time) as updated 
from time to time in accordance with 
its terms; 
 
 
"Bloomberg IBOR Fallback Rate 
Adjustments Rule Book" bezeichnet 
das von Bloomberg Index Services 
Limited (oder einem Folgeanbieter, 
welcher von der ISDA von Zeit zu Zeit 
genehmigt und/oder ernannt wird) 
veröffentlichte IBOR Fallback Rate 
Adjustments Rule Book, welches von 
Zeit 
zu 
Zeit 
gemäß 
ihren 
Bestimmungen aktualisiert wird; 
 
 
"CAD Recommended Rate" means 
the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement 
for 
CORRA 
by 
a 
committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Bank of Canada for 
the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for CORRA (which rate 
may be produced by the Bank of 
Canada or another administrator) and 
as provided by the administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the administrator thereof (or a 
successor administrator), published by 
an authorized distributor; 
 
 
"CAD 
Recommended 
Rate" 
bezeichnet den Satz (einschließlich 
jeder 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Anpassungen), welcher durch ein von 
der 
Bank 
of 
Canada 
offiziell 
bestätigten 
oder 
einberufenen 
Ausschuss 
zum 
Zwecke 
der 
Empfehlung 
eines 
Ersatzes 
für 
CORRA als Ersatz für CORRA 
empfohlen wurde und wie von dem 
Verwalter des Satzes oder falls der 
Satz nicht von dem Verwalter (oder 
einem 
Nachfolgeverwalter) 
bereitgestellt 
wird, 
von 
einer 
autorisierten 
Stelle 
bereitgestellt 
wurde; 
 
 
"Fallback Index Cessation Effective 
Date" means, in respect of a Fallback 
Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the Applicable Fallback Rate 
is 
no 
longer 
provided. 
If 
the 
Applicable Fallback Rate ceases to be 
provided on the same day that it is 
required to determine the rate for a 
Reset Date pursuant to the terms of the 
Notes but it was provided at the time 
at which it is to be observed pursuant 
to the terms of the Notes (or, if no such 
time is specified in the Notes, at the 
time 
at 
which 
it 
is ordinarily 
published), then the Fallback Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be the 
 
 
"Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-
Stichtag" bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungsereignis 
den ersten Tag an welchem der 
Anwendbare Fallback Satz nicht mehr 
bereitgestellt 
wird. 
Falls 
der 
Anwendbare Fallback Satz an dem 
Tag nicht mehr bereitgestellt wird, an 
dem 
die 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorsehen, den 
Satz für den Reset-Tag zu bestimmen, 
dieser jedoch zu einem Zeitpunkt 
bereitgestellt wurde, an dem dieser 
gemäß 
den 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
berücksichtigen wäre (oder, falls ein

--- Page 177 ---
- 169 - 
next day on which the rate would 
ordinarily have been published; 
solcher 
Zeitpunkt 
in 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht genannt 
ist, zu einem Zeitpunkt, zu dem dieser 
üblicherweise veröffentlicht wird), 
dann 
ist 
der 
Fallback 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
der 
nächste Tag, an welchem der Satz 
üblicherweise veröffentlicht worden 
wäre; 
 
 
"Fallback Index Cessation Event" 
means:  
(A) a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator or provider of the 
Applicable Fallback Rate announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Applicable Fallback Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator or provider that will 
continue to provide the Applicable 
Fallback Rate; or  
 
 
"Fallback 
Indexabschaffungsereignis" 
bezeichnet: 
(A) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch oder im Namen des Verwalters 
oder 
des 
Bereitstellers 
des 
Anwendbaren Fallback Satzes, in der 
bekannt gegeben wird, dass dieser die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Anwendbaren 
Fallback Satzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass es 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
solchen 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeverwalter 
oder 
Bereitsteller 
gibt, 
der 
den 
Anwendbaren Fallback Satz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
 
 
(B) if the Applicable Fallback Rate is: 
(1) Fallback Rate (CORRA), a public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information 
by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of 
Fallback Rate (CORRA), the Bank of 
Canada, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for 
Fallback Rate (CORRA), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator 
for 
Fallback 
Rate 
(CORRA) or a court or an entity with 
similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority over the administrator for 
Fallback Rate (CORRA), which states 
that the administrator of Fallback Rate 
(CORRA) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Fallback Rate (CORRA) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide Fallback Rate (CORRA); or 
 
 
(B) falls der Anwendbare Fallback 
Satz: 
(1) der Fallback Satz (CORRA) ist, 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch die Aufsichtsbehörde für den 
Verwalter 
des 
Fallback 
Satzes 
(CORRA), die Bank of Canada, einen 
Insolvenzbeamten mit Zuständigkeit 
für den Verwalter des Fallback Satzes 
(CORRA), eine Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit Zuständigkeit für den Verwalter 
des Fallback Satzes (CORRA) oder 
ein Gericht oder eine Einrichtung mit 
ähnlicher 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Abwicklungszuständigkeit für den 
Verwalter 
des 
Fallback 
Satzes 
(CORRA), aus der hervorgeht, dass 
der Verwalter des Fallback Satzes 
(CORRA) die Bereitstellung des 
Fallback Satzes (CORRA) dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt 
hat oder einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass es zum Zeitpunkt einer solchen 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen Nachfolgeverwalter gibt, der 
den Fallback Satz (CORRA) weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
 
 
(2) CORRA, the CAD Recommended 
Rate, or the BOC Target Rate, a public 
 
 
(2) CORRA, die CAD Recommended 
Rate oder der BOC Zielsatz ist, eine

--- Page 178 ---
- 170 - 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information 
by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator or 
provider of the Applicable Fallback 
Rate, the Bank of Canada, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator or provider for 
the Applicable Fallback Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator or provider for 
the Applicable Fallback Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator or provider for the 
Applicable Fallback Rate, which states 
that the administrator or provider of 
the Applicable Fallback Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the 
Applicable Fallback Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide 
the Applicable Fallback Rate; 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch die Aufsichtsbehörde für den 
Verwalter oder den Bereitsteller des 
Anwendbaren Fallback Satzes, die 
Bank 
of 
Canada, 
einen 
Insolvenzbeamten mit Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Verwalter 
oder 
den 
Bereitsteller 
des 
Anwendbaren 
Fallback 
Satzes, 
eine 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
Zuständigkeit für den Verwalter oder 
den Bereitsteller oder den Bereitsteller 
des Anwendbaren Fallback Satzes 
oder ein Gericht oder eine Einrichtung 
mit 
ähnlicher 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Abwicklungszuständigkeit für den 
Verwalter oder den Bereitsteller des 
Anwendbaren Fallback Satzes, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass der Verwalter oder 
der Bereitsteller des Anwendbaren 
Fallback Satzes die Bereitstellung des 
Anwendbaren 
Fallback 
Satzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass es zum Zeitpunkt 
einer 
solchen 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeverwalter oder -bereitsteller 
gibt, der den Anwendbaren Fallback 
Satz weiterhin bereitstellt; 
 
 
"Fallback Observation Day" means, 
in respect of a Reset Date and the 
relevant Interest Period to which that 
Reset Date relates, the day that is two 
Toronto Business Days preceding the 
related interest payment date; 
 
 
"Fallback 
Beobachtungstag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen Reset-
Tag und die betreffende Zinsperiode, 
auf die sich der Reset-Tag bezieht, den 
Tag, der zwei Toronto-Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
entsprechenden 
Zinszahlungstag liegt; 
 
 
"Fallback Rate (CORRA)" means 
the term adjusted CORRA plus the 
spread relating to CDOR, in each case, 
for a relevant Interest Period provided 
by Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
(or a successor provider as approved 
and/or appointed by ISDA from time 
to time), as the provider of term 
adjusted CORRA and the spread, on 
the Fallback Rate (CORRA) Screen 
(or by other means) or provided to, and 
published by, authorized distributors; 
 
 
"Fallback 
Satz 
(CORRA)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
laufzeitbereinigten 
CORRA zuzüglich der Zinsspanne für 
den 
CDOR, 
jeweils 
für 
eine 
betreffende Zinsperiode bereitgestellt 
auf dem Fallback Satz (CORRA) 
Bildschirm (oder auf andere Weise) 
durch Bloomberg Index Services 
Limited (oder einem Folgeanbieter, 
welcher von der ISDA von Zeit zu Zeit 
zugelassen und/oder ernannt wird) als 
Bereitsteller des laufzeitbereinigten 
CORRA und der Zinsspanne oder 
bereitgestellt für und veröffentlicht 
von autorisierten Stellen; 
 
 
"Fallback Rate (CORRA) Screen" 
means 
the 
Bloomberg 
Screen 
corresponding to the Bloomberg ticker 
for the fallback for CDOR for a 
relevant Interest Period accessed via 
the Bloomberg Screen Page (or, if 
applicable, 
accessed 
via 
the 
 
 
"Fallback 
Rate 
(CORRA) 
Bildschirm" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Bloomberg 
Bildschirm, 
der 
dem 
Bloomberg-Ticker für den Fallback 
für CDOR für eine betreffende 
Zinsperiode entspricht und über die 
Bloomberg 
Bildschirmseite 
(oder,

--- Page 179 ---
- 171 - 
Bloomberg Screen) or any other 
published 
source 
designated 
by 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or 
a successor provider as approved 
and/or appointed by ISDA from time 
to time); 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
über 
den 
Bloomberg Bildschirm) aufgerufen 
wird oder jede andere veröffentlichte 
Quelle, die von Bloomberg Index 
Services 
Limited 
(oder 
einem 
Folgeanbieter, welcher von der ISDA 
von Zeit zu Zeit zugelassen und/oder 
ernannt wird) benannt wurde; 
 
 
"Index Cessation Effective Date" 
means, in respect of one or more Index 
Cessation Events, the first date on 
which CDOR is no longer provided. If 
CDOR ceases to be provided on the 
Relevant Original Fixing Date but it 
was provided at the time at which it is 
to be observed pursuant to the terms of 
the Notes, then the Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be the next day on 
which the rate would ordinarily have 
been published; 
 
 
"Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein oder 
mehrere Indexabschaffungsereignisse, 
den ersten Tag an dem CDOR nicht 
mehr bereitgestellt wird. Falls CDOR 
am 
betreffenden 
ursprünglichen 
Festsetzungstag 
nicht 
mehr 
bereitgestellt wird, dieser aber zu 
einem Zeitpunkt bereitgestellt wurde, 
zu 
welchem 
dieser 
gemäß 
den 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
berücksichtigen war, dann ist der 
Indexabschaffungs-Stichtag 
der 
nächste Tag, an dem der Satz 
normalerweise veröffentlicht worden 
wäre; 
 
 
"Index Cessation Event" means:  
(A) a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of the 
Administrator announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide CDOR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide CDOR; or  
(B) a public statement or publication 
of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the Administrator, the 
Bank of Canada, an insolvency official 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator for CDOR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for CDOR or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator for CDOR, which states 
that the Administrator has ceased or 
will 
cease 
to 
provide 
CDOR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide CDOR; 
 
 
"Index 
Abschaffungsereignis" 
bezeichnet: 
(A) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen 
durch oder im Namen des Verwalters, 
in der bekannt gegeben wird, dass 
dieser die Bereitstellung von CDOR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass es zum Zeitpunkt 
einer 
solchen 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung 
keinen 
Nachfolgeverwalter gibt, der CDOR 
weiterhin bereitstellt; oder 
(B) eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen 
durch 
die 
Aufsichtsbehörde für den Verwalter, 
die 
Bank 
of 
Canada, 
einen 
Insolvenzbeamten mit Zuständigkeit 
für den Verwalter von CDOR, eine 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
Zuständigkeit für den Verwalter des 
CDOR oder ein Gericht oder eine 
Einrichtung mit ähnlicher Insolvenz- 
oder Abwicklungszuständigkeit für 
den 
Verwalter 
CDOR, 
aus 
der 
hervorgeht, dass der Verwalter die 
Bereitstellung von CDOR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt 
hat oder einstellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass es zum Zeitpunkt einer solchen 
Erklärung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung

--- Page 180 ---
- 172 - 
keinen Nachfolgeverwalter gibt, der 
den CDOR weiterhin bereitstellt; 
 
 
"Original IBOR Rate Record Day" 
means Original IBOR Rate Record 
Date as that term is used on the 
Fallback Rate (CORRA) Screen; and 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher 
IBOR 
Satz 
Aufzeichnungstag" bezeichnet das 
'ursprüngliche 
IBOR 
Satz 
Aufzeichnungsdatum' 
wie 
dieser 
Begriff auf dem Bildschirm Fallback 
Satz (CORRA) verwendet wird; und 
 
 
"Relevant Original Fixing Date" 
means, unless otherwise agreed, the 
day on which CDOR would have been 
observed. 
 
 
"Betreffender 
ursprünglicher 
Festsetzungstag" bezeichnet, wenn 
nicht anders vereinbart, den Tag, an 
dem 
CDOR 
zu 
berücksichtigen 
gewesen wäre. 
 
 
[In case the offered quotation for 
deposits in the specified currency is 
any 
other 
reference 
rate, 
the 
following applies: 
 
 
[Falls 
der 
Angebotssatz 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung ein anderer Referenzsatz 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
 
(2) Rate of Interest. The "Rate of 
Interest" for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will be a rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. 
 
 
(2) Zinssatz. Der "Zinssatz" für jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert)] entspricht. 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to 
§ 3(4), 
determine 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(2) on each Interest Determination 
Date. 
 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt 
vorbehaltlich § 3 Absatz (4) an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag den jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3 
Absatz (2). 
 
 
The "Reference Rate" for each 
Interest Period will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
Der 
"Referenzsatz" 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode wird wie folgt bestimmt: 
 
 
(a) 
Initially the "Reference Rate" 
for each Interest Period will be the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
(a) 
Anfänglich 
entspricht 
der 
"Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
 
(b) 
If the Original Benchmark 
Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page as at such time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, but no 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
"Reference Rate" shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page 
on the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed. 
 
 
(b) 
Falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz zu dem betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, aber 
kein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, entspricht der "Referenzsatz" 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten 
Tag vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
(c) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, 
the "Reference Rate" for each Interest 
Period commencing on or after the 
Effective Date (as defined in § 3(4)(h)) 
 
 
(c) 
Wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eintritt, 
wird 
der 
"Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode, 
die an oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in

--- Page 181 ---
- 173 - 
will be determined in accordance with 
§ 3(4). 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(h) definiert) beginnt, 
gemäß § 3 Absatz (4) bestimmt. 
 
 
Where: 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
 
 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any 
day means the [insert applicable 
number of months]-month [insert 
reference rate] (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) appearing 
on the Screen Page as of [● a.m./p.m.] 
[insert other financial center] on the 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
an 
einem 
Tag 
entspricht 
dem 
[entsprechende Anzahl an Monaten 
einfügen] 
Monats 
[Referenzsatz 
einfügen] (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per 
annum), 
der 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
um 
[● 
Uhr] 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
 
 
"Screen Page" means the [insert 
administrator] screen page [insert 
Screen Page] or such other screen 
page of [insert administrator] or such 
other information service which is the 
successor to [insert administrator] 
screen page [insert Screen Page]. 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
[Administrator 
einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite 
[Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
eine 
andere 
Bildschirmseite von [Administrator 
einfügen] oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
welche 
die 
[Administrator 
einfügen] 
Bildschirmseite 
[Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] ersetzt. 
 
 
["Margin" means [insert number] per 
cent. per annum.] 
 
 
[Die 
"Marge" 
beträgt 
[Zahl 
einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
"Reference 
Banks" 
means 
the 
principal 
[insert 
other 
financial 
center] office of four major banks in 
the [insert other financial center] 
inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer.  
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von 
der Emittentin ausgewählten großen 
Banken im Interbankenmarkt von 
[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen]. 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an 
amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet 
einen Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen 
Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für eine 
einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 
"[insert 
other 
financial 
center] 
Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks in [insert other 
financial center] are open for business 
(including 
dealings 
in 
foreign 
exchange and foreign currency) 
 
 
"[anderes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem Geschäftsbanken in [anderes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
für 
Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- 
und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" the 
[insert applicable number of days] 
[insert 
other 
financial 
center] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
commencement] 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den 
[relevante anwendbare Anzahl an 
Tagen 
einfügen] 
[anderes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]-
Geschäftstag 
[vor 
Beginn] 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
 
 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
(but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from 
(and including) an Interest Payment 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
sowie jeden folgenden Zeitraum ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf

--- Page 182 ---
- 174 - 
Date to (but excluding) the following 
Interest Payment Date.] 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).] 
 
 
(3) Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will, on or as soon as practicable 
after each date at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, calculate 
the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes in 
respect 
of 
each 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below) to each Specified 
Denomination 
and 
rounding 
the 
resulting figure [if the Specified 
Currency is Euro insert: to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro, 0.005 Euro being 
rounded upwards.] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro insert: to the 
nearest minimum unit of the Specified 
Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being 
rounded upwards.] 
 
 
(3) 
Zinsbetrag. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
zu 
oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, 
an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen Zinsbetrag bezogen auf jede 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. 
Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
auf 
jede 
Festgelegten Stückelung angewendet 
werden, 
wobei 
der 
resultierende 
Betrag 
[falls 
die 
Festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist einfügen: auf den 
nächsten 
0,01 
Euro 
auf- 
oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,005 Euro 
aufgerundet 
werden.] 
[falls 
die 
Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: auf die kleinste Einheit der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
auf- 
oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden.] 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from (and including) the first 
day of such period to (but excluding) 
the last day of such period) (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrages für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum (ab dem 
ersten 
Tag 
dieses 
Zeitraums 
(einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses 
Zeitraums 
(ausschließlich)) 
(unabhängig davon, ob es sich dabei 
um eine Zinsperiode handelt, der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
 
[if Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
with 
annual 
interest 
payments 
insert: the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the 
actual number of days in the respective 
interest year.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA 
Regelung 
251) 
mit 
jährlichen 
Zinsperioden 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im jeweiligen Zinsjahr.] 
 
 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) insert: the 
actual 
number 
of 
days 
in 
the 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) 
einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365.] 
 
 
[if Actual/360 insert: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
 
[If Actual/Actual ISDA insert: the 
actual 
number 
of 
days 
in 
the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the 
actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual ISDA 
einfügen: die tatsachliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil 
dieses Zinsberechnungszeitraums in 
ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (i) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des

--- Page 183 ---
- 175 - 
actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
dividiert 
durch 366 und (ii) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
dividiert 
durch 365).] 
 
 
[If Actual/365 (Sterling) insert: the 
actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Period End Date falling 
in a leap year, 366.] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Sterling) 
einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl der 
Tage in der Zinsperiode geteilt durch 
365 
oder, 
wenn 
ein 
[Zinsperiodenendtag] in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, geteilt durch 366.] 
 
 
[If 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
insert: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 
30-day months, without regard to the 
date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless in the case 
of an Interest Period ending on the 
Maturity Date and the Maturity Date 
being the last day of the month 
February in which case the month 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
einfügen: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
Tages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei 
denn, dass im Falle einer am 
Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall 
der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen 
Monat zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
 
 
[In case of a Reference Rate other 
than Compounded Daily SONIA, 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index, 
Compounded SOFR or CDOR 
(unless otherwise agreed), insert the 
following: 
 
 
[Im Fall eines Referenzsatz, welcher 
nicht Compounded Daily SONIA, 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index, 
Compounded SOFR oder CDOR ist 
(sofern nichts anderes vereinbart 
ist), Folgendes einfügen: 
 
 
(4) Benchmark Event. If the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate, the Issuer will notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance 
with 
§ [12][13], 
the 
Holders thereof, and the relevant 
Reference Rate will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
(4) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn die 
Emittentin 
feststellt, 
dass 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin 
diesen Umstand dem Fiscal Agent, der 
Berechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen 
und gemäß § [12][13] den Gläubigern 
mitteilen und gilt für die Bestimmung 
des 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes 
Folgendes: 
 
 
(a) Independent Adviser. The Issuer 
shall endeavour to appoint an 
Independent Adviser as soon as 
possible, who will determine a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments. 
 
 
(a) Unabhängiger 
Berater. 
Die 
Emittentin wird sich bemühen, 
sobald 
wie 
möglich 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
 
 
(b) If prior to any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
 
 
(b) Wenn 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestsetzungstag

--- Page 184 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
(i) the Issuer fails to appoint an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(i) die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernennt; oder 
 
 
(ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to 
determine 
a 
New 
Benchmark Rate, 
 
 
(ii) der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz festlegt, 
 
 
the Reference Rate applicable to 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period shall be the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für die unmittelbar nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
 
If this § 3(4)(b) is to be applied on 
the Interest Determination Date 
prior to the commencement of the 
first 
Interest 
Period, 
the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
first Interest Period shall be [the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was 
displayed] 
[[●] % 
per 
annum]. 
 
 
Falls 
dieser 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(b) 
bereits am Zinsfestsetzungstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
zur 
Anwendung 
kommt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode 
[dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite an dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde] 
[[●] % per annum]. 
 
 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(4)(b) is 
to be applied, § 3(4) will be 
operated again to determine the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent Interest Period. 
 
 
Falls der Ausweichsatz gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(b) 
zur 
Anwendung 
kommt, 
wird 
§ 3 Absatz (4) 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode 
zu 
bestimmen. 
 
 
(c) Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
 
 
(c) Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt,  
 
 
(i) there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then such 
Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(i) dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz in der Folge 
anstelle des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich; oder 
 
 
(ii) there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, then such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, 
 
 
(ii) dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
in der Folge an Stelle des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
maßgeblich,

--- Page 185 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
and the "Reference Rate" for the 
all following Interest Periods will 
be 
(x) 
the 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, plus 
(y) the Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
und der "Referenzsatz" für alle 
folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
entspricht (x) dem betreffenden 
Neuen Benchmarksatz an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
 
 
(d) Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined, and if the 
Independent Adviser determines 
that 
amendments 
to 
these 
Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of 
such New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will 
give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(4)(e). 
 
 
(d) Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
festgelegt 
wird, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen dieser Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
festlegen und die Emittentin diese 
durch eine Mitteilung gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(e) 
bekanntmachen. 
 
 
The Benchmark Amendments 
may include without limitation: 
 
 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen erfassen: 
 
 
(i) the Reference Rate and/or 
(in replacement of § 3(2)(b) 
and (c)) the method for 
determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Reference 
Rate; and/or 
 
 
(i) den Referenzsatz und/oder 
(in 
Ersetzung 
von 
§ 3 Absatz (2)(b) und (c)) 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz; und/oder 
 
 
(ii) the definitions of the terms 
"Screen Page", "Business 
Day", 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date", 
"Interest 
Period", 
"Day Count Fraction" and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including 
the 
determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be 
determined on a forward 
looking 
or 
a 
backward 
looking basis); and/or 
 
 
(ii) die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe "Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" und/oder 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz vorwärts- oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
 
 
(iii) the payment business day 
condition in § 4(4). 
 
 
(iii) der 
Zahltag-Bestimmung 
gemäß § 4 Absatz (4). 
 
 
(e) Notices, etc. The Issuer will 
notify any New Benchmark Rate, 
the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
to 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
the 
 
 
(e) Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
wird 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen so bald

--- Page 186 ---
- 178 - 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with 
§ [12][13], the Holders as soon as 
such notification is (in the Issuer's 
view) practicable following the 
determination 
thereof. 
Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Effective Date. 
nach deren Feststellung wie (nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) 
praktikabel dem Fiscal Agent, der 
Berechnungsstelle, 
den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § [12][13] 
den Gläubigern mitteilen. Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
hat 
den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
 
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(if 
any), each as specified in such 
notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Holders. The 
Conditions shall be deemed to 
have been amended by the New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the 
Effective Date. 
 
 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, 
die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
den 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger 
bindend. Die Bedingungen gelten 
ab dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
 
 
On the date of such notice, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorized signatories of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
Am Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die 
Emittentin dem Fiscal Agent eine 
durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung zu übergeben, die 
 
 
(i) 
 
 
(i) 
 
 
(I) confirming 
that 
a 
Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
 
 
(I) bestätigt, 
dass 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
 
 
(II) specifying the relevant 
New Benchmark Rate;  
 
 
(II) den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
benennt;  
 
 
(III) specifying 
the 
applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any); 
and 
 
 
(III) die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen benennt; 
und  
 
 
(IV) specifying 
the 
Effective Date; and 
 
 
(IV) den Stichtag benennt; 
und 
 
 
(ii) certifying 
that 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if 
any, are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such 
relevant New Benchmark 
Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(ii) bestätigt, dass die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
betreffenden 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten.

--- Page 187 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
(f) Definitions. As used in this 
§ 3(4): 
 
 
(f) Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
§ 3 Absatz (4): 
 
 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, 
 
 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne oder 
(b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
 
 
(i) which in the case of a 
Successor Benchmark Rate, 
is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement 
of the Original Benchmark 
Rate with the Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
 
 
(i) die im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes von einem 
Nominierungsgremium im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
förmlich empfohlen wird; 
oder 
 
 
(ii) which 
(if 
no 
such 
recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is applied to the New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
international debt capital 
markets 
transactions 
to 
produce 
an 
industry-
accepted 
replacement 
reference 
rate 
for 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 
(ii) die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-Benchmark-
satzes) bei internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransakt
ionen 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz angewendet 
wird, 
um 
einen 
branchenweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
 
 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate 
which 
is 
customarily 
applied 
in 
international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of 
interest 
(or 
the 
relevant 
component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser. 
 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. 
der 
üblicherweise 
bei 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmarkttransaktione
n zur Bestimmung von variablen 
Zinssätzen (oder dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has 
the meaning given to it in 
§ 3(4)(d). 
 
 
"Benchmark-Änderungen" hat 
die 
in 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(d) 
festgelegte Bedeutung.

--- Page 188 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
 
 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
bezeichnet: 
 
 
(i) the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate ceasing to be published 
on a regular basis or ceasing 
to exist; or 
 
 
(i) der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz wird nicht 
mehr 
regelmäßig 
veröffentlicht 
oder 
nicht 
fortgeführt; oder 
 
 
(ii) a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease 
publishing 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has 
been appointed that will 
continue the publication of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate); or 
 
 
(ii) eine öffentliche Bekannt-
machung des Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, dass dieser die 
Berechnung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt 
hat 
oder 
einstellen wird (in Fällen, in 
denen 
kein 
Nachfolge-
Administrator 
ernannt 
worden 
ist, 
der 
die 
Veröffentlichung des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vornehmen wird); oder 
 
 
(iii) a public statement by the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate, that the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
has 
been 
or 
will 
be 
permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
 
 
(iii) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dahingehend, 
dass 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr fortgeführt wird 
oder 
fortgeführt 
werden 
wird; oder 
 
 
(iv) a public statement by or on 
behalf of the supervisor of 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
that, in its view, the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
is 
no 
longer, or will no longer be, 
representative, 
of 
the 
underlying 
market 
it 
purports to measure and no 
action to remediate such a 
situation 
is 
taken 
or 
expected to be taken as 
required by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate; 
or 
 
 
(iv) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, dass der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
seiner 
Ansicht nach nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
den 
zugrunde liegenden Markt 
ist oder sein wird, den zu 
messen er den Anschein hat, 
und dass keine wie von der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
verlangten Maßnahmen zur 
Behebung 
einer 
solchen 
Situation ergriffen wurden

--- Page 189 ---
- 181 - 
oder 
voraussichtlich 
ergriffen werden, oder 
 
 
(v) a public statement by the 
supervisor 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
as 
a 
consequence of which the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
has 
been 
or 
will 
be 
prohibited from being used 
either 
generally, 
or 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
Notes; or 
 
 
(v) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
infolge 
deren 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
allgemein 
oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht mehr verwendet wird 
bzw. 
verwendet 
werden 
darf; oder 
 
 
(vi) it has become unlawful for 
any 
Paying 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
the 
Issuer or any other party to 
calculate or determine any 
Reference Rate using the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
 
 
(vi) den Umstand, dass die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zur 
Berechnung 
oder 
Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
für 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
jeden 
Dritten 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist, 
 
 
provided that, for the purposes of 
(i) through (iii), a material 
alteration of the methodology 
used by the administrator or a 
public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that the Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of 
an underlying market on the 
Interest Commencement Date for 
the determination of the Original 
Benchmark Rate will be deemed 
as cessation and discontinuation, 
respectively, of the Original 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
wobei für die Zwecke von (i) bis 
(iii) eine wesentliche Änderung 
der 
bei 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
gültigen 
Methode 
für 
die 
Feststellung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche Stellungnahme der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
dahingehend, 
dass der Referenzsatz nicht länger 
repräsentativ 
für 
den 
zugrundeliegenden Markt ist, der 
Einstellung 
bzw. 
Nichtfortführung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
gleichsteht. 
 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der durch das 
Nominierungsgremium förmlich 
empfohlen wurde. 
 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" be-
zeichnet 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die

--- Page 190 ---
- 182 - 
replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes: 
 
 
(i) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
 
 
(i) die Zentralbank für die 
Währung, 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird, oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) any 
working 
group 
or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(I) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (II) any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (III) a group of 
the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory 
authorities 
or 
(IV) 
the 
Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
 
 
(ii) jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder 
jedes Komitee, die bzw. das 
von (I) der Zentralbank für 
die Währung in der die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird, (II) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist, (III) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken oder anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt oder 
gebildet wird. 
 
 
"Effective Date" has the meaning 
specified in § 3(4)(h). 
 
 
"Stichtag" 
hat 
die 
in 
§ 3 Absatz (4)(h) 
festgelegte 
Bedeutung. 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer. 
 
 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
bestelltes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder 
einen 
anderen 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
 
 
(g) The 
effective 
date 
for 
the 
application of this § 3(4) (the 
"Effective Date") will be: 
 
 
(g) Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
dieses 
§ 3 Absatz (4) 
(der 
"Stichtag") ist: 
 
 
(i) if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause 
(i) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", 
the date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
 
 
(i) der Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (i) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-

--- Page 191 ---
- 183 - 
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
 
 
(ii) if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause 
(ii), (iii) or (iv) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark 
Event", 
the 
date 
of 
cessation 
of 
publication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the 
discontinuation 
of 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
as the case may be; or 
 
 
(ii) der 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung des Ur-
sprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
wird bzw. an dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt 
wird, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
der 
Absätze (ii), (iii) oder (iv) 
der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
 
 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause 
(v) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", 
the date from which the 
prohibition applies. 
 
 
(iii) der 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet 
werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (v) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
 
 
(h) If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, § 3(4) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of 
such New Benchmark Rate by 
any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, as the case may be.] 
 
 
(h) Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 3 Absatz (4) entsprechend für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz.] 
 
 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, 
each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF insert: and the Guarantor], 
to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed, if so 
required by the rules of such stock 
exchange, the Paying Agent and to the 
Holders in accordance with § [12][13] 
as soon as possible after their 
determination. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed and to 
 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und 
Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle 
wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, 
der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: und der Garantin], 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, der Zahlstelle sowie den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
baldmöglichst nach ihrer Feststellung 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
geändert 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) 
werden. Jede solche Änderung wird 
umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem

--- Page 192 ---
- 184 - 
the Holders in accordance with 
§ [12][13]. 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
mitgeteilt. 
 
 
[(6)] Determinations Binding. All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 
by the Calculation Agent or the 
Independent Adviser shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, [the 
Paying Agents] and the Holders. 
 
 
[(6)] 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Berechnungsstelle oder 
dem Unabhängigen Berater für die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, [die 
Zahlstellen] 
und 
die 
Gläubiger 
bindend. 
 
 
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer 
shall fail to redeem the Notes when 
due, interest shall continue to accrue 
beyond the day preceding the due date 
until the day preceding the actual 
redemption of the Notes. Interest shall 
continue to accrue on the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes from the 
due date (inclusive) until the date of 
redemption of the Notes (exclusive) at 
the default rate of interest established 
by law.(2) 
 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlösen, endet die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
mit 
Ablauf 
des 
Tages 
der 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag vorangeht, sondern erst 
mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorangeht. 
Die Verzinsung des ausstehenden 
Nennbetrages vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) erfolgt in Höhe des 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen.(2) 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment 
of principal in respect of Notes shall be 
made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and surrender of the 
Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. 
Zahlungen von Kapital in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems 
gegen Vorlage und Einreichung der 
Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle einer der Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order 
 
(2) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank 
from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247(1) German Civil Code. 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 193 ---
- 185 - 
Clearing System upon presentation 
and surrender of the Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing 
Systems 
gegen 
Vorlage 
und 
Einreichung der Globalurkunde bei 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle einer 
der 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note insert: 
Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde einfügen: 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz (2) an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 
(3)(b).] 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in [insert Specified Currency]. 
 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in [festgelegte 
Währung einfügen]. 
 
 
[In 
the 
case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominated in Euro or Renminbi 
insert: 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
auf Euro oder Renminbi lauten, 
einfügen: 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the 
amount payable on the respective 
Payment Business Day is not available 
to it in such freely negotiable and 
convertible funds for reasons beyond 
its control or that the Specified 
Currency or any successor currency to 
it provided for by law (the "Successor 
Currency") is no longer used for the 
settlement of international financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its 
payment obligations by making such 
payment in Euro on, or as soon as 
reasonably 
practicable 
after, 
the 
respective Payment Business Day on 
the basis of the Applicable Exchange 
Rate. Holders shall not be entitled to 
[further] interest or any other payment 
as a result thereof. The "Applicable 
Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange 
reference rate for the Specified 
Currency or the Successor Currency 
determined and published by the 
European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a 
reasonable period (as determined by 
the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
 
 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu 
zahlende Beträge am betreffenden 
Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, 
in 
frei 
übertragbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht 
verfügbar 
sind, 
oder 
dass 
die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
oder 
eine 
gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-
Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht mehr für die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
jeweiligen Zahltag oder sobald wie es 
nach dem Zahltag vernünftigerweise 
möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
sind 
nicht 
berechtigt, 
[weitere] 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung 
zu 
verlangen. 
Der 
"anwendbare 
Wechselkurs" 
ist 
(i) falls 
verfügbar, 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
oder 
der

--- Page 194 ---
- 186 - 
prior to the day on which the payment 
is made or, (ii) if such rate is not 
available, the foreign exchange rate of 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor Currency against the Euro 
as determined by the Issuer in its 
equitable discretion.] 
Nachfolge-Währung, der von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank für einen 
Tag festgelegt und veröffentlicht wird, 
der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen) 
vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet 
wird, oder (ii) falls kein solcher 
Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
festgelegte Wechselkurs des Euro zu 
der festgelegten Währung oder der 
Nachfolge-Währung.] 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird 
durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date 
for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such 
day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag 
einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger 
keinen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. 
Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung 
zu 
verlangen. 
 
 
For 
these 
purposes, 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day which 
is [in the case of other relevant 
financial centres insert: a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert 
all 
relevant 
financial 
centres]] [and] [in case TARGET 2 is 
applicable: a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant 
parts 
of 
the 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") 
are 
operational to forward the relevant 
payment]. 
 
 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahltag" einen Tag, [im Fall von 
anderen relevanten Finanzzentren, 
einfügen: der ein Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [sämtliche relevanten 
Finanzzentren angeben] abwickeln] 
[und] [falls TARGET2 anwendbar: 
der ein Tag ist, an dem das Clearing 
System 
sowie 
alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 
(TARGET2) 
("TARGET") 
betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffenden 
Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and 
Interest. 
References 
in 
these 
Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; [if 
redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer for other than tax reasons 
insert: the Call Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] [if redeemable at the 
option of the Holder insert: the Put 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen

--- Page 195 ---
- 187 - 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] 
and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Notes. References 
in these Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls 
der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche 
gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
The Issuer may deposit with the local 
court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after 
the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge 
zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern 
nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten 
nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug 
befinden. 
Soweit 
eine 
solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or in 
part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [insert 
Redemption Month and year] (the 
"Maturity 
Date"). 
The 
Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Note shall be its principal 
amount. 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat 
und 
-jahr 
einfügen] fallenden Zinszahlungstag 
(der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf 
jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation. If as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Germany [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF insert: or The 
Netherlands] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VWGoAF insert: or the 
United States] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VCCI insert: or Canada] or 
any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties 
of any kind, or any change in, or 
 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und 
gemäß § [12][13] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die

--- Page 196 ---
- 188 - 
amendment 
to, 
an 
official 
interpretation or application of such 
laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer 
[in the case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: or the 
Guarantor] 
is 
required 
to 
pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 
herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), 
and this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF insert: or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be,], the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer, upon not more 
than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' 
prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ [12][13] to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined 
below), together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder die Garantin] 
als 
Folge 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Steuer- 
oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften in 
Deutschland 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
der Niederlande] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
oder 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
oder Kanadas] oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Anwendung 
oder 
der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
dieser 
Gesetze 
und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, 
diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche 
dieser 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, 
wirksam) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) 
definiert) 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 
dieser 
Bedingungen 
definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder der Garantin] 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen 
vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
However, 
no 
such 
notice 
of 
redemption may be given (i) earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF insert: or the Guarantor] 
would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
The date fixed for redemption must be 
an Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF begeben 
werden, einfügen: oder die Garantin] 
verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die 
Kündigung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegte

--- Page 197 ---
- 189 - 
Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag 
sein. 
 
 
Any such notice shall be given in 
accordance with § [12][13]. It shall be 
irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth 
a statement in summary form of the 
facts constituting the basis for the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
zu 
erfolgen. 
Sie 
ist 
unwiderruflich, muss den für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early 
Redemp-
tion at the 
Option of 
the Issuer 
insert: 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause 
(b), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
set 
forth 
below 
together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [if Minimum 
Redemption Amount or Higher 
Redemption Amount applies 
insert: Any such redemption 
must be of a principal amount 
equal 
to 
[at 
least 
[insert 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount]] 
[insert 
Higher 
Redemption Amount].] 
Falls 
die 
Emitten-
tin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, 
einfügen 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt oder teilweise am/an 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
[Bei 
Geltung 
eines 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages 
oder 
eines 
erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
einfügen: 
Eine 
solche 
Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines 
Nennbetrages von [mindestens 
[Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen]] 
[erhöhter 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
 
 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Call) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
(Call) 
 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
einfügen] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Holder insert: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its 
option to require the redemption of 
such Note under this § 5(4).] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach 
Absatz (4) dieses § 5 verlangt hat.]

--- Page 198 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ [12][13]. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
 
(b) Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese 
Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, 
which shall be not less than 
[insert Minimum Notice to 
Holders] nor more than 
[insert Maximum Notice to 
Holders] days after the date 
on which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), der nicht weniger als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] und nicht mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage nach dem 
Tag der Kündigung durch 
die Emittentin gegenüber 
den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und 
 
 
(iv) the 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(iv) den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption 
of Notes, Notes to be redeemed 
shall be selected in accordance 
with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of 
Notes in NGN form insert: Such 
partial 
redemption 
shall 
be 
reflected in the records of CBL 
and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL 
and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clearing 
Systems ausgewählt. [Falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Form einer NGN begeben 
werden, einfügen: Die teilweise 
Rückzahlung 
wird 
in 
den 
Registern 
von 
CBL 
und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen 
entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags 
wiedergegeben.]] 
If 
the 
Notes are 
subject to 
Early 
Redemp-
tion at the 
Option of 
the Holder 
insert: 
 
[[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Holder of any Note, redeem 
such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
set 
forth 
below 
together with accrued interest, if 
Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein Wahl-
recht hat, 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
zu kündi-
 
[[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-

--- Page 199 ---
- 191 - 
any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date. 
gen, 
einfügen: 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
(Put) 
 
 
[insert Put 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[insert Put 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge 
einfügen] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[___________] 
[___________] 
 
 
[if Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer insert: The Holder may not 
exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Issuer of any of its 
options to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5.] 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin ein Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in 
Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach 
diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, 
the Holder must, not less than 
[insert Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [insert 
Maximum Notice to Issuer] 
days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified 
in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal 
business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed 
early 
redemption 
notice ("Put Notice") in the form 
available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The 
Put Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities 
identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so 
exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only 
be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, 
hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] und nicht mehr als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] Tage vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem 
die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung"), 
wie 
sie 
von 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent 
erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummer 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit 
vergeben). Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der

--- Page 200 ---
- 192 - 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
[[(4)][(5)]Early Redemption Amount. 
 
 
[[(4)][(5)] 
Vorzeitiger 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
 
For purposes of § 9 and § 5(2), the 
Early Redemption Amount of a Note 
shall 
be 
its 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount.] 
 
 
Für die Zwecke des § 9 und des 
Absatzes (2) dieses § 5, entspricht der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] 
THE PAYING AGENT 
[AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[, ] [UND] 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
[UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the initial 
Paying 
Agent 
[and 
the 
initial 
Calculation Agent] and their initial 
specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Der 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle [und die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] 
und 
deren 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete[n] 
Geschäftsstelle[n] 
laute[t][n] 
wie 
folgt: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent [and][,] Paying Agent 
[and Calculation Agent]: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Fiscal Agent [und][,] Zahlstelle [und 
Berechnungsstelle]: 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Vereinigtes Königreich 
 
 
[Calculation Agent:] 
[insert name and specified office] 
 
 
[Berechnungsstelle:] 
[Namen 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle einfügen] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change 
their specified office[s] to some other 
specified office in the same country. 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [,] [und] die 
Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or 
the Paying Agent [or the Calculation 
Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents 
[or 
another 
Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält 
sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder der 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal 
Agent oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen 
[oder 
eine 
andere 
Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die

--- Page 201 ---
- 193 - 
of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
insert: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a Paying Agent 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) with 
a specified office in Luxembourg 
and/or in such other place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock 
exchange] [in the case of payments in 
USD insert: [,] [and] [(iii)] if 
payments at or through the offices of 
all Paying Agents outside the United 
States (as defined below) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in 
New York City] [if any Calculation 
Agent is to be appointed insert: [,] 
[and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent [if 
Calculation Agent is required to 
maintain a Specified Office in a 
Required Location insert: with a 
specified office located in [insert 
Required Location]]]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § [12][13]. 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) 
einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an einer Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen:[,] [und] (ii) solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, eine 
Zahlstelle (die der Fiscal Agent sein 
kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in Luxemburg und/oder an solchen 
anderen Orten unterhalten, die die 
Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
USD 
einfügen:[,] 
[und] 
[(iii)] 
falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen 
aller 
Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie unten definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung 
oder 
des 
Empfangs 
der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
USD 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City 
unterhalten] 
[falls 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden 
soll, einfügen:[,] [und] [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
[falls 
die 
Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
an 
einem 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
zu 
unterhalten 
hat, 
einfügen: 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
[vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]] 
unterhalten]. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] 
vorab 
unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) so long as the Notes clear in CDS, 
a Paying Agent that is able to make 
payments to CDS in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of CDS, and 
(ii) if Definitive Notes are issued, a 
Paying Agent which may be the Fiscal 
Agent with a specified office in 
Toronto. 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen die 
auf CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
Die Emittentin soll zu jeder Zeit (i) 
eine Zahlstelle, die in der Lage ist, 
Zahlungen 
an 
CDS 
gemäß 
der 
Vorschriften und Verfahren von CDS 
zu 
leisten, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
CDS 
gecleart werden, und (ii) wenn 
Einzelurkunden begeben werden, eine 
Zahlstelle, die der Fiscal Agent mit 
einer bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle in 
Toronto sein kann, behalten.

--- Page 202 ---
- 194 - 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
other than 
CAD 
Notes held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, 
"United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, die 
keine 
CAD 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen sind, 
die von 
CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U. S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal 
Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any 
obligations 
towards 
or 
relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder. 
 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [und] 
die 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
made 
without 
withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or 
deduction by or on behalf of [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF insert: 
The Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF insert: the 
United States or] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. If the Issuer is 
required by law to make any such 
withholding or deduction the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall 
be payable on account of any taxes or 
duties which: 
 
 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern 
oder sonstigen Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder 
in 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: den 
Niederlanden oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
Kanada oder die Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde von oder in [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: den 
Niederlanden oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI begeben werden, einfügen: 
Kanada oder die Vereinigten Staaten

--- Page 203 ---
- 195 - 
oder] Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Wenn die 
Emittentin gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet 
ist einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
vorzunehmen, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die 
den 
Gläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch 
nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und 
Abgaben, die: 
 
 
(a) are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person 
oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass 
die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 
(b) are payable by reason of the 
Holder having, or having had, 
some 
personal 
or 
business 
connection with [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF insert: The 
Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany and 
not merely by reason of the fact 
that payments in respect of the 
Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF insert: The 
Netherlands or] [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany; or 
 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zu [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Niederlanden 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen 
in 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Niederlanden 
oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die

--- Page 204 ---
- 196 - 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland stammen (oder für 
Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind; oder 
 
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant 
to (i) any European Union 
Directive 
or 
Regulation 
concerning 
the 
taxation 
of 
interest income paid to an 
individual and certain types of 
entities called "residual entities", 
or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which [in the case 
of Notes issued by VIF insert: 
The Netherlands or] [in the case 
of Notes issued by VWGoAF 
insert: the United States or] [in 
the case of Notes issued by 
VCCI insert: Canada or the 
United States or] Germany or the 
European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any 
provision 
of 
law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or (iv) 
the 
Luxembourg 
law 
of 
December 23, 2005, as amended 
by the law of July 17, 2008, with 
respect to Luxembourg resident 
individuals; or (v) sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 as 
amended (the "Code"), and any 
current or future U.S. Treasury 
regulations issued thereunder or 
official interpretations thereof or 
agreement thereunder or, any 
agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
any applicable intergovernmental 
agreements 
entered 
into 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
implementation of the foregoing 
and any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, 
rules 
or 
official 
practices adopted pursuant to 
such 
intergovernmental 
agreements ("FATCA"); or 
 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen, 
welche an eine natürliche Person 
oder an bestimmte juristische 
Personen, 
die 
als 
sonstige 
Einrichtungen (residual entities) 
bezeichnet werden ausgeschüttet 
werden 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung 
über 
deren 
Besteuerung, an der [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: die Niederlande oder] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWGoAF begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten oder] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VCCI begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Kanada 
oder 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
oder] 
Deutschland 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, 
oder 
(iii) 
einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung oder Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, oder (iv) 
des 
Gesetzes 
vom 
23. Dezember 2005, 
geändert 
durch 
das 
Gesetz 
vom 
17. Juli 2008 
bezüglich 
natürlicher Personen, die in 
Luxemburg 
ansässig 
sind, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten 
sind; oder (v) der Abschnitte 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal 
Revenue Codes von 1986 (der 
"Code"), 
in 
seiner 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung, 
und 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger 
Regelungen 
oder 
seiner 
offiziellen Auslegungen oder von 
Verträgen 
gemäß 
Abschnitt 
1471(b) 
des 
Codes, 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Verträgen, 
die im Zusammenhang mit der 
Umsetzung 
des 
vorstehenden 
geschlossen wurden und steuer- 
oder aufsichtsrechtliche Gesetze, 
Regelungen 
oder 
Verwaltungspraxis im Hinblick 
hierauf ("FATCA"); oder

--- Page 205 ---
- 197 - 
 
 
(d) are withheld or deducted from 
any payment to be made to a 
Noteholder being resident in a 
non-cooperative 
country 
or 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within the 
meaning of the act to prevent tax 
evasion 
and 
unfair 
tax 
competition 
(Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz) as amended or 
replaced from time to time 
(including 
any 
ordinance 
(Verordnung) enacted based on 
this act); or 
 
 
(d) von einer Zahlung an einen 
Anleihegläubiger 
abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind, der in 
einem 
nicht 
kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb (Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz) 
wie 
jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt 
(einschließlich der aufgrund von 
diesem 
Gesetz 
ergangenen 
Verordnungen) ansässig ist; oder 
 
 
(e) are payable by reason of a change 
in law that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment of principal or 
interest becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with 
§ [12][13], 
whichever 
occurs 
later; or 
 
 
(e) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung 
zahlbar sind, die später als 30 
Tage 
nach 
Fälligkeit 
der 
betreffenden 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung 
aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß 
§ [12][13] wirksam wird; oder 
 
 
(f) are withheld or deducted by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent 
without such withholding or 
deduction[; or][.] 
 
 
(f) von einer Zahlstelle einbehalten 
oder abgezogen werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Einbehalt 
oder Abzug hätte vorgenommen 
werden können[; oder][.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
[(g) are payable to the extent that such 
taxes would not have been 
imposed but for a Holder or a 
holder of a talon, receipt or 
coupon in respect of a Note: (i) 
not dealing at arm's length 
(within the meaning of the 
Income Tax Act (Canada)), with 
the Issuer or Guarantor, or (ii) the 
Holder of the Note or the holder 
of the talon, receipt or coupon in 
respect of the Note being, or not 
dealing at arm's length (within the 
meaning of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada)) with, at any time a 
"specified shareholder" of the 
Issuer as defined in subsection 
(18)(5) of the Income Tax Act 
(Canada); or] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(g) in dem Umfang zu zahlen sind, in 
dem solche Steuern nicht erhoben 
worden wären, wenn nicht ein 
Gläubiger oder ein Inhaber eines 
Talons, 
Rückzahlungsscheins 
oder Zinsscheins in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) keine 
gleichberechtigten 
Geschäfte 
(dealing at arm's length) im 
Sinne 
des 
Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) mit 
der Emittentin oder Garantin 
tätigt, oder (ii) der Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibung oder der 
Inhaber 
des 
Talons, 
Rückzahlungsscheins 
oder 
Zinsscheins in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
jederzeit 
ein 
"designierter 
Aktionär" der Emittentin, wie in 
Absatz (18)(5) des Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) 
definiert 
ist 
oder 
keine 
gleichberechtigten 
Geschäfte 
(dealing at arm's length) im 
Sinne 
des 
Kanadischen 
Einkommenssteuergesetzes

--- Page 206 ---
- 198 - 
(Income Tax Act (Canada)) mit 
designierten 
Anteilseignern 
tätigt; oder] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[(g) which are imposed by the United 
States as a result of a Holder's or 
beneficial owner's (i) failure to 
establish a complete exemption 
from 
such 
withholding 
tax 
(including, but not limited to, by 
providing an applicable IRS 
Form W-8 or W-9), or (ii) past or 
present status as (v) a passive 
investment company with respect 
to the United States; a foreign 
corporation which accumulates 
earnings to avoid United States 
Federal income tax; (w) a 
controlled foreign corporation 
with respect to the United States 
that is related to the Issuer 
through stock ownership; (x) a 
private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect 
to the United States; (y) a "10 per 
cent. shareholder" with respect to 
the Issuer within the meaning of 
Section 
871(h)(3)(B) 
or 
881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal 
Revenue Code; or (z) a bank 
receiving interest described in 
Section 
881(c)(3)(A) 
of the 
Internal Revenue Code.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
 
[(g) von den Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund der Tatsache erhoben 
werden, dass ein Gläubiger oder 
wirtschaftlich Berechtigter (i) 
nicht in der Lage war, eine 
vollständige Befreiung von der 
Einkommensbesteuerung 
(einschließlich der Vorlage des 
einschlägigen IRS Formulars W-
8 oder W-9) zu erwirken oder (ii) 
gegenwärtig 
oder 
in 
der 
Vergangenheit den Status (v) 
eines 
passiven 
Anlageunternehmens 
(passive 
investment company) im Hinblick 
auf die Vereinigten Staaten, also 
eines Unternehmens, das Erträge 
bündelt, um Einkommenssteuern 
in den USA (United States 
Federal 
income 
tax) 
zu 
vermeiden; (w) eines im Hinblick 
auf 
die 
USA 
beherrschten 
ausländischen 
Unternehmens 
(controlled foreign corporation), 
das durch Aktienbesitz mit der 
Emittentin verbunden ist, (x) 
einer privaten Stiftung oder 
sonstigen 
steuerbefreiten 
Körperschaft (private foundation 
or 
other 
tax-exempt 
organisation) im Hinblick auf die 
USA; 
(y) 
eines 
"10 % 
Anteilsinhabers" im Sinne des 
Paragraphen 
871(h)(3)(B) 
or 
881(c)(3)(B) 
des 
Internal 
Revenue Code im Hinblick auf 
die Emittentin; oder (z) einer 
Zinsen erhaltenden Bank im 
Sinne 
von 
Paragraph 
881(c)(3)(A) 
des 
Internal 
Revenue Code innehat oder 
hatte.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF 
insert: 
 
[(g) are payable by reason of the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021).] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen: 
 
[(g) aufgrund des Niederländischen 
Quellensteuergesetzes 
2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021) zahlbar 
sind.]

--- Page 207 ---
- 199 - 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
The presentation period provided in 
§ 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB 
(German Civil Code) is reduced to ten 
years for the Notes. 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB 
bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für 
die Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder 
shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent 
its entire claims arising from the Notes 
and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in § 5) together 
with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment, in the event that: 
 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
seine 
sämtlichen Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise durch Kündigung gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent fällig zu stellen und 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, 
falls: 
 
 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 
 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform 
any other obligation arising from 
the Notes [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor fails to perform any 
obligation 
arising 
from 
the 
Guarantee referred to in § 2] 
which failure is not capable of 
remedy or, if such failure is 
capable of remedy, such failure 
continues for more than 90 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a 
Holder, or 
 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin die Erfüllung einer 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie, 
auf die in § 2 Bezug genommen 
wird,] 
unterlässt 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung 
nicht 
geheilt 
werden kann oder, falls sie 
geheilt werden kann, länger als 
90 Tage fortdauert, nachdem der 
Fiscal 
Agent 
hierüber 
eine 
Benachrichtigung 
von 
einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 
(c) the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
or 
ceases 
its 
payments, or 
 
 
(c) die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die 
Garantin] 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt 
gibt; oder 
 
 
(d) a court opens bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] or such proceedings 
are instituted and have not been 
 
 
(d) ein Gericht ein Konkurs- oder 
anderes 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] eröffnet, oder ein

--- Page 208 ---
- 200 - 
discharged or stayed within 60 
days, or the Issuer [in the case of 
Notes issued by VIF, VCCI or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
applies 
for 
or 
institutes such proceedings or 
offers or makes an arrangement 
for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF insert: or the 
Issuer applies for a "surseance 
van 
betaling" 
(within 
the 
meaning of Statute of Bankruptcy 
of The Netherlands),] or 
Verfahren eröffnet wird, welches 
nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen 
beendet oder eingestellt wird oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die 
Garantin] 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt 
oder 
eine 
allgemeine 
Schuldenregelung 
zugunsten 
ihrer Gläubiger anbietet oder 
trifft 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF begeben werden, einfügen: 
oder 
die 
Emittentin 
ein 
"surseance van betaling" (im 
Sinne 
des 
niederländischen 
Insolvenzrechts) beantragt]; oder 
 
 
(e) the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued 
by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] goes into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger, or other form of 
combination 
with 
another 
company and such company 
assumes 
all 
obligations 
contracted by the Issuer [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF, 
VCCI or VWGoAF insert: or 
the Guarantor, as the case may 
be,] in connection with this 
issue[, or][.] 
 
 
(e) die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Verschmelzung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
Form 
des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft und diese 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, 
die 
die 
Emittentin 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF, VCCI oder VWGoAF 
begeben werden, einfügen: oder 
die Garantin] im Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist[; oder][.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert, 
if 
appli-
cable: 
 
[(f) the 
Guarantee 
ceases, 
for 
whatever reason, to be in full 
force and effect.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI und 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden 
einfügen, 
wenn 
anwend-
bar: 
 
[(f) die Garantie, gleich aus welchem 
Grund, nicht mehr in vollem 
Umfang rechtswirksam ist.] 
 
 
The right to declare Notes due shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to 
it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls 
der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung 
des Rechts geheilt wurde.

--- Page 209 ---
- 201 - 
 
 
(2) Quorum. In the events specified in 
subparagraph (1)(b) above, any notice 
declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in subparagraph 
(1)(a) and (1)(c) through (1)[(e)][(f)] 
entitling Holders to declare their Notes 
due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders 
of at least one-tenth in principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 
(2) Quorum. Im Fall von Absatz (1)(b) 
wird eine Kündigung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in 
Absatz 
(1)(a) 
und 
(1)(c) 
bis 
(1)[(e)][(f)] 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Nennbetrag von mindestens 1/10 der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen 
sind. 
 
 
(3) Notice. Any notice, including any 
notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due, 
in 
accordance with subparagraph (1) 
above shall be made by means of a 
declaration in the German or English 
language delivered in text form to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
together with proof that such Holder at 
the time of such notice is a holder of 
the relevant Notes by means of a 
certificate of his Custodian (as defined 
in § [14(3)]) or in other appropriate 
manner. 
 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
vorstehendem Absatz (1) ist in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu 
erklären und in Textform an dessen 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
zu 
übermitteln. Der Benachrichtigung ist 
ein Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem 
sich ergibt, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
der Benachrichtigung Inhaber der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. 
Der Nachweis kann durch eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in 
[§ 14 Absatz (3)] definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht 
werden. 
 
 
[§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
 
[§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG, 
VIF 
and 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be 
entitled at any time, without the 
consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, to substitute for the 
Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
VIF or VCCI insert: either the 
Guarantor or] any Subsidiary (as 
defined below) [in the case of Notes 
issued by VWAG insert: of it] [in the 
case of Notes issued by VIF or VCCI 
insert: of the Guarantor] as principal 
debtor in respect to all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (the "Substitute Debtor"), 
provided that: 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG, 
VIF 
und 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist 
jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich 
nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Verzug 
befindet, 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen von VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: entweder die Garantin oder] 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG begeben werden, einfügen: 
der 
Emittentin] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen von VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: der Garantin] an ihrer Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen

--- Page 210 ---
- 202 - 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
sofern: 
 
 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all 
obligations of the Issuer arising 
from or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor is in a 
position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes in the 
Specified Currency without the 
necessity of any taxes or duties 
being withheld at source levied 
by the country or jurisdiction in 
which the Substitute Debtor is 
domiciled and to transfer all 
amounts which are required to be 
paid under the Notes to the Fiscal 
Agent without any restrictions; 
 
 
(b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der 
Lage ist, sämtliche sich aus oder 
im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Währung ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
ohne 
die 
Notwendigkeit 
eines 
Einbehalts von irgendwelchen 
Steuern oder Abgaben an der 
Quelle zu erfüllen, erhoben in 
dem Land oder der Jurisdiktion, 
wo 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ihren 
Sitz 
hat, 
sowie 
die 
erforderlichen Beträge, welche 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
gezahlt werden sollen, ohne 
Beschränkungen an den Fiscal 
Agent übertragen können; 
 
 
(c) the Substitute Debtor undertakes 
to reimburse any Holder for such 
taxes, fees or duties which may 
be imposed upon such Holder as 
a consequence of assumption of 
the obligations of the Issuer by 
the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
in 
accordance with this § 10; 
 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich 
verpflichtet in Übereinstimmung 
mit diesem § 10, jedem Gläubiger 
alle Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben zu erstatten, die dem 
Gläubiger in Folge der Ersetzung 
durch die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auferlegt werden; 
 
 
(d) it 
is 
guaranteed 
that 
the 
obligations of the [in the case of 
Notes issued by VWAG insert: 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes 
issued by VIF or VCCI insert: 
Guarantor] from the Guarantee of 
the Debt Issuance Programme of 
the Issuers apply also to the Notes 
of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(d) sichergestellt ist, dass sich die 
Verpflichtungen der [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von VWAG begeben werden, 
einfügen: Emittentin] [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
VIF 
oder 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, einfügen: Garantin] aus 
der Garantie des Debt Issuance 
Programms der Emittentinnen 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
erstrecken; 
 
 
(e) there shall have been delivered to 
the Fiscal Agent one opinion for 
each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognised standing to 
the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been 
satisfied; and 
 
 
(e) dem Fiscal Agent jeweils eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), 
(b), (c) und (d) erfüllt wurden; 
und 
 
 
(f) Volkswagen Group of America 
Finance, LLC [in the case of 
 
 
(f) es 
sich 
bei 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin nicht um

--- Page 211 ---
- 203 - 
CAD Notes held by CDS insert: 
or VW Credit, Inc.] is not the 
Substitute Debtor. 
die 
Volkswagen 
Group 
of 
America Finance, LLC [im Fall 
von 
CAD 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von CDS gehalten werden, 
einfügen: oder VW Credit, Inc.] 
handelt. 
 
 
For purposes of these Conditions 
"Subsidiary" 
shall 
mean 
any 
corporation or partnership in which 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
directly or indirectly in the aggregate 
holds more than 90 % of the capital of 
any class or of the voting rights. 
 
 
Im Sinne dieser Bedingungen bedeutet 
"Tochtergesellschaft" eine Kapital- 
oder Personengesellschaft, an der die 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft direkt 
oder indirekt insgesamt mehr als 90 % 
des Kapitals jeder Klasse oder der 
Stimmrechte hält. 
 
 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such 
substitution shall be published in 
accordance with § [12][13]. 
 
 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung 
ist gemäß § [12][13] bekannt zu 
machen. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event 
of any such substitution, any reference 
in these Conditions to the Issuer shall 
from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to 
the country in which the Issuer is 
domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event 
of 
such 
substitution 
the 
following shall apply: 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im 
Fall 
einer 
Ersetzung 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
die 
Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der 
Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included (in 
addition 
to 
the 
reference 
according 
to 
the 
preceding 
sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Debtor); 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(a) in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden 
Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat); 
 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(c) to (e) an alternative 
reference to the Issuer in its 
capacity as guarantor shall be 
deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor.] 
 
 
(b) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (e) gilt 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die 
Emittentin 
in 
ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF 
insert: 
 
[In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to The Netherlands shall be 
deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country 
of domicile or residence for taxation 
purposes of the Substitute Debtor.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF 
begeben 
 
[In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Niederlande 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach 
Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die

--- Page 212 ---
- 204 - 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat).] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VCCI 
insert: 
 
[In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to Canada shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor.]] 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die von 
VCCI 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine 
alternative Bezugnahme auf Kanada 
als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der 
Bezugnahme 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat).]] 
 
 
§ [10] [11] 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES 
AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
§ [10][11] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may 
from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the settlement date, 
interest commencement date and/or 
issue price) so as to form a single 
Series with the Notes. 
 
 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. 
Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold 
or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by 
tender, tenders for such Notes must be 
made available to all Holders of such 
Notes alike. 
 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von 
ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden. Sofern diese 
Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot 
erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed 
in full shall be cancelled forthwith and 
may not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
 
 
§ [11] [12] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, 
AMENDMENT OF THE 
GUARANTEE] 
 
 
§ [11] [12] 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009 
 
 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die Gläubiger können entsprechend 
den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus

--- Page 213 ---
- 205 - 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the 
Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by a majority 
resolution pursuant to sections 5 et 
seqq. SchVG. In particular, the 
Holders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including such measures as provided 
for under section 5 paragraph 3 of the 
SchVG by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as 
stated in subparagraph (2) below. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding 
on all Holders. Holders' Resolutions 
which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, 
unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their 
being treated disadvantageously. 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
"SchVG") 
durch 
einen 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. SchVG über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Gläubiger können insbesondere einer 
Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich 
der 
in 
§ 5 Absatz 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen 
durch 
Beschlüsse 
mit 
den 
in 
dem 
nachstehenden Absatz (2) genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger 
sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten 
Gläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 
(2) Majority Resolutions. Majority 
resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than [75] % of the 
votes cast. Resolutions relating to 
amendments 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions which are not material and 
which do not relate to the matters 
listed in section 5(3), Nos. 1 to 9 of the 
SchVG require a simple majority of 
the votes cast. 
 
 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden 
mit 
einer 
Mehrheit von [75] % der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 
Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 9 des SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Passing of resolutions. The 
Holders can pass resolutions in a 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in 
accordance with section 5 et seqq. of 
the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with 
section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Die Gläubiger 
können 
Beschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG fassen 
 
 
(4) Meeting. If resolutions of the 
Holders shall be made by means of a 
meeting 
the 
convening 
notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further 
details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to the Holders together with the 
convening notice. [In the case of 
Notes not denominated in CAD and 
held by CDS insert: Attendance at the 
meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. 
 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Falls 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gefasst 
werden, enthält die Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung nähere Angaben zu 
den 
Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. 
Die 
Gegenstände und Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern mit der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung bekannt gemacht. [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die 
nicht auf CAD lauten und von CDS 
gehalten werden, einfügen: Die

--- Page 214 ---
- 206 - 
The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, 
Holders 
must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with §[13][14][(3)][(4)] 
hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and 
including) the day such registration 
has been sent until (and including) the 
stated end of the meeting.] [In the case 
of Notes denominated in CAD and 
held by CDS insert: As long as the 
Permanent Global Note is kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System, a Holder's eligibility to 
participate in the vote should be 
determined in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the Clearing 
System.] 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Mit 
der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß §[13][14] Absatz 
[(3)][(4)] und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden, 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
 
 
(5) Vote without a meeting. If 
resolutions of the Holders shall be 
made by means of a vote without a 
meeting 
the 
request 
for 
voting 
(Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will 
provide for further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote 
as 
well 
as 
the 
proposed 
resolutions shall be notified to the 
Holders together with the request for 
voting. [In the case of Notes not 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS insert: The exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the 
request for voting no later than the 
third day preceding the beginning of 
the voting period. As part of the 
registration, 
Holders 
must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in accordance with §[13][14][(3)][(4)] 
hereof in text form and by submission 
of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant 
Notes are not transferable from (and 
 
 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält 
die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen 
und zu den Abstimmungsmodalitäten. 
Die Gegenstände und Vorschläge zur 
Beschlussfassung 
werden 
den 
Gläubigern mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die 
nicht auf CAD lauten und von CDS 
gehalten werden, einfügen: Die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor Beginn 
des Abstimmungszeitraums zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch 
einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank 
gemäß 
§[13][14] Absatz [(3)][(4)] und durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass

--- Page 215 ---
- 207 - 
including) the day such registration 
has been sent until (and including) the 
day the voting period ends.] [In the 
case of Notes denominated in CAD 
and held by CDS insert: As long as 
the Permanent Global Note is kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing 
System, a Holder's eligibility to 
participate in the vote should be 
determined in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of the Clearing 
System.] 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden, 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
 
 
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the meeting 
pursuant to § [11][12](4) or the vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
pursuant 
to 
§ [11][12](5), in case of a meeting the 
chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene 
a second meeting in accordance with 
section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 2 of 
the SchVG or in case of a vote without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a 
second meeting within the meaning of 
section 15 paragraph 3 sentence 3 of 
the SchVG. [In the case of Notes not 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS insert: Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. 
The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day 
preceding the second meeting. As part 
of the registration, Holders must 
demonstrate 
their 
eligibility 
to 
participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ [13][14][(3)][(4)] hereof in text form 
and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from (and including) the 
day such registration has been sent 
until (and including) the stated end of 
the meeting.] [In the case of Notes 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS insert: As long as the Permanent 
Global Note is kept in custody by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System, a 
Holder's eligibility to participate in the 
vote 
should 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
rules 
and 
procedures of the Clearing System.] 
 
 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die 
Gläubigerversammlung 
gemäß 
§ [11][12] Absatz (4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß 
§ [11][12] Absatz (5) 
die 
mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, kann - im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
- 
der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 
SchVG und - im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
- 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen 
die nicht auf CAD lauten und von 
CDS gehalten werden, einfügen: Die 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
zweiten 
Versammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
zweiten 
Versammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § [13][14] Absatz 
[(3)][(4)] und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus 
dem hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) nicht übertragbar sind, 
nachweisen.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen die auf CAD 
lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde von dem oder für

--- Page 216 ---
- 208 - 
das Clearing System verwahrt werden, 
sollte die Teilnahmeberechtigung eines 
Gläubigers an der Abstimmung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Vorschriften 
und Verfahren des Clearing Systems 
ermittelt werden.] 
If 
no 
Holders' 
Repre-
sentative 
is 
desig-
nated 
in 
the Condi-
tions, 
insert: 
 
(7) Holders' Representative. The 
Holders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' 
Representative") 
to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf 
of each Holder. 
Falls kein 
gemein-
samer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Bedin-
gungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen. 
If 
the 
Holders' 
Repre-
sentative 
is appoint-
ed in the 
Condi-
tions, 
insert: 
 
(7) Holders' Representative. The 
common representative (the "Holders' 
Representative") shall be [●]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, 
unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted 
wilfully 
or 
with 
gross 
negligence. 
Im 
Fall 
der Bestel-
lung 
des 
gemein-
samen 
Vertreters 
in 
den 
Bedin-
gungen, 
einfügen: 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz 
oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last. 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall 
have the duties and powers provided 
by law or granted by majority 
resolution of the Holders. The Holders' 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Holders. To the 
extent that the Holders' Representative 
has been authorised to assert certain 
rights of the Holders, the Holders shall 
not be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly provided 
for in the relevant majority resolution. 
The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the 
SchVG apply with regard to the recall 
and the other rights and obligations of 
the Holders' Representative. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm 
durch Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur 
Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die 
einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
 
 
(8) 
Publication. 
Any 
notices 
concerning this § [11][12] shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG.  
 
 
(8) Veröffentlichung. 
Bekanntmachungen 
die 
diesen 
§ [11][12] 
betreffen, 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. The 
provisions set out above applicable to 
the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the Guarantee of Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
or 
any 
other 
guarantee provided in relation to the 
Notes. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben 
aufgeführten 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf 
die 
Garantie 
der 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft sowie jede andere in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
abgegebene Garantie Anwendung.

--- Page 217 ---
- 209 - 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
 
§ [12][13] 
NOTICES 
 
 
§ [12][13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[(1) 
Publication. 
All 
notices 
concerning 
the 
Notes 
shall 
be 
published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to be validly given on 
the third calendar day following the 
date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third 
calendar day following the date of the 
first such publication).] [In the case of 
Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange insert: As long as the Notes 
are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day 
following 
the 
date 
of 
such 
publication.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind im Bundesanzeiger 
zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam 
erfolgt.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
gelistet sind und die Regeln und 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
erfordern, 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
(1) Publication. [In the case of Notes 
which are listed on a Stock 
Exchange insert: As long as the Notes 
are listed on the [official list of the] 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of 
electronic publication on the internet 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have 
been validly given on the third day 
following 
the 
date 
of 
such 
publication.] [In the case of Notes 
denominated in CAD and held by 
CDS: Should Definitive Notes ever be 
issued, the Issuer shall publish all 
notices concerning the notes in a 
national 
Newspaper 
in 
Canada 
(expected to be the Globe and Mail). 
Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first 
Falls 
die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, einfügen: Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Official 
List 
der] 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse gelistet sind und die 
Regeln 
und 
Vorschriften 
der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies 
erfordern, 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf der Website der 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu). 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
als wirksam erfolgt.] [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
auf 
CAD lauten und von CDS gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Sollten 
Einzelurkunden 
jemals 
begeben 
werden, dann soll die Emittentin alle 
Mitteilungen 
bezüglich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
einer 
nationalen 
Zeitung 
in 
Kanada 
(voraussichtlich die Globe and Mail) 
veröffentlichen. Jede einer solchen

--- Page 218 ---
- 210 - 
date on which such publication is 
made.] 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Bekanntmachung oder, wenn sie öfter 
als einmal oder an verschiedenen 
Tagen veröffentlich wurde, am ersten 
Tag an dem diese Bekanntmachung 
geschah, als erfolgt.] 
 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
 
 
[(2)] Mitteilungen an das Clearing 
System. 
 
 
[In the case of Notes which are 
unlisted insert: The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication 
by 
the 
Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
notiert sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin 
wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die 
Gläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
als 
den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed 
on 
the 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
insert: So long as any Notes are listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
above shall apply. In the case of 
notices regarding the Rate of Interest 
or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in 
lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
newspapers set forth in subparagraph 
(1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit 
dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz 
betrifft 
oder 
die 
Regeln 
der 
Luxemburger Börse es zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung 
nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als 
den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
§ [13] [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
§ [13][14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND[, 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
UND GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER,] [UND] 
GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
not 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, 
including all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law.] 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, die 
nicht auf 
CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
 
[(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einschließlich 
die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin 
unterliegen 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht deutschem Recht.]

--- Page 219 ---
- 211 - 
werden, 
einfügen: 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
denominat
ed in CAD 
and 
held 
by 
CDS 
insert: 
 
[(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to 
form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law.] 
Im Fall 
von 
Schuldver
schreibun
gen, die 
auf CAD 
lauten und 
von CDS 
gehalten 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht.] 
 
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The 
non-exclusive place of jurisdiction for 
all proceedings arising out of or in 
connection 
with 
the 
Notes 
("Proceedings") shall be the district 
court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main. The Holders, however, may also 
pursue their claims before any other 
court of competent jurisdiction. The 
German courts shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over the annulment of lost 
or destroyed Notes. The Issuer hereby 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts 
referred to in this subparagraph. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. Die 
Gläubiger können ihre Ansprüche 
jedoch auch vor anderen zuständigen 
Gerichten 
geltend 
machen. 
Die 
deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich 
zuständig für die Kraftloserklärung 
abhanden 
gekommener 
oder 
vernichteter Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin unterwirft sich hiermit 
der Gerichtsbarkeit der nach diesem 
Absatz zuständigen Gerichte. 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall, pursuant 
section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have 
jurisdiction for all judgments in 
accordance with sections 9 para. 2, 13 
para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG 
and the district court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
shall 
have 
exclusive 
jurisdiction 
for 
all 
judgments over contested resolutions 
by Holders in accordance with section 
20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[Das Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
ist gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG 
zuständig für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 
Absatz 2, 13 Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 
SchVG und das Landgericht Frankfurt 
am Main ist gemäß § 20 Absatz 3 
SchVG ausschließlich zuständig für 
Klagen im Zusammenhang mit der 
Anfechtung von Beschlüssen der 
Gläubiger.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VWAG 
insert: 
 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Wolfsburg shall, pursuant section 9 
para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction 
for all judgments in accordance with 
sections 9 para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 
para. 2 of the SchVG and the district 
court (Landgericht) in Braunschweig 
shall have exclusive jurisdiction for all 
judgments over contested resolutions 
by Holders in accordance with section 
20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, 
die 
von 
VWAG 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
 
[Das 
Amtsgericht 
Wolfsburg 
ist 
gemäß § 9 Absatz 3 SchVG zuständig 
für alle Verfahren nach §§ 9 Absatz 2, 
13 Absatz 3 und 18 Absatz 2 SchVG 
und das Landgericht Braunschweig ist 
gemäß 
§ 20 
Absatz 
3 
SchVG 
ausschließlich zuständig für Klagen im 
Zusammenhang mit der Anfechtung 
von Beschlüssen der Gläubiger.] 
In the case 
of 
Notes 
issued by 
VIF, 
 
[(3) Appointment of Authorised Agent. 
For any Proceedings before German 
courts, 
the 
Issuer 
appoints 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
 
[(3) 
Bestellung 
von 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
Für 
etwaige 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
vor 
deutschen 
Gerichten 
bestellt 
die

--- Page 220 ---
- 212 - 
VCCI 
or 
VWGoAF 
insert: 
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, 
Germany as its authorised agent for 
service of process in Germany.] 
bungen, 
die 
von 
VIF, 
VCCI 
oder 
VWGoAF 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Emittentin 
die 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft, Berliner Ring 2, 
38440 Wolfsburg, Deutschland, zu 
ihrer Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in 
Deutschland.] 
 
 
[(3)][(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of 
Notes may in any proceedings against 
the Issuer, or to which such Holder and 
the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) 
specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b) and 
(ii) a copy of the Note in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes 
also in any other way which is 
admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
 
 
[(3)][(4)] 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, 
in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei 
der er für die Schuldverschreibungen 
ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing 
System eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter 
(a) 
und 
(b) 
bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original 
eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers 
des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, 
ohne 
dass 
eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend

--- Page 221 ---
- 213 - 
machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [14] [15] 
LANGUAGE 
 
 
§ [14][15] 
SPRACHE 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
German 
language 
with 
an 
English 
language  
transla-
tion 
insert: 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The 
German text shall be controlling and 
binding. 
The 
English 
language 
translation 
is 
provided 
for 
convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sions-
bedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.] 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English 
language 
with 
a 
German 
language 
transla-
tion 
insert: 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The 
English text shall be controlling and 
binding. 
The 
German 
language 
translation 
is 
provided 
for 
convenience only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sions-
bedin-
gungen in 
englischer 
Sprache 
mit einer 
Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist unverbindlich.] 
If 
the 
Condi-
tions shall 
be in the 
English 
language 
only 
insert: 
 
[These Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
Falls 
die 
Emis-
sions-
beding-
ungen aus-
schließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
 
[Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst.]

--- Page 222 ---
- 214 - 
8. 
GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
by 
VOLKSWAGEN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, 
Wolfsburg, Germany, 
(the "Guarantor") 
in favour of the holders of notes (the "Notes") issued by 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V., 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc., 
Ajax, Ontario, Canada or 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
Herndon, Virginia, USA 
(formed in Delaware) 
(each an "Issuer" and together the "Issuers") 
under the 
€ 30,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
(the "Programme"). 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the holder of each note (each, a "Holder") 
the due payment of the amounts corresponding to the principal of and interest, if any, on the respective Notes in 
accordance with the respective terms applicable to such Notes. 
The intent and purpose of this guarantee (the "Guarantee") is to ensure that the Holders under all circumstances, 
whether factual or legal, and regardless of the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the Issuers or any 
company that may have been substituted for the same or for Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft in its capacity as 
issuer of Notes under the Programme, pursuant to § 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the respective Notes may 
fail to effect payment, shall receive the amounts payable as principal and interest, if any, on the dates provided for 
in the Conditions applicable to the respective Notes. 
The Guarantor expressly guarantees the payment of principal of, and interest, if any, on, all Notes issued with 
reference to the Programme. 
The Guarantor further undertakes, as long as Notes under the Programme are outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest, if any, have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide 
for any other Bond Issue, including any guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof, any security upon its assets 
without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security (the "Negative Pledge"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this undertaking shall not apply to security provided in connection with asset backed 
securities issued by the Guarantor, or by a special purpose vehicle where the Guarantor is the originator of the 
underlying assets. For the purposes of this Guarantee and Negative Pledge, "Bond Issue" shall mean an issue of 
debt securities which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange, 
over-the counter or other securities market. 
This Guarantee and Negative Pledge is given in respect of any and all Notes which are or will be issued by any of 
the Issuers under the Programme on or after the date hereof. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee and Negative Pledge shall, without any further act or thing 
being required to be done or to occur, extend to the obligations of any Substitute Debtor which is not the Guarantor 
arising in respect of any Note by virtue of a substitution pursuant to the Conditions. 
This Guarantee and Negative Pledge and all undertakings contained herein constitute a contract for the benefit of 
the Holders from time to time as third party beneficiaries pursuant to § 328 (1) BGB (German Civil Code)1. They 
give rise to the right of each such Holder to require performance of the obligations undertaken herein directly from 
the Guarantor, and to enforce such obligations directly against the Guarantor. 
 
1 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) German Civil Code would read as follows: "A contract may stipulate performance for the 
benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 223 ---
- 215 - 
Any Holder has the right in case of non-performance of any payments on the Notes to enforce the Guarantee by 
filing a suit directly against the Guarantor without the need to take prior proceedings against the relevant Issuer. 
Citibank, N.A., which accepted this Guarantee in its capacity as Fiscal Agent does not act in a relationship of 
agency or trust, a fiduciary or in any other similar capacity for the Holders. 
Terms used in this Guarantee and Negative Pledge and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning 
attributed to them in the Conditions. 
If Notes provide that the provisions regarding the Amendment of the Terms and Conditions and the Holder's 
Representative as set forth in § 11/12 of the Conditions apply to such Notes, such provisions shall be applicable 
mutatis mutandis also to this Guarantee. Should the Conditions of a Bond Issue be amended by an agreement based 
on § 11/12 of the Conditions between the Holders and the respective Issuer this Guarantee shall also apply to 
payments due under the amended Conditions. 
The rights and obligations arising from this Guarantee and Negative Pledge shall in all respects be determined in 
accordance with German law. Place of performance shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
This Guarantee and Negative Pledge is written in the German language and attached hereto is a non-binding 
English translation. 
The original version of this Guarantee and Negative Pledge shall be delivered to, and kept by, Citibank, N.A. 
Exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee and 
Negative Pledge against the Guarantor shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
On the basis of a copy of this Guarantee and Negative Pledge certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of Citibank, N.A., each Holder may protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under this 
Guarantee and Negative Pledge in any legal proceedings against the Guarantor or to which such Holder and the 
Guarantor are parties, without the need for production of this Guarantee and Negative Pledge in such proceedings. 
Wolfsburg, December 1, 2021 
VOLKSWAGEN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee and Negative Pledge without recourse, warranty or liability. 
December 1, 2021 
Citibank, N.A.

--- Page 224 ---
- 216 - 
9. 
GARANTIE UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
der 
VOLKSWAGEN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT, 
Wolfsburg, Deutschland, 
(die "Garantin") 
zugunsten der Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") 
die von der 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V., 
Amsterdam, Niederlande, 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc., 
Ajax, Ontario, Canada oder der 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
Herndon, Virginia, USA 
(gegründet in Delaware) 
(jeweils eine "Emittentin" und zusammen die "Emittentinnen") 
im Rahmen des 
€ 30.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programmes 
(das "Programm") 
emittiert wurden 
Die Garantin gewährleistet hiermit den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen (die "Gläubiger") unwiderruflich 
und unbedingt die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung der Beträge, die Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen der jeweiligen 
Schuldverschreibungen entsprechen, nach Maßgabe der für diese Schuldverschreibungen jeweils geltenden 
Bedingungen. 
Sinn und Zweck dieser Garantie ist es sicherzustellen, dass die Gläubiger unter allen tatsächlichen oder rechtlichen 
Umständen und ungeachtet der Wirksamkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der Emittentinnen oder 
der gemäß § 10 der für die jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen an ihre Stelle oder an die 
Stelle der Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft in ihrer Eigenschaft als Emittentin unter dem Programm getretenen 
Gesellschaft unterbleiben mag, die als Kapital und etwaige Zinsen zahlbaren Beträge zu den in den für die 
jeweiligen Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen vorgesehenen Terminen erhalten. 
Die Garantin gewährleistet ausdrücklich die Zahlung 
von Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen aller 
Schuldverschreibungen, die unter Bezugnahme auf das Programm begeben wurden. 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich ferner, solange Schuldverschreibungen unter dem Programm ausstehen, jedoch nur 
bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, für andere Anleihen, einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien und Gewährleistungen, 
keine Sicherheiten an ihrem Vermögen zu bestellen, ohne gleichzeitig und im gleichen Rang die Gläubiger an 
solchen Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu lassen. Um etwaige Zweifel zu vermeiden, diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in 
Bezug auf Sicherheiten, die in Zusammenhang mit von der Garantin begebenen asset-backed securities 
(strukturierte Wertpapiere, die mit Vermögenswerten besichert sind) gestellt werden oder für asset-backed 
securities, die von einer Zweckgesellschaft begeben werden, und bei denen die Garantin die ursprüngliche 
Inhaberin der zugrunde liegenden Vermögenswerte ist. Im Sinne dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung 
bedeutet "Anleihe" eine Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Wertpapierbörse, im Freiverkehr oder 
einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt 
werden sollen oder können. 
Diese Garantie und Negativverpflichtung erstreckt sich auf sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die am oder nach 
dem Datum dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung von einer Emittentin unter dem Programm begeben werden. 
Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung erstrecken sich, ohne dass eine 
weitere Handlung durchgeführt werden oder ein weiterer Umstand entstehen muss, auf solche Verpflichtungen 
jeglicher nicht mit der Garantin identischen neuen Emittentin, die infolge einer Schuldnerersetzung gemäß den 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Bedingungen in Bezug auf jedwede Schuldverschreibung entstehen. 
Diese Garantie und Negativverpflichtung und alle hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen sind ein Vertrag zu Gunsten 
der Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 BGB und begründen das

--- Page 225 ---
- 217 - 
Recht eines jeden Gläubigers, die Erfüllung der hierin eingegangenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin zu fordern und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin durchzusetzen. 
Ein Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann im Falle der Nichterfüllung von Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Durchsetzung dieser Garantie unmittelbar gegen die Garantin Klage erheben, ohne 
dass zunächst ein Verfahren gegen die jeweilige Emittentin eingeleitet werden müsste. 
Die Citibank, N.A., mit der die hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen getroffen werden, handelt als Fiscal Agent nicht 
als Beauftragte, Treuhänderin oder in einer ähnlichen Eigenschaft für die Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die hierin verwendeten und nicht anders definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen in den Bedingungen zugewiesene 
Bedeutung. 
Sofern auf Schuldverschreibungen die Bestimmungen über die Änderung der Anleihebedingungen und den 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter gemäß § 11 bzw. § 12 der Bedingungen Anwendung finden, gelten diese Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß auch für diese Garantie. Sollten die Bedingungen einer Anleihe durch Vereinbarung zwischen den 
Gläubigern und der jeweiligen Emittentin gemäß § 11 bzw. § 12 der Bedingungen geändert werden, gilt diese 
Garantie auch für die Zahlung aller gemäß der geänderten Bedingungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Die Rechte und Pflichten aus dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. Erfüllungsort ist Frankfurt am Main. 
Diese Garantie und Negativverpflichtung ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. 
Die deutschsprachige Fassung ist verbindlich und allein maßgeblich. 
Das Original dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung wird der Citibank, N.A., ausgehändigt und von dieser 
verwahrt. 
Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten gegen die Garantin aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung ist Frankfurt am Main. 
Jeder Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin und in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem er und die Garantin Partei sind, seine aus dieser Garantie und Negativverpflichtung 
hervorgehenden Rechte auf der Grundlage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Person der Citibank, N.A., 
beglaubigten Kopie dieser Garantie ohne Vorlage des Originals im eigenen Namen wahrnehmen und durchsetzen. 
Wolfsburg, 1. Dezember 2021 
VOLKSWAGEN AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder Rückgriff auf 
uns. 
1. Dezember 2021 
CITIBANK, N.A.

--- Page 226 ---
- 218 - 
10. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a manufacturer or 
Distributor for the purposes of MiFID II.][•] 
[EEA MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; jedoch 
ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. Zur Klarstellung: Die Emittentin ist kein Konzepteur oder Vertriebsunternehmen 
für Zwecke der MiFID II.][•] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][•] 
[UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN 
/ 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und 
professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU 
Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR"), umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
[Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]][•] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the

--- Page 227 ---
- 219 - 
SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed 
capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[PRODUKTKLASSIFIZIERUNG NACH DEM WERTPAPIER– UND FUTURES-GESETZ VON 
SINGAPUR - Nur für Zwecke ihrer Verpflichtungen nach den Abschnitten 309B (1)(a) und 309B (1)(c) des 
Wertpapier- und Futures-Gesetzes 2001 (Securities and Futures Act 2001) in der jeweils gültigen Fassung 
("SFA") hat die Emittentin festgelegt, und benachrichtigt hiermit allen relevanten Personen (wie in Abschnitt 
309A des SFA bezeichnet), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um ["bestimmte Kapitalmarktprodukte" 
("prescribed capital markets products")] / ["andere Kapitalmarktprodukte als bestimmte Kapitalmarktprodukte 
("prescribed capital markets products")] (gemäß der Definition in den Verordnungen über Wertpapiere und 
Futures (Kapitalmarktprodukte) 2018 (Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)) 
handelt.]

--- Page 228 ---
- 220 - 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [529900NNUPAGGOMPXZ31]] 
[Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [5299004PWNHKYTR23649]] 
[VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [5493008EKOD7VIY3LM85]] 
[Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [5493002SQ1AVQBY41K40]] 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
€ 30,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
of/der 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
as Issuer and Guarantor 
als Emittentin und Garantin 
and/und 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
and/und 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. 
and/und 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
 
dated March 22, 2022 
vom 22. März 2022 
Issue Price: [ ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [ ] % 
Issue Date: [   ]3 
Tag der Begebung: [   ] 
Series No.: [ ], Tranche [ ] 
Serien Nr.: [ ], Tranche [ ] 
 
 
3 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 229 ---
- 221 - 
Important Notice 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in conjunction with Article 25 (4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, and 
must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
March 22, 2022 [and the supplement(s) dated [•]] (the "Prospectus"). The Prospectus and any supplement thereto 
are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and on the website of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft (www.volkswagenag.com/en/InvestorRelations.html) and 
copies may be obtained from Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. Full information is only available on the basis of 
the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms.] 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 (5) in connection with Article 25 (4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, and 
must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated 
March 22, 2022 [and the supplement(s) dated [•]] (the "Prospectus") as well as [the Final Terms (the "Original 
Final Terms") and] the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Original Terms and Conditions") [in the case 
of Long-form Conditions insert: (scheduled to these Final Terms)] set forth in the prospectus dated [December 1, 
2021] [May 6, 2020] [May 2, 2014] [May 2, 2013] (the "Original Prospectus"). The Terms and Conditions set 
out in the remainder of PART I have been extracted in whole from [PART I of the Original Final Terms] [the 
Original Terms and Conditions] and replace [PART I of the Final Terms] [the Terms and Conditions of the Notes] 
set out in the Prospectus in whole. [Capitalised terms used in the remainder of PART I but not otherwise defined 
therein shall have the meanings specified in the Original Terms and Conditions when used in the remainder of 
PART I.] Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and the issue of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms [in the case of Long-form Conditions insert: (including the Schedule 
hereto)], the Prospectus including any supplements to the Prospectus and the Original Prospectus. The Original 
Prospectus, the Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.volkswagenag.com/en/InvestorRelations.html) and copies may be obtained from Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft. Full information is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any 
supplement and these Final Terms.] 
Wichter Hinweis 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der 
jeweils geltenden Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 
22. März 2022 über das Programm [und [dem Nachtrag][den Nachträgen] dazu vom [•]] (der "Prospekt") zu 
lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) 
und 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.volkswagenag.com/de/InvestorRelations.html) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei der 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. Vollständige Informationen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Prospekt, etwaige Nachträge dazu zusammengenommen werden.] 
[Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der 
jeweils geltenden Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 
22. März 2022 über das Programm [und [dem Nachtrag][den Nachträgen] dazu vom [•]] (der "Prospekt") sowie 
mit [den Endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Original-Endgültigen Bedingungen") und] den Emissionsbedingungen 
(die "Original-Emissionsbedingungen") [im Fall von nicht-konsolidierten Bedingungen einfügen: (diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen als Anlage beigefügt)], die im Prospekt vom [1. Dezember 2021] [6. Mai 2020] 
[2. Mai 2014][2. Mai 2013] (der "Original-Prospekt") enthalten sind, zu lesen. Die in TEIL I nachfolgend 
aufgeführten Emissionsbedingungen sind insgesamt [TEIL I der Original-Endgültigen Bedingungen] [den 
Original-Emissionsbedingungen] entnommen und ersetzen insgesamt [den im Prospekt enthaltenen TEIL I der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen] [die im Prospekt enthaltenen Emissionsbedingungen]. [Begriffe, die in den Original-
Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die in TEIL I nachfolgend aufgeführten Emissionsbedingungen 
nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in den in TEIL I nachfolgend aufgeführten 
Emissionsbedingungen verwendet werden.] Vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin [, die Garantin] und 
über die Emission der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
[im Fall von nicht-konsolidierten Bedingungen einfügen: (einschließlich der Anlage)], des Prospekts 
einschließlich etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt und des Original-Prospekts erhältlich. Der Original-Prospekt 
und der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) 
und 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Volkswagen 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.volkswagenag.com/de/InvestorRelations.html) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich bei der 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft. Vollständige Informationen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, der Prospekt, etwaige Nachträge dazu zusammengenommen werden.]

--- Page 230 ---
- 222 - 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung 
der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) und Vervollständigung der betreffenden Leerstellen bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] language translation 
thereof, are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die [deutschsprachige] 
[englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option I (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier betreffende Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to 
the relevant provisions set forth in the [Prospectus] [Original Prospectus] as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
[with fixed interest rates] [with floating interest rates] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the [Prospectus] 
[Original-Prospectus] as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meanings specified in the set of Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen [mit fester Verzinsung] [mit variabler Verzinsung] Anwendung findet (die 
"Emissionsbedingungen"), zu lesen, die der als [Option I] [Option II] im [Prospekt] [Original-Prospekt] enthalten 
ist. Begriffe, die in dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet 
werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered Articles and subparagraphs are to Articles and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in the Final Terms which are either not selected 
or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beziehen und die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt werden oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.

--- Page 231 ---
- 223 - 
Language of Conditions4 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
German only 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
English only 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency 
[  ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[  ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
Specified Denomination5 
[  ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
Number of Notes to be issued in each Specified Denomination 
[  ] 
Anzahl der in jeder festgelegten Stückelung auszugebenden Schuldverschreibungen 
Minimum Principal Amount for Transfers (specify)6 
[  ] 
Mindestnennbetrag für Übertragungen (angeben) 
 
New Global Note7 
[Yes/No] 
New Global Note 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Classical Global Note8 
[Yes/No] 
Classical Global Note 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
TEFRA C Rules 
TEFRA C Rules 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
4 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
5 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in €, €100,000, or if in any currency other than €, in an amount in such other currency 
equivalent to €100,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes or such other minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Notes. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt €100.000, oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer anderen Währung als 
€ begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem 
Gegenwert von €100.000 entspricht oder solche andere Mindeststückelung, die von Zeit zu Zeit von der entsprechenden Zentralbank (oder 
entsprechenden Institution) oder durch anwendbare Gesetze oder Bestimmungen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zulässig oder 
erforderlich ist. 
6 
Only applicable in case of Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die in Renminbi denominiert sind anwendbar. 
7 
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
8 
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 232 ---
- 224 - 
 
TEFRA D Rules 
TEFRA D Rules 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
CLEARING SYSTEM 
CLEARING SYSTEM 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
65760 Eschborn 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. 
 
100 Adelaide Street West 
Toronto, Ontario 
M5H 1S3 
Canada 
 
Other – specify 
[insert name and address of Clearing System] 
 
Sonstige (angeben) 
[Name und Anschrift des Clearing Systems einfügen] 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[  ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[  ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[  ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[  ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount(s) (per Specified Denomination) 
[  ] 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) (für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[  ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
Final Broken Amount(s) (per Specified Denomination) 
[  ] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) (für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
[  ]

--- Page 233 ---
- 225 - 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[  ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
[  ] [weeks/months/other – specify] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[  ] [Wochen/Monate/andere – angeben] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[  ] [months/other–specify] 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[  ] [Monate/andere–angeben] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 
Financial Centre 
[insert all relevant 
 
 
Financial Centres] 
 
Finanzzentrum 
[alle relevanten 
 
 
Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
TARGET 
 
TARGET 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable 
 
 
number of months] 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
 
 
Monaten angeben] 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
Compounded Daily SONIA 
 
Screen Page 
[insert administrator and 
 
 
Screen Page] 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[Administrator und Bild- 
 
 
schirmseite einfügen] 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[5][number] London Business 
 
 
Days  
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[5][Zahl] Londoner 
 
 
Geschäftstage 
 
 
Observation Period 
[5][number] London Business Days 
 
 
 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
[5][Zahl] Londoner Geschäftstage 
 
SONIA Compounded Index 
SONIA Compounded Index

--- Page 234 ---
- 226 - 
 
Screen Page 
[insert administrator and 
 
 
Screen Page] 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[Administrator und Bild- 
 
 
schirmseite einfügen] 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[5][number] London Business 
 
 
Days  
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[5][Zahl] Londoner 
 
 
Geschäftstage 
 
Compounded SOFR  
Compounded SOFR 
Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Observation Shift]  
Beobachtungsmethode:  
 
 
 
 
 
[Lag] [Observation Shift]  
p: 
[five] [other number which may not be 
less than five without agreement of the 
Calculation Agent] 
p: 
 [fünf] 
[andere 
Zahl, 
die 
ohne 
Zustimmung der Berechnungsstelle nicht 
weniger als fünf sein darf] 
 
CDOR 
CDOR 
 
CDOR 
[insert applicable 
 
 
number of months] 
 
CDOR 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
 
 
Monaten angeben] 
 
Interest Period 
[  ] 
 
Zinsperiode 
[  ] 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[insert applicable number of 
 
 
Days and relevant location] 
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[Anzahl an Tagen und 
 
 
maßgeblichen Ort einfügen] 
 
Other Reference Rate 
[insert reference rate] 
Anderer Referenzsatz 
[Referenzsatz einfügen] 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert applicable 
 
 
number of months, 
 
 
reference rate] 
 
Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz 
[anwendbare Anzahl an 
 
 
Monaten und Referenzsatz 
 
 
angeben] 
 
Rounding Provision 
[  ] 
 
Rundungsregel 
[  ] 
 
Screen Page 
[insert administrator and 
 
 
Screen Page] 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[Administrator und Bild- 
 
 
schirmseite einfügen] 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[insert applicable number of 
 
 
Days and relevant location] 
 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
[Anzahl an Tagen und 
 
 
maßgeblichen Ort einfügen] 
Benchmark Event prior to the commencement of the first Interest 
Period (§ 3(4)(b)) 
[Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on

--- Page 235 ---
- 227 - 
which such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed] [[●] % per annum] 
Benchmark-Ereignis vor Beginn der ersten Zinsperiode (§ 3(4)(b)) 
[Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag 
vor dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem 
dieser Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt wurde] [[●] % per annum] 
Margin 
[[  ] per cent. per annum] 
[Not applicable] 
Marge 
[[  ] % per annum] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
plus 
plus 
 
minus 
minus 
Day Count Fraction9 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)10 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 
with annual interest payments 
mit jährlichen Zinsperioden  
 
Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Interest Period during which it falls (including in the 
case of short coupons) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist kürzer als die Zinsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder 
entspricht ihr (einschließlich im Falle eines kurzen Kupons) 
 
Calculation Period is longer than one Interest Period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Zinsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 
Interest Period11 
Zinsperiode 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[  ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/Actual ISDA 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
9 
Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
10 
In the case of first/last short or long Interest Periods insert appropriate Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) method. 
Bei ersten/letzten langen oder kurzen Zinsperioden entsprechende Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) Berechnungsmethode angeben. 
11 
Not applicable in the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) with annual interest payments (excluding the case of short or long coupons). 
Nicht anwendbar bei Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) mit jährlichen Zinsperioden (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen 
Kupons).

--- Page 236 ---
- 228 - 
 
Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method 
 
Other 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
TARGET 
[  ] 
TARGET 
 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all) 
[  ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date 
[  ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
Redemption Month 
[  ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja/Nein] 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[  ] 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
Higher Redemption Amount 
[  ] 
Höherer Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[  ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[  ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
Minimum Notice12 
[  ] 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
Maximum Notice 
[  ] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
 
12 
ICSDs require a minimum notice period of 5 business days. 
ICSDs verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von 5 Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 237 ---
- 229 - 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
[  ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[  ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
Minimum Notice13 
[  ] days 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[  ] Tage 
Maximum Notice (never more than 60 days) 
[  ] days 
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nie mehr als 60 Tage) 
[  ] Tage 
THE FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT](§6) 
DER FISCAL AGENT [,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
Calculation Agent 
[Yes/No]14 
Berechnungsstelle 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Fiscal Agent 
[insert name and address of calculation agent, if not the Fiscal Agent] 
[  ] 
[Falls Berechnungsstelle nicht der Fiscal Agent, Name und Anschrift der Berechnungsstelle einfügen] 
AMENDMENT 
OF 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS; 
HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, 
AMENDMENT 
OF THE GUARANTEE] [(§ 11)] 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] [(§ 11)] 
 
 
Majority requirements 
Mehrheitserfordernisse 
 
Qualified majority: [75 per cent.] 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit: [75 %] 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger 
 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Bedingungen 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative  
 
 
(specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters  
 
(Einzelheiten einfügen) 
NOTICES ([§ 12]) 
MITTEILUNGEN ([§ 12]) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
Germany (Federal Gazette) 
Deutschland (Bundesanzeiger) 
 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
13 
ICSDs require a minimum notice period of 15 business days. 
ICSDs verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von 15 Geschäftstagen. 
14 
In case of Fixed Rate Notes only applicable if denominated in Renminbi. 
Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nur anwendbar, wenn diese in Renminbi denominiert sind.

--- Page 238 ---
- 230 - 
 
Clearing System 
 
[specify other place and medium of publication] 
[  ] 
[sonstigen Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung angeben]

--- Page 239 ---
- 231 - 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION15 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. 
Essential Information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission beteiligt sind 
[specify interests of natural and legal persons material to the issue, if known to the Issuer and not already disclosed] 
[Interessen von natürlichen und juristischen Personen, die wesentlich für die Emission und nicht bereits 
veröffentlicht sind, hier angeben] 
 
Use of Proceeds 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[specify reasons for the issue, if different from general financing purposes of the Volkswagen Group] 
[Gründe für die Emission einfügen, sofern nicht der allgemeinen Unternehmensfinanzierung der 
Volkswagen Gruppe dienend] 
[If applicable, insert and adjust/complete: An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the [Title of 
relevant Series of Notes] ("Green Bond") is intended to be used exclusively to finance or refinance Green 
Projects as described below. 
Until the maturity of the Notes, in case of divestment or cancellation of an allocated Green Project, or if 
an allocated project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, the Issuer commits to reallocate the proceeds 
to other Green Projects depending on availability.][further details to be included][●] 
[Falls einschlägig, einfügen und anpassen bzw. vervollständigen: Ein Betrag, der den Nettoerlösen der 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] ("Green Bond") entspricht, ist dazu 
vorgesehen, um Grüne Projekte (wie nachfolgend beschrieben) zu finanzieren oder zu refinanzieren. 
Im Falle der Veräußerung oder des Entfalls eines zugeteilten Grünen Projekts oder falls ein zugeteiltes 
Grünes Projekt nicht mehr den Zuteilungskriterien entspricht, verpflichtet sich die Emittentin, bis zur 
Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen, die Erträge anderen Grünen Projekten, abhängig von deren 
Verfügbarkeit, neu zuzuteilen.][weitere Informationen ergänzen][●] 
Estimated net proceeds 
[  ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
Estimated total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[  ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
 
15 
There is no obligation to complete Part B of the Final Terms in its entirety, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the EEA or in the UK. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil B der Endgültigen Bedingungen vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an 
einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des EWR oder im UK zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen.

--- Page 240 ---
- 232 - 
Eurosystem eligibility 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (NGN)16 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN) 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" lediglich bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer verwahrt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach 
Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom 
Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden, 
diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass dies nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der 
taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)
17 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF) 
[Note that the ticked box means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt and that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass das Häkchen in dem Kästchen bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden und dass dies nicht notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems 
und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-day credit operations) des Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
 
Not applicable (CGN)18 
 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN) 
 
 
16 
Only applicable for Notes in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper. Select 
"No" if the Notes are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. 
Nur bei Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen von einem ICSD als 
common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vom common service provider als common 
safekeeper gehalten werden sollen. 
17 
Select if the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden sollen. 
18 
Select if the Notes are in CGN form. 
 
Wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben werden.

--- Page 241 ---
- 233 - 
B. 
Information concerning the securities to be admitted to trading 
Informationen über die zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
[Temporary] Common Code 
[  ] 
[Vorläufiger] Common Code 
[Temporary] ISIN 
[  ] 
[Vorläufige] ISIN 
[Temporary] CUSIP 
[  ] 
[Vorläufige] CUSIP 
[Temporary] German Securities Code 
[  ] 
[Vorläufige] Deutsche Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)]19 
[  ] 
[Emittenten – und Instrumenten- Kurzname (FISN)] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI Code)]20 
[  ] 
[Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI Code)] 
 
Any other securities number 
[  ] 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
Yield21 
[  ] 
Rendite 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organisation representing the 
investors and provisions applying to such representation. 
Indication of the website investors may have free access 
to the contracts relating to these forms of representation 
[Not applicable] 
[specify details, including an identification of the 
organisation representing the investors, provisions 
applying to such representation and an indication of the 
website investors may have free access to the contracts 
relating to these forms of representation] 
Vertretung der Inhaber von Nichtdividendenwerten unter 
Angabe der die Anleger vertretenden Organisation und 
der auf die Vertretung anwendbaren Bestimmungen. 
Angabe der Website, auf der die Öffentlichkeit kostenlos 
die Verträge einsehen kann, die diese Vertretung regeln 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, Einzelheiten der die Anleger 
vertretenden Organisation, der auf die Vertretung 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen und Website, auf der die 
Öffentlichkeit kostenlos die Verträge einsehen kann, die 
diese Vertretung regeln, einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact 
details of the person asking for admission to trading, 
including the legal entity identifier (LEI) where the 
person has legal personality 
[Not applicable] 
[specify details] 
Sofern die die Zulassung zum Handel beantragende 
Person nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist, 
Angabe der Identität und der Kontaktdaten dieser 
Person, einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), 
falls die Person Rechtspersönlichkeit hat 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
 
19 
If the FISN is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not Applicable". 
Wenn der FISN nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
20 
If the CFI Code is not required or requested, it should be specified to be "Not Applicable". 
Wenn der CFI Code nicht notwendig oder gefordert ist, sollte angegeben werden, dass er "Nicht anwendbar" ist. 
21 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 242 ---
- 234 - 
Selling Restrictions 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen 
The Selling Restrictions set out in the Prospectus shall apply. 
Es gelten die im Basisprospekt wiedergegebenen Verkaufsbeschränkungen. 
 
TEFRA C Rules 
TEFRA C Rules 
 
TEFRA D Rules 
TEFRA D Rules 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[insert 
details 
of 
Stabilising 
dealer/manager/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten 
zum 
kursstabilisierenden 
Dealer/Manager einfügen/keiner] 
C. 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme  
 
 
 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Luxembourg Regulated Market 
Luxemburg Regulierter Markt 
 
Other Stock Exchanges  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[  ] 
 
Andere Wertpapierbörsen 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[  ] 
 
No Listing 
Kein Listing 
Expected Date of admission 
[  ] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung 
D. 
Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating22 
[not applicable] 
Rating 
[nicht anwendbar] 
[The [Programme has][Issuer has][Notes to be issued have] been rated by: 
[Das Programm wurde][Die Emittentin wurde][Die zu begebenden Schuldverschreibungen wurden] von: 
[S&P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
[[Others]: [ ]] 
[[Andere]: [ ]] 
geratet. 
[This credit rating has] [These credit ratings have] been issued by [insert full name of legal entity which has given 
the rating] which 
[Dieses Rating wurde][Diese Ratings wurden] von [vollständigen Namen der juristischen Person, die das Rating 
abgibt einfügen] abgegeben. [vollständigen Namen der juristischen Person, die das Rating abgibt einfügen] 
[is not established in the European Union but a European Union affiliate has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009, as amended, 
 
22 
If the Notes are rated on an individual basis, insert. Insert rating of issuer if Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Insert brief 
explanation of the meaning of ratings, if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
Wenn ein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, dieses angeben. Wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorliegt, das Rating der Emittentin angeben. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen, wenn sie erst unlängst von der 
Ratingagentur erstellt wurden.

--- Page 243 ---
- 235 - 
on credit rating agencies indicating an intention to endorse its ratings, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision (including its ability to endorse [insert name of non European entity]'s ratings) has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[hat [ihren][seinen] Sitz nicht in der Europäischen Union, aber eine europäische Tochtergesellschaft hat die 
Registrierung gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, beantragt und die Absicht angezeigt, 
Ratings abzugeben, obwohl die entsprechende Registrierungsentscheidung (einschließlich der Entscheidung über 
die Nutzung von Ratings, die von [Name der nicht in der EU ansässigen Ratingagentur angeben] abgegeben 
wurden) durch die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt wurde.] 
[is established in the European Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009, as amended, on credit rating agencies, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[hat [ihren][seinen] Sitz in der Europäischen Union und die Registrierung gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung, 
beantragt, 
wenngleich die 
Registrierungsentscheidung 
der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde noch nicht zugestellt worden ist.] 
[[is][is not] established in the European Union and [is][is not] registered [(pursuant to the list of registered and 
certified credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu))] under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
September 16, 2009, as amended, on credit rating agencies.]] 
[[hat][ihren][seinen] Sitz [nicht] in der Europäischen Union und [ist][ist nicht] [(laut der Liste der registrierten 
und zertifizierten Kreditratingagenturen, veröffentlicht auf der Internetseite der European Securities and Markets 
Authority (www.esma.europa.eu))] gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, registriert.]]] 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation  
 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung23 
 
Benchmark 
[insert name of the Benchmark] 
Benchmark 
[Namen 
der 
Benchmark 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert 
name 
of 
the 
Administrator] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
by 
virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation apply], such that 
[insert name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain 
[insert 
in 
case 
relevant 
administrator is located within 
the 
EEA: 
authorisation 
or 
registration] [insert in case 
relevant 
administrator 
is 
 
23 Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen.

--- Page 244 ---
- 236 - 
located 
outside 
the 
EEA: 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence].] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und 
Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung 
eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 (die 
"Benchmark-Verordnung") 
erstellte 
und 
geführte 
Register 
der 
Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
[fällt [Benchmark einfügen] 
aufgrund von Artikel 2 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung nicht in 
den 
Anwendungsbereich 
der 
Benchmark-Verordnung] [gelten 
die 
Übergangsbestimmungen 
nach Artikel 51 der Benchmark-
Verordnung], 
weshalb 
für 
[Namen 
des 
Administrators 
einfügen] 
derzeit 
keine 
[einfügen, wenn der betreffende 
Administrator innerhalb des 
EWR ansässig ist: Zulassungs- 
oder 
Registrierungspflicht] 
[einfügen, wenn der betreffende 
Administrator außerhalb des 
EWR 
ansässig 
ist: 
Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] 
besteht.] 
[Exchange Rate24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
Wechselkurs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●]] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Final Terms as set out in the Responsibility 
Statement on page iii of the Prospectus provided that, with respect to any information included herein and specified 
to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Die Emittentin übernimmt die Verantwortung für die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Informationen, wie im Responsibility Statement auf Seite iii des Prospekts bestimmt. Hinsichtlich der hierin 
enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin 
bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – wurden keine 
Fakten unterschlagen, deren Auslassung die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten 
würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine 
Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
24  To be inserted in the case of Notes not denominated in Euro where the relevant exchange rate to determine the Programme limit is not 
determined or published by the electronic information provider Reuters on page ECB37 or such other screen page of any other information 
service. 
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen die nicht in Euro denominiert sind, wenn entsprechender Wechselkurs zur Bestimmung des 
Programmlimits nicht vom elektronischen Informationsdienst Reuters auf Seite ECB37 oder auf der Seite eines anderen 
Informationsdienstes ermittelt oder veröffentlicht wird.

--- Page 245 ---
- 237 - 
[Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
[Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
[VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
[Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)]

--- Page 246 ---
- 238 - 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used 
for general financing purposes of the Volkswagen Group.  
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer may apply the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for 
Green Projects as described in the applicable Final Terms and in the Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 247 ---
- 239 - 
12. 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A POTENTIAL INVESTOR OF 
NOTES, OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A POTENTIAL INVESTOR OF NOTES IS SUBJECT TO 
TAXATION, AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S AND/OR GUARANTOR'S COUNTRY 
OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
POTENTIAL INVESTORS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS 
AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
OF GERMANY, THE LAWS OF THE NETHERLANDS, THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA AND THE LAWS OF CANADA AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS.

--- Page 248 ---
- 240 - 
13. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
13.1 
Clearing Systems 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including CBF, and/or CBL, and/or 
Euroclear, and/or CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS")) has/have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance and provide any further appropriate information. 
13.1.1 
CDS 
Where specified in the relevant Final Terms, clearing and settlement of certain issues of Notes denominated in 
Canadian Dollars will be conducted by CDS applying the TEFRA C Rules. CDS was formed in November 2006 
pursuant to the restructuring of The Canadian Depository for Securities Limited ("CDS Ltd"). CDS is wholly 
owned by CDS Ltd. CDS Ltd. was incorporated in 1970 and remains the holding company for CDS and two other 
operating subsidiaries and is Canada's national securities clearing and depository services organisation. CDS Ltd. 
was acquired in August 2012 by Maple Group Acquisition Corporation (renamed TMX Group Limited). 
Functioning as a services utility for the Canadian financial community, CDS provides a variety of computer-
automated services for financial institutions and investment dealers active in domestic and international capital 
markets. CDS participants ("CDS Participants") include banks (including the Canadian Subcustodians (as defined 
below)), investment dealers and trust companies and may include certain of the dealers under the Programme or 
the Managers. Indirect access to CDS is available to other organisations that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a CDS Participant. Transfers of ownership and other interests, including cash distributions, in 
Notes in CDS may only be processed through CDS Participants and will be completed in accordance with existing 
CDS rules and procedures. CDS operates in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary and Vancouver to centralise securities 
clearing functions through a central securities depository. 
CDS Ltd. is the exclusive clearing house for equity trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange and also clears a 
substantial volume of over the counter equities and bonds. The address for CDS is 85 Richmond Street West, 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5H 2C9. 
13.1.2 
CDS Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
Initial settlement for Notes settling in CDS will be made in immediately available Canadian dollar funds. Such 
Notes will be held by CDS & CO., as nominee of CDS. Beneficial interests in the relevant Global Note will be 
represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct 
and indirect participants in CDS. Investors may elect to hold interests in the Global Note directly through any of 
CDS (in Canada) or Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. (in Europe) if they are 
participants of such systems, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such systems. Links 
have been established among CDS, Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. to facilitate issuance of Notes and 
cross-market transfers of Notes associated with secondary market trading. Euroclear and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in their respective 
names on the books of their respective Canadian subcustodians, each of which is a Canadian Schedule 1 chartered 
bank ("Canadian Subcustodians"), which in turn will hold such interests in customers' securities accounts in the 
names of the Canadian Subcustodians on the books of CDS. CDS will be directly linked to Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. through the CDS accounts of their respective Canadian Subcustodians. 
Beneficial holders of interests in the relevant Global Note will need to look to CDS and its participants through 
which they own interests in the Notes for any payment or to exercise any rights in respect of the Notes. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor have no responsibility for the actions of CDS or its participants, and a beneficial holder's ability 
to receive payments or exercise any rights in respect of the Notes will be subject to their procedures. 
Secondary market trading between CDS Participants will be in accordance with market conventions applicable to 
transactions in book-based Canadian domestic bonds. Secondary market trading between Clearstream Banking 
S.A. participants and/or Euroclear participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable 
rules and operating procedures of Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear and will be settled using the procedures 
applicable to conventional Eurobonds in immediately available funds. 
13.1.2.1 Transfers between CDS and Clearstream Banking S.A. or Euroclear 
Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through CDS Participants, on the one hand, 
and directly or indirectly through Clearstream Banking S.A. or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be effected 
in CDS in accordance with CDS rules. However, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of 
instructions to the relevant clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and

--- Page 249 ---
- 241 - 
procedures and within its established deadlines. The relevant clearing system will, if the transaction meets its 
settlement requirements, deliver instructions to CDS directly or through its Canadian Subcustodian to take action 
to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving Notes in CDS, and making or receiving payment 
in accordance with normal procedures for settlement in CDS. Clearstream Banking S.A. participants and Euroclear 
participants may not deliver instructions directly to CDS or the Canadian Subcustodians. 
Because of time-zone differences, credits of Notes received in Clearstream Banking S.A. or Euroclear as a result 
of a transaction with a CDS Participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated 
the business day following the CDS settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such Notes settled during 
such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream Banking S.A. participants or Euroclear participants 
on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream Banking S.A. or Euroclear as a result of sales of Notes by or 
through a Clearstream Banking S.A. participant or a Euroclear participant to a CDS Participant will be received 
with value on the CDS settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream Banking S.A. or Euroclear 
cash account only as of the business day following settlement in CDS. 
13.2 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
Certain Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from and creditors of any of the Issuers and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for any of the Issuers and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account 
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuers or the Issuers' affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with either of the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
13.3 
Listing of Notes and admission to trading 
Application has been made to list the Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and for admission to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
However, Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any 
other stock exchange. 
13.4 
Rating 
The following ratings have been assigned to Volkswagen AG at the date of this Prospectus: 
S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited 
 
 
 
Rating 
Short term 
Long term 
Outlook 
Volkswagen AG 
A-2 
BBB + 
Stable 
Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH 
 
 
 
Rating 
Short term 
Long term 
Outlook 
Volkswagen AG 
P-2 
A3 
Stable 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability 
of the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 250 ---
- 242 - 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") are established in 
the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of March 11, 2011 (the "CRA Regulation"). The European Securities 
and Markets Authority publishes on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under 
Articles 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official 
Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
More information regarding the meaning of the rating and the qualifications which have to be observed in 
connection therewith can be found on Moody's and S&P's websites.  
13.5 
Method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure 
The Issuer will determine the issue price for each Tranche of Notes in its sole discretion taking into consideration 
general interest levels and the demand of prospective investors as shown in the book building process for such 
Tranche of Notes and after consultation of the financial institutions involved in the issue. The issue price so 
determined will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, if required. 
13.6 
Method of calculating the yield  
The method to determine the yield of Fixed Rate Notes not denominated in Canadian Dollar and held by CDS is 
the ICMA method. The ICMA method determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued 
interest on a daily basis. The yield of Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Canadian Dollar and held by CDS is 
determined at the issue date on the basis of the issue price in accordance with the Actual/Actual Canadian 
Compound Method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a 
daily basis. It is not an indication of future yield. 
13.7 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme in the aggregate principal amount of DM 1,500,000,000 was duly authorised 
by resolutions of (a) the Board of Management of VWAG of May 10, 1993 and the Supervisory Board of VWAG 
of June 2, 1993, (b) the Management Board of VIF of April 8, 1994, (c) the Board of Directors of CCB of 
March 15, 1994 and (d) the Board of Directors of Volkswagen Investment Limited of August 19, 1993 and 
of March 30, 1994. 
The participation of VCCI in the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of (a) the Board of Management 
of VWAG of May 2, 2007 and the Supervisory Board of VWAG of May 11, 2007 and (b) the Board of Directors 
of VCCI of September 4, 2007 and (c) subsequently reconfirmed in the VCCI Board of Directors resolution of 
May 5, 2020. 
The latest increase of the maximum aggregate nominal amount of the Programme to € 30,000,000,000 was duly 
authorised by resolutions of (a) the Board of Management (Vorstand) of VWAG of January 28, 2014 and 
authorised by the Supervisory Board (Aufsichstrat) of VWAG of February 21, 2014, (b) the Management Board 
(Vorstand) of VIF of March 27, 2014 and the Supervisory Board (Aufsichstrat) of VIF of March 31, 2014, and 
(c) the Board of Directors of VCCI of April 28, 2014. 
The participation of VWGoAF in the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of (a) the Board of 
Management of VWAG of February 3, 2015 and the Supervisory Board of VWAG of February 27, 2015 and 
(b) the Board of Directors of VWGoAF of April 29, 2015. 
In respect of the issuance of Notes under the Programme, no further resolutions, authorisations or approvals are 
required. 
13.8 
Bank Act (Canada) 
VCCI is not a member institution of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation. Any liability incurred by VCCI 
through the issuance and sale of such Notes and any Receipts or Coupons does not constitute a deposit, as such 
term is defined in the Bank Act (Canada). VCCI is not regulated as a financial institution in Canada. 
13.9 
Interest Act (Canada) 
For purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) and disclosure thereunder, wherever any interest to be paid upon Notes 
issued by VCCI is to be calculated on the basis of a 360-day or 365-day year, the yearly rate of interest to which 
the rate used in such calculation is equivalent is the rate so used multiplied by one actual number of days in the

--- Page 251 ---
- 243 - 
calendar year in which the same is to be ascertained and divided by 360 or 365, as applicable. The rates of interest 
under Notes issued by VCCI are nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. The principle of deemed 
reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest calculation under Notes issued by VCCI.

--- Page 252 ---
- 244 - 
14. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
14.1 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by each Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of 
each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by each Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers specified herein or any 
additional or other Dealers appointed in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (the "Dealers"). The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuers to, and purchased by, Dealers are set 
out in a dealer agreement dated March 22, 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuers and the 
Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the respective Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. A Subscription Agreement prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes will 
typically be dated on or about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 253 ---
- 245 - 
15. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
15.1 
United States of America  
(a) 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
severally agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, with 
the Issuers and the Guarantor (in its capacity as such) that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, 
that it has only offered and sold the Notes, and it will only offer or sell the Notes of any identifiable 
Tranche (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of (A) the 
commencement of the offering of such Tranche by the relevant Dealer and (B) the closing date of the 
Tranche of Notes, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Each Dealer has severally 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
with the Issuers and the Guarantor (in its capacity as such), that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
Notes in the United States, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer severally has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, with the Issuers and the Guarantor (in its capacity as such), that, 
at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving 
a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes and Guarantee covered hereby have not been registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of (A) the commencement of the offering 
of such Tranche of Notes as determined by the relevant Dealer and (B) the closing date of the 
sale of such Tranche of Notes, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
(b) 
Notes, issued by any issuer other than VWGoAF that have an initial maturity of more than one year, will 
be issued (i) in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C), or substantially 
identical successor provisions (the "TEFRA C Rules"), or (ii) in accordance with the provisions of U.S. 
Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), or substantially identical successor provisions (the "TEFRA D 
Rules"), as specified in the Final Terms. Notes issued by VCCI that have an initial maturity of more than 
one year (other than those held by CDS, which will be issued in accordance with the TEFRA C Rules) 
will be issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules. 
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, 
Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance by an issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not significantly engage 
in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that it, in connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form has not offered sold 
or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the 
United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, 
that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will 
not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the 
TEFRA C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules or Notes issued by 
VWGoAF with a maturity of 183 days or less, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken 
that:

--- Page 254 ---
- 246 - 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA 
D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes 
of resale, in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or substantially identical successor provision; and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's 
behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the 
Notes and the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (b) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
(c) 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes and the Issue 
Date therefor, an offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any Dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Prospectus does not constitute and is not to be construed as a public 
offering of Notes in any jurisdiction in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada 
has reviewed this Prospectus or has in any way passed upon the merits of Notes offered hereunder. No prospectus 
has been filed with any such authority in connection with Notes offered hereunder. Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed that it: (a) has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in any province or territory of Canada or to any person that is resident in any 
province or territory of Canada for the purposes of securities laws applicable therein (including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of any jurisdiction in Canada), except pursuant to an available exemption 
from the prospectus requirements and registration requirements of, or otherwise in compliance with, the securities 
laws applicable in any of the provinces or territories of Canada; (b) will not distribute or deliver this Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to Notes, in Canada in contravention of the securities laws or regulations of 
any province or territory; and (c) in the case of Notes offered outside Canada, it will deliver to any purchaser who 
purchases from it any Notes issued by VCCI a notice stating that, by purchasing such Notes, such purchaser 
represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any of such Notes 
in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof, except in compliance with applicable Canadian 
provincial and territorial securities laws or pursuant to available exemptions thereof and will deliver to any other 
purchaser to whom it sells any of such Notes a notice containing substantially the same statement as in this 
sentence. 
In respect of any offers of Notes in Canada, each Dealer on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates that participates 
in the initial distribution of any Notes, has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
the sale and delivery of any Notes to any purchaser who is a resident of Canada or otherwise subject to 
the laws of Canada or who is purchasing for a principal who is a resident of Canada or otherwise subject 
to the laws of Canada (each such purchaser and principal a "Canadian Purchaser") by it shall be made 
so as to be exempt from the prospectus filing requirements and exempt from or in compliance with the 
dealer registration requirements of all applicable securities laws and regulations, rulings and orders made 
thereunder and rules, instruments and policy statements issued and adopted by the relevant securities 
regulator or regulatory authority, including those applicable in each of the provinces and territories of 
Canada (the "Canadian Securities Laws");

--- Page 255 ---
- 247 - 
(b) 
where required under applicable Canadian Securities Laws, (i) it is appropriately registered under the 
applicable Canadian Securities Laws in each province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes to each 
Canadian Purchaser that is a resident of, or otherwise subject to the Canadian Securities Laws of, such 
province or territory, and to whom it sells or delivers any Notes or (ii) such sale and delivery will be made 
through an affiliate of it that is so registered and agrees to make such sale and delivery in compliance 
with the representations, warranties and agreements of the relevant Dealer set out herein; 
(c) 
it will comply with all relevant Canadian Securities Laws concerning any resale of the Notes and will 
prepare, execute, deliver and file all documentation required by applicable Canadian Securities Laws to 
permit each resale by it of Notes to a Canadian Purchaser; 
(d) 
it will ensure that each Canadian Purchaser purchasing from it (i) has represented to it that such Canadian 
Purchaser is a resident in, and subject to the Canadian Securities Laws of, a province or territory of 
Canada, or is a corporation, partnership or other entity, resident and created in or organised under the 
laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof, (ii) has represented to it that such Canadian Purchaser 
is an "accredited investor" as defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus and 
Registration Exemptions "NI 45-106" or, if in Ontario, subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) 
and which category set forth in the relevant definition of "accredited investor" in NI 45-106 correctly and 
in all respects describe such Canadian Purchaser, and is also a "Canadian permitted client" as such term 
is defined in National Instrument 31-103 – Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations, (iii) has represented to it that such Canadian Purchaser is not a person created or 
used solely to purchase or hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) of the 
definition of "accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106 and (iv) consents to disclosure of all 
required information about the purchase to the relevant Canadian securities regulatory authorities; 
(e) 
the offer and sale of the Notes was not made through or accompanied by any advertisement of the Notes, 
including, without limitation, in printed media of general and regular paid circulation, radio, television or 
telecommunications, including electronic display, or any other form of advertising or as part of a general 
solicitation in Canada; 
(f) 
it has not provided and will not provide to any Canadian Purchaser any document or other material that 
would constitute an offering memorandum (other than the Canadian offering memorandum relevant to 
the offering and sale of the Notes prepared in connection with the issue of the Notes (the "Canadian 
Offering Memorandum")); 
(g) 
it will ensure that each Canadian Purchaser is advised that no securities commission, stock exchange or 
other similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon the Canadian 
Offering Memorandum or the merits of the Notes described therein, nor has any such securities 
commission, stock exchange or other similar regulatory authority in Canada made any recommendation 
or endorsement with respect to, the Notes; 
(h) 
it has not made and it will not make any written or oral representations to any Canadian Purchaser: 
(i) 
that any person will resell or repurchase the Notes purchased by such Canadian Purchaser; 
(ii) 
that the Notes will be freely tradeable by the Canadian Purchaser without any restrictions or hold 
periods; 
(iii) 
that any person will refund the purchase price of the Notes; or 
(iv) 
as to the future price or value of the Notes; and 
(i) 
it will inform each Canadian Purchaser: 
(i) 
that the relevant Issuer is not a "reporting issuer" (as such term is defined under applicable 
Securities Laws) and is not, and may never be, a reporting issuer in any province, or territory of 
Canada and there currently is no public market in Canada for any of the Notes, and one may 
never develop; 
(ii) 
that the Notes will be subject to resale restrictions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws; 
and 
(iii) 
such Canadian Purchaser's name and other specified information will be disclosed to the relevant 
Canadian securities regulators or regulatory authorities and may become available to the public 
in accordance with applicable laws.

--- Page 256 ---
- 248 - 
15.2 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
15.3 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
15.4 
Peoples' Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the 
PRC (which, for such purposes, does not include the Hong Kong or Macau Special Administrative Region or 
Taiwan). Neither this Prospectus nor any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein 
relating to the Notes, which have not been and will not be submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with 
the China Securities Regulatory Commission ("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities 
in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, may be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in 
connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. The material or information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. The Notes may only be invested by PRC investors 
that are authorised to engage in the purchase of the Notes of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are 
responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences, verification and/or registrations 
themselves, including, but not limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange, CSRC, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, 
and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange 
regulations and/or overseas investment regulations. 
15.5 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme is required to 
represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes, 
except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO"), other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "Prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "CWUMPO") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 257 ---
- 249 - 
15.6 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
15.7 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The Notes 
may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
15.8 
General 
In addition to the specific restrictions set out above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will observe all 
applicable provisions of securities law in each jurisdiction in or from which it may offer or sell Notes or distribute 
any offering material.

--- Page 258 ---
- 250 - 
16. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
16.1 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this Prospectus 
and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Prospectus, as set out under "Cross 
Reference List of information incorporated by reference" below: 
1. Annual Report 2021 of VWAG 
2. Annual Report 2020 of VWAG 
3. Financial Statements 2021 of VIF 
4. Financial Statements 2020 of VIF 
5. Financial Statements 2021 and 2020 of VCCI as of December 31, 2021 
6. Financial Statements 2021 and 2020 of VWGoAF as of December 31, 2021 
7. Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated December 1, 2021 of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V., VW Credit Canada Inc./Crédit VW Canada Inc. and 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
8. Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated May 6, 2020 of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, Volkswagen 
International Finance N.V., VW Credit Canada Inc./Crédit VW Canada Inc. and Volkswagen Group of 
America Finance, LLC 
9. Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated May 2, 2014 of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, Volkswagen 
International Finance N.V., VW Credit, Inc., VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc., 
Volkswagen International Luxembourg S.A. and Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H. 
10. Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated May 2, 2013 of Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft, Volkswagen 
International Finance N.V., VW Credit, Inc., VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc., 
Volkswagen International Luxembourg S.A. and Porsche Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H.  
16.2 
Cross Reference List of information incorporated by reference 
Page of Prospectus 
Section 
Pages of document incorporated by reference 
Page 55 
VWAG 
as 
Issuer 
and 
Guarantor 
– 
Historical 
Financial Information 
− 
Annual Report 2021 of VWAG (English 
language version): 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100062a3d8911043a0998b851
3f75a3543 
 
 
• 
Income Statement of the Volkswagen 
Group for the period January 1 to 
December 31, 2021 (p. 219) 
 
 
• 
Statement of Comprehensive Income of 
the Volkswagen Group for the Period 
January 1 to December 31, 2021 (p. 220-
221) 
 
 
• 
Balance Sheet of the Volkswagen Group 
as of December 31, 2021 (p. 222-223) 
 
 
• 
Statement of Changes in Equity of the 
Volkswagen Group for the period 
January 1 to December 31, 2021 (p 224-
225) 
 
 
• 
Cash Flow Statement of the Volkswagen 
Group for the period January 1 to 
December 31, 2021 (p. 226)

--- Page 259 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
• 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Volkswagen Group as 
of December 31, 2021 (p. 227-372) 
 
 
− Independent Auditor's Report in respect of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 of 
VWAG25 (p. 374-387) 
Page 55 
 
− 
Annual Report 2020 of VWAG (English 
language version): 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101894b54d5c7749ef9d40b79
d9c6f105e 
 
 
• 
Income Statement of the Volkswagen 
Group for the period January 1 to 
December 31, 2020 (p. 207) 
 
 
• 
Statement of Comprehensive Income of 
the Volkswagen Group for the Period 
January 1 to December 31, 2020 (p. 208-
209) 
 
 
• 
Balance Sheet of the Volkswagen Group 
as of December 31, 2020 (p. 210-211) 
 
 
• 
Statement of Changes in Equity of the 
Volkswagen Group for the period 
January 1 to December 31, 2020 (p 212-
213) 
 
 
• 
Cash Flow Statement of the Volkswagen 
Group for the period January 1 to 
December 31, 2020 (p. 214) 
 
 
• 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Volkswagen Group as 
of December 31, 2020 (p. 215-350) 
 
 
− 
Independent Auditor's Report in respect of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2020 of 
VWAG26 (p. 352-363) 
Page 75 
VIF as Issuer - Historical 
Financial Information 
− 
Financial Statements 2021 of VIF: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101ca11bc3007f470b82815b3e
27ac58bd 
 
 
• 
Statement of financial position as at 
31 December 2021 (p. 9) 
 
 
• 
Statement of income and comprehensive 
income for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (p. 10) 
 
 
• 
Statement of changes in equity for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 (p. 11) 
 
25 
The independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) refers to the consolidated financial statements 
and the group management report, which is combined with VWAG's management report (combined management report of Volkswagen 
Group and VWAG), of VWAG as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a whole and not solely to the consolidated financial 
statements incorporated by reference. 
26 
The independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen Abschlussprüfers) refers to the consolidated financial statements 
and the group management report, which is combined with VWAG's management report (combined management report of Volkswagen 
Group and VWAG), of VWAG as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 as a whole and not solely to the consolidated financial 
statements incorporated by reference.

--- Page 260 ---
- 252 - 
 
 
• 
Statement of cash flows for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (p. 12) 
 
 
• 
Notes to the annual financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(p. 13-89) 
 
 
− 
Independent Auditor's Report 2021 
(p. 91-96) 
Page 75 
 
− 
Financial Statements 2020 of VIF: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d8a0757e6efb4739bbf13a97
373e2692 
 
 
• 
Balance Sheet as at December 31, 2020 
(p. 8-9) 
 
 
• 
Income Statement 2020 (p. 10) 
 
 
• 
Cash Flow Statement 2020 (p. 11) 
 
 
• 
Notes to the financial statements 
(p. 12-38) 
 
 
− 
Independent Auditor's Report 2020 
(p. 40-44) 
Page 81 
VCCI as Issuer - Historical 
Financial Information 
− 
Financial Statements as of December 31, 2021 
and 2020: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105886d23ad9a44b61a082fe73
c421684a 
 
 
• 
Report 
of 
Independent 
Auditors 
(p.1-2) 
 
 
• 
Consolidated Income Statement (p. 3) 
 
 
• 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income (p. 4) 
 
 
• 
Consolidated Balance Sheets (p. 5) 
 
 
• 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity (p. 6) 
 
 
• 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(p. 7) 
 
 
• 
Notes 
to 
Financial 
Statements  
(p. 8-61) 
Page 78 
VWGoAF 
as 
Issuer 
– Historical 
Financial 
Information 
− 
Financial Statements for the years ended 
December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ad80be41133d4a94ac72833
98b5533a7

--- Page 261 ---
- 253 - 
 
 
• 
Report 
of 
Independent 
Auditors 
(p. 3-4)  
 
 
• 
Balance Sheet (p. 5) 
 
 
• 
Statement 
of 
Operations 
and 
Comprehensive Income (p. 6) 
 
 
• 
Statement of Changes in Shareholder's 
Equity (p. 7) 
 
 
• 
Statements of Cash Flows (p. 8) 
 
 
• 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
(p. 9-27) 
 
Form of Final Terms 
− Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 
May 2, 2013 of Volkswagen: 
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(p. 136 – 287) 
• 
Form of Final Terms, Part I. (p. 293 – 
301) 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1086b9dfed676d41d3a354cce2
4020ab3b 
 
Form of Final Terms 
− Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 
May 2, 2014 of Volkswagen: 
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(p. 137 – 276) 
• 
Form of Final Terms, Part I. (p. 282 – 
291) 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10926e94df0af54fe0aca8495a8
07f239e 
 
Form of Final Terms 
− Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 
May 6, 2020 of Volkswagen: 
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(p. 85 – 194) 
• 
Form of Final Terms, Part I. (p. 202 – 
210) 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f76bd56fb6c747659ccfd6ba
e6960ae2 
 
Form of Final Terms 
− Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 
December 1, 2021 of Volkswagen: 
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(p. 94 – 212) 
• 
Form of Final Terms, Part I. (p. 221 – 
230) 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10df8fb9185ef74674b080b239
6b07a9e8 
 
The English language consolidated financial statements of VWAG as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and December 31, 2020 and the English language independent auditor's reports thereon set out above and 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus are translations of the respective German language consolidated 
financial 
statements 
and 
independent 
auditor's 
reports 
(Bestätigungsvermerke 
des 
unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers).

--- Page 262 ---
- 254 - 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or covered 
in another part of this Prospectus. 
The source documents from which the information mentioned above has been incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and may be 
inspected and are available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) as long as any Notes are 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require. 
16.3 
Availability of Documents 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto, if any, and any documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic copies of the following documents will be available at the websites specified below for twelve months 
from the date of this Prospectus: 
• 
the Articles of Association (Satzung) of the Guarantor: 
https://www.volkswagenag.com/en/InvestorRelations/corporate-governance/publications.html 
• 
the Articles of Association of VIF: 
https://www.vif.nl/en/OtherInformation.html 
• 
the Articles of Association of VCCI: 
https://www.volkswagengroupofamerica.com/assets/documents/original/468-
vcciarticlesofamendment.pdf 
• 
the Articles of Association of VWGoAF: 
https://www.volkswagengroupofamerica.com/assets/documents/original/464-
20140412vwgoafcertificateofformation.pdf 
• 
the Green Finance Framework of VWAG: 
https://www.volkswagenag.com/presence/investorrelation/publications/fixed-
income/greenfinance/2020/2020_03_Volkswagen_Green%20Finance%20Framework.pdf 
The documents referenced above are neither part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus, and such 
information has not been scrutinized or approved by CSSF. The documents incorporated by reference will be 
available at the respective websites specified under "Cross Reference List of information incorporated by 
reference" above.

--- Page 263 ---
- 255 - 
17. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
Issuers 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Berliner Ring 2 
38440 Wolfsburg 
Germany 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
Paleisstraat 1 
1012 RB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
2200 Woodland Pointe Avenue 
Herndon, Virginia 20171 
United States of America 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, 
Inc. 
601 Westney Road South 
Ajax, Ontario, L1S 4N7 
Canada 
 
Guarantor 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Berliner Ring 2 
38440 Wolfsburg 
Germany 
Arranger 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547, Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 264 ---
- 256 - 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europé GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH  
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street 
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
Agents 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent 
Citibank, N.A. 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Legal Advisers, Tax Advisers 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor 
(as to U.S. and German Law) 
(as to Dutch law) 
(as to Delaware Law) 
Clifford Chance  
Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. 
920 King Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
United States of America 
(as to Canadian law) 
Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP 
222 Bay Street, Suite 3000 
Toronto 
Ontario 
M5K 1E7 
Canada 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside 
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom 
Legal Advisers to the Dealers 
(as to German law) 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
(as to Dutch law) 
Linklaters LLP 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 265 ---
- 257 - 
Auditors 
of 
Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft 
Volkswagen International Finance N.V. 
Ernst & Young GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Hanover office 
Landschaftstraße 8 
30159 Hannover 
Germany 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150  
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Volkswagen Group of America Finance, LLC 
VW Credit Canada, Inc. / Crédit VW Canada, Inc. 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1775 Tysons Boulevard 
Tysons, VA 22102 
USA 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1775 Tysons Boulevard 
Tysons, VA 22102 
USA