--- Page 1 ---
10282944531-v17 
- i- 
36-41072567 
 
PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden) 
under the guarantee of 
AB Volvo (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Sweden) 
U.S.$20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the U.S.$20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the 
"Prospectus"), Volvo Treasury AB (publ) (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts payable in respect of all Notes issued by the Issuer will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by AB Volvo (publ) (the "Parent" or "AB Volvo"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein) subject to increase as provided herein. A 
description of the restrictions applicable at the date of this Prospectus relating to the maturity and denomination of certain Notes is set 
out in "General Description of the Programme" below. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers set out below and any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together 
the "Dealers"). References in this Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors" below. 
This Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under the 
Programme described in this Prospectus and is valid for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval, until 2 May 2025. 
The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when a prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent authority 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities, as may be 
amended from time to time. The CSSF has only approved the Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or the Parent nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. The CSSF gives no undertaking 
as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or the Parent. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Application has been made for such Notes to be admitted 
during the period of 12 months from the date hereof to listing on the official list ("Official List") and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). Notice of the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) of Notes will be set forth in a final terms document (the 
"Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with 
the CSSF.  
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area ("EEA") or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or more.  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes of each Tranche will be in bearer form and will initially be represented by a temporary global Note which will (i) if the 
global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"); and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. The temporary global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent 
global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. A permanent global Note will be exchangeable, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, for 
definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, all as further described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
The Issuer is unrated. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Parent's long-term debt is rated A2, stable by Moody's Investors Service 
(Nordics) AB ("Moody's") and A, stable by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). As at the date of this Prospectus, Moody's 
and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European Union registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") published on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Notes issued

--- Page 2 ---
10282944531-v17 
- ii- 
36-41072567 
 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms along with confirmation of whether or not such rating (1) will be issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
the ESMA on its website and/or (2) endorsed by a credit rating agency established under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom ("UK") ("UK domestic law") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. As of the date of this Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are 
credit rating agencies established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. They appear on the list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), 
and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
  
Arranger 
Citigroup  
 
Dealers 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Danske Bank  
Deutsche Bank 
DNB Markets                                             
HSBC 
Svenska Handelsbanken  
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
NatWest Markets 
Nordea   
SEB  
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Swedbank 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 2 May 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
10282944531-v17 
- iii- 
36-41072567 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 4 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 29 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 34 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 48 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 86 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARENT ........................................................................................................... 90 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 95 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 98 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 102

--- Page 4 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 4 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). It does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only 
and if appropriate, a supplement to this Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below 
shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
Issuer: 
Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
Guarantor: 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300PD69T87IGZG395 
AB Volvo (publ)  
549300HGV012CNC8JD22  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Société Générale 
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute

--- Page 5 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 5 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency, see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Money market instruments having a maturity at issue of 
less than 12 months do not fall within the scope of the 
EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation. 
No 
money 
market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months will be offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market under this Prospectus. 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) outstanding at any time. For the purpose of 
calculating the U.S. dollar equivalent of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme 
from time to time: 
 
(a) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of Notes denominated 
in another Specified Currency (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Notes) shall be determined, at the 
discretion of the Issuer, either as of the date on 
which agreement is reached for the issue of 
Notes or on the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in 
each case on the basis of the spot rate for the 
sale of the U.S. dollar against the purchase of 
such Specified Currency in the London foreign 
exchange market quoted by any leading bank 
selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of 
calculation; and 
 
(b) 
the U.S. dollar equivalent of Zero Coupon 
Notes (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) and 
other Notes issued at a discount or premium 
shall be calculated in the manner specified 
above by reference to the net proceeds received 
by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
 
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Yen, Swedish krona and, 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
any other currency as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 6 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 6 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
 
At the date of this Prospectus the minimum maturity of 
all Notes is one month. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par. The issue price 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note in bearer form which will (i) if 
the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream; and 
(ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream. The temporary global Note 
will be exchangeable, upon request, as described therein 
for either a permanent global Note or definitive Notes 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, 
in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms). Such 
exchange may take place in each case on and after the 
date which is the later of (i) 40 days after the temporary 
global Note is issued and (ii) 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche. 
Exchange of a temporary global Note will only take 
place upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
 
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, for 
definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, as described in "Form of the Notes" 
below. 
 
Any interest in a global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other agreed clearing system, as appropriate. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing.  
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate or a combination thereof and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and 
the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Fixed Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 7 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 7 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined on the basis of a reference rate appearing on 
the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate (which shall never be less 
than zero) or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Terms and 
Conditions contain provisions pursuant to which 
amendments may be made to the interest terms 
following a Benchmark Event (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes"). 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable until conversion to 
floating rate of interest (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) at which point floating rate interest will be 
payable. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of 
Notes will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denominations and 
distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the 
minimum Specified Denomination of each Note will be 
such as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see "Certain Restrictions — Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above and the

--- Page 8 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 8 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
regulations of the applicable securities system in 
which the Notes are issued and save that the minimum 
Specified Denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency).  
 
Taxation: 
Subject as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), all 
payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed within Sweden. 
 
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Parent will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be direct, unconditional, (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will at 
all times rank without any preference among themselves 
and (subject as aforesaid) pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, present and future, (other than obligations 
which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law) 
but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
Guarantee: 
The payment of the principal and interest in respect of 
all Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by AB Volvo (publ), the Parent. The 
obligations of the Parent under such guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional, (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Parent and (subject as 
aforesaid) will at all times rank pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Parent, present and future, (other than obligations 
which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law) 
but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default 
provision relating to indebtedness as further described in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base 
prospectus. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the 
economic and financial soundness of the transaction or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Application has 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and

--- Page 9 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 9 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. This Prospectus and any 
supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 
12 months from the date of approval of this Prospectus. 
 
The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each 
Series. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s) 
the Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes, shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, 
Switzerland, Singapore, Japan and France and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. 
See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Use of Proceeds: 
 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an 
amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) 
below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be:  
a) used for the Issuer's general funding purposes; 
or 
b) applied to a green asset portfolio which will be 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
the Volvo Group's investments in eligible 
assets as further described in the Volvo Group 
Green Finance Framework published on 5 
November 2020 (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time) (the "Green Finance 
Framework") available on the Volvo Group 
website 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/vo
lvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/green-financing/volvo-green-
finance-framework.pdf) 
(which, 
for 
the 
avoidance of doubt, does not form part of, and 
shall not be incorporated in, this Prospectus) 
("Green Bonds"); or 
c) used to finance any other particular identified 
use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 10 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Parent present below the significant risks which they believe they are exposed to as at 
the date of this Prospectus. The risk factors considered to be the most important, based on the probability 
of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact and after consideration of the 
effects of the measures implemented by the Issuer and the Parent in order to manage these risks, are 
mentioned first in their respective category. Investors are invited to read carefully the information provided 
in the risk factors before investing in Notes. Investors' attention is drawn to the fact that other risks, not 
identified as at the date of this Prospectus, or whose realisation is not considered likely to have, as at this 
same date, a significant negative impact on the business, financial situation and results or perspectives of 
the Issuer and the Parent, may exist or occur.   
1. Risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme 
 
The Issuer is a unit within the Volvo Group (the "Volvo Group" is defined as the Parent and its 
subsidiaries). The Issuer is acting as internal bank for the Volvo Group. The Issuer is responsible for all 
interest-bearing assets and liabilities as well as all foreign exchange and funding operations within the 
Volvo Group. The Issuer’s operations are carried out according to centrally determined risk mandates and 
limits, designed to minimise the credit currency, interest rate and liquidity risks to which the Volvo Group 
is exposed. 
 
In conducting its operations, the Issuer is exposed to various types of financial risks which are set out on  
pages 15 to 19 (Financial risks) of the Issuer's Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus, as set out in the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 29 to 32 of 
this Prospectus, and include the following: interest rate risk, currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. 
 
However, the Notes issued by the Issuer under this Prospectus benefit from the Guarantee (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") issued by the Parent in which the Parent undertakes to assume 
responsibility for the Issuer's payment obligations under the Notes.  
 
2. Risk factors that may affect the Parent's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee  
The risks that may affect the Volvo Group’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme, other than 
the short-term risk factors on pages 11 to 13 of this Prospectus, are set out in particular on pages 82 to 89 
(Risks and uncertainties) of the Volvo Group Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus, as set out in the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference” on pages 29 to 32 of 
this Prospectus, and include the following: 
- Macro and market-related risks: 
• 
Cyclical commercial vehicles industry; 
• 
Competition; 
• 
Regulations; 
• 
Political and social uncertainty. 
- Operational risks: 
• 
Transformation and technology; 
• 
New business models; 
• 
Industrial operations including supply chain;  
• 
Suppliers and materials; 
• 
Cost inflation and price increases;

--- Page 11 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 11 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
• 
Information security and digital infrastructure;  
• 
Mergers and acquisitions, partnerships and divestments; 
• 
Residual value commitments. 
- Climate and people risks: 
• 
Climate; 
• 
People and culture; 
• 
Human rights. 
- Compliance risks: 
• 
Data protection laws; 
• 
Intangible assets; 
• 
Legal proceedings; 
• 
Corruption and competition law. 
- Financial risks: 
• 
Insurance; 
• 
Credit risk; 
• 
Pension commitments; 
• 
Interest-rate risk; 
• 
Currency risk; 
• 
Liquidity risk; 
• 
Impairment. 
Short-term risk factors 
Update on supply situation and inflationary pressure 
The Volvo Group's ability to deliver according to market demand depends significantly on obtaining a 
timely and adequate supply of materials, components and other vital services, as well as on the Volvo 
Group's ability to properly utilize the capacity in the Volvo Group’s different production and services 
facilities. At present, the Volvo Group's supply chain and industrial system are strained in many areas due 
to e.g. shortages of labor, materials and components, and transport services. Further strains on the supply 
chain may also evolve from other events, including financial distress of suppliers and consequences of the 
war in Ukraine and other geopolitical events. There might be supply chain disturbances and stoppages in 
production going forward. Such disturbances could lead to higher costs and interruptions in production and 
delivery of Volvo Group's products and services, that could have a material negative impact on Volvo 
Group’s financial performance. 
The Volvo Group might experience higher input costs from increased prices on e.g. purchased material, 
freight and energy as well as higher labor costs. If the Volvo Group is unable to compensate for the higher 
input costs through increased prices on products and services sold, this could have a negative impact on the 
Volvo Group’s financial performance. 
Accounts receivable

--- Page 12 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 12 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Due to the prevailing business model in the construction equipment industry in China, with long payment 
terms to customers, a substantial part of the Volvo Group’s accounts receivable is related to customers in 
this market. The weakened Chinese construction equipment market is currently impacting customers’ and 
dealers’ profitability negatively. This might affect their ability to honor their obligations to the Volvo Group 
and may consequently have a material adverse effect on the Volvo Group’s financial result and position. 
Detected premature degradation of emissions control component 
As previously communicated, the Volvo Group has detected that an emissions control component used in 
certain markets and models, may degrade more quickly than expected, affecting the vehicles emission 
performance negatively. The Volvo Group made a provision of SEK 7 billion impacting the operating 
income in Q4 2018, relating to the estimated costs to address the issue. Negative cash flow effects started 
in 2019 and will continue in the coming years. As of year end 2023, approximately half of the initial 
provision had been utilized. The Volvo Group will continuously assess the size of the provision as the 
matter develops. 
Contingent liabilities 
The reported amounts for contingent liabilities reflect a part of Volvo Group’s risk exposure. Total 
contingent liabilities as of 31 March 2024, amounted to SEK 16.1 billion, an increase of SEK 0.2 billion 
compared with 31 December 2023. The gross exposure of SEK 16.1 billion is partly reduced by counter 
guarantees and collaterals. 
Legal proceedings 
Starting in January 2011, the Volvo Group, together with a number of other truck manufacturers, was 
investigated by the European Commission in relation to a possible violation of EU antitrust rules. In July 
2016 the European Commission adopted a settlement decision against the Volvo Group and other truck 
manufacturers finding that they were involved in an antitrust infringement which, in the case of the Volvo 
Group, covered a 14-year period from 1997 to 2011. The Volvo Group paid a monetary fine of EUR 670 
million. 
Following the adoption of the European Commission’s settlement decision, the Volvo Group has received 
and is defending itself against a significant number of private damages claims brought by customers and 
other third parties alleging that they suffered loss, directly or indirectly, by reason of the conduct covered 
in the decision. The claims relate primarily to Volvo Group trucks sold during the 14-year period of the 
infringement and, in some cases, to trucks sold in certain periods after the infringement ended. Some claims 
have also been made against the Volvo Group that relate to trucks sold by other manufacturers. The truck 
manufacturers subject to the 2016 settlement decision are, in most countries, jointly and severally liable for 
any losses arising from the infringement. 
In the region of 3,000 claims are being brought in over 20 countries (including EU Member States, the 
United Kingdom, Norway and Israel) by large numbers of claimants either acting individually or as part of 
a wider group or class of claimants. Further claims may be commenced. The litigation in many countries 
can be expected to run for several years. 
Several hundred thousand trucks sold by the Volvo Group are currently subject to claims against it or other 
truck manufacturers, with claimants alleging that the infringement resulted in an increase in the prices paid 
for Volvo Group trucks which directly or indirectly caused them loss. 
The Volvo Group maintains its firm view that no damage was caused to its customers or any third party by 
the conduct set out in the settlement decision, and in fact, the European Commission did not assess any 
potential effects of the infringement on the market. The Volvo Group considers that transaction prices 
Volvo Group's customers paid for their trucks were unaffected by the infringement and were the outcome 
of individual negotiations across all elements of their purchasing requirements, including not only the prices 
for new trucks but also (where relevant) associated products and services sold together with new trucks 
such as service contracts, financing, buy-back guarantees etc. 
Litigation developments so far have been mixed with some adverse outcomes, although uncertainty 
regarding ultimate exposure to the litigation remains high and it is inherent in complex litigation that 
outlooks and risks fluctuate over time.

--- Page 13 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 13 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
At this stage it is not possible to make a reliable estimate of the total liability that could arise from such 
proceedings given the complexity of the claims and the different (and in some cases relatively early) stages 
to which national proceedings have progressed. However, the litigation is substantial in scale and any 
adverse outcome or outcomes of some or all of the litigation, depending on the nature and extent of such 
outcomes, may have a material negative impact on the Volvo Group’s financial results, cash flows and 
financial position. In light of progress in litigations and current risks, the Volvo Group has in Q2 2023 
recognized a cost of SEK 6 billion, besides legal fees to advisors, which relate to aspects of the litigation 
that are currently possible to estimate and where an outflow of resources is probable. This is Volvo Group's 
current assessment, which may change as the litigation progresses. 
 
3. Risk factors relating to the Notes issued under the Programme 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed investment decision 
with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each category 
below, the Issuer sets out the material risks in descending order of importance, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. 
A.  
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves a credit risk on the Issuer and the Parent. The Noteholders rely on the 
ability of the Issuer (and failing which, the Parent) to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of 
the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Parent (as may be impacted by the risks 
related to the Issuer and the Parent as described above). If the creditworthiness of the Issuer or the Parent 
deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be significant: a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness could give rise to negative repercussions on the Noteholders because (i) the Issuer (or 
failing which, the Parent) may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, 
(ii) the value of the Notes may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on, governed by, and construed in accordance with 
English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice (or interpretation 
thereof) after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Any such decision or change could be unfavourable to 
creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in law were unfavourable to the Issuer, 
the Parent or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse or a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes (depending on the nature of the changes) and could have potentially serious negative 
repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk of changes in law is higher for Notes 
with longer maturities. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Noteholders 
Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
It is possible that a majority of Noteholders could adopt measures at the relevant meeting that would modify 
the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders. 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that 
the Trustee, upon request from the Issuer and without the consent of Noteholders, shall be required to use 
reasonable endeavours to effect any necessary consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to the replacement of a reference rate

--- Page 14 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 14 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
in respect of the Notes and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof. 
Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
also provides that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without regard to the interests 
of particular Noteholders, (i) agree to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of, any of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, or (ii) determine that any condition, event or act which, but for such determination, would constitute 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Condition of the 
Notes), shall not be treated as such which in any such case, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, agree with the Issuer and the Parent to the substitution in place of the Issuer as the principal 
debtor under the Notes or in place of the Parent of certain entities described in Condition 18 (Substitution), 
subject to, inter alia, the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution and certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with, 
all as more fully described in Condition 18 (Substitution) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and in 
the Trust Deed. 
It is possible that a Noteholder may not agree with a decision taken on its behalf by the Trustee.  
 
Enforceability of judgments  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the UK and Sweden are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other 
instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes. The 
UK was a member of the convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in 
civil and commercial matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) courtesy of its 
membership of the EU. Upon the end of the transition period for the UK's withdrawal from the EU, the UK 
ceased to be a member. The UK applied to re-join the Lugano Convention in April 2020 as an individual 
member, but its accession requires the consent of all other signatories, including the EU. While Switzerland, 
Iceland and Norway agreed to the UK's accession, the EU has not consented, nor is there any sign that it 
will do so in the near future. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the 
Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the 
final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be 
regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly 
delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (such as €100,000) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount 
(such as €1,000), it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such case, a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of 
such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of the Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
Definitive Note (as defined under “Forms of the Notes” below) in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade.  
B.  
Risks relating to the market generally

--- Page 15 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 15 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Nevertheless, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued and there can be no assurance 
that an active trading market for the Notes will develop. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of 
the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact 
the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the investor is seeking to achieve a sale within 
a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be high because 
Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the Notes. Furthermore, if 
additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value 
of the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each a "Specified Currency"). The 
Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Parent will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Parent to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. If such risk were to materialise, the Noteholders whose financial 
activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant 
Specified Currency could be very negatively impacted as they might receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
C. Risks relating to the structure and the characteristics of a particular issue of Notes  
Interest rate risks 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate 
Note is fixed during the life of such a Note or during a certain period of time, the current interest rate 
available on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market 
interest rate changes, the price of such Note changes in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the price of such Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. Noteholders should be aware 
that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and could cause 
Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which the 
market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility

--- Page 16 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 16 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and 
cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment.  
The value of Floating Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference rate. Typically, the 
relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which 
itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. The market value of Floating Rate Notes 
may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the 
relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, 
but any such volatility may negatively impact the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment 
risk.  
If the Final Terms provide for several interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk 
if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Risks related to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest 
that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear 
interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate. Such interest rate 
conversion may take place either automatically or at the option of the Issuer on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest 
rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
Risks related to Zero Coupon Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are subject to 
higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds. Changes in market interest rates have a stronger 
impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of other Notes because the discounted issue 
prices are below par (if the yield is positive). If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer 
higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, 
Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. It is 
difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
 
 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the

--- Page 17 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 17 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. The Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, (i) if 
the benchmark rate or index can no longer be used as such, because its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration and the relevant Notes have to be delisted, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity 
or otherwise impacted, (ii) if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark and could lead to adjustments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs 
and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of 
certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmarks reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced 
that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR as an alternative benchmark.  
As a further example of such benchmarks reforms, on 13 September 2021, the Swedish Bankers’ 
Association published a recommendation for the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate ("STIBOR") which 
inter alia recommended trigger events and recommended fallback rates, which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to STIBOR. Although STIBOR has not yet been replaced, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be reformed or replaced with an alternative benchmark 
such as the Swedish krona Short Term Rate (SWESTR). 
The elimination of EURIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as described further in Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to referencing such benchmark (including 
Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes uncertainty as to the 
nature of alternative references rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the terms of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading 
market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes") were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which 
reference the Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event (as described in the Terms and Conditions) occurs. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the following arrangements may apply to Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest could be set or, as the case may be, determined by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable) determined by an Independent Adviser (as 
defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"); and

--- Page 18 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 18 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(b) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the relevant 
Independent Adviser in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark,  
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, the relevant Independent Adviser may also determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above.  
If (i) the Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer fails to make the necessary determination, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in respect of such Floating Rate Notes may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the relevant screen page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet their obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should note that the relevant Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that such an adjustment 
will be made or, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable reforms, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing 
a "benchmark". 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the €STR, as reference rates for Notes continues to 
develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under 
this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR, that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the

--- Page 19 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 19 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free 
rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates 
do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such 
risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history  
Risk-free rates may differ from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such inter-bank offered 
rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave 
materially differently to inter-bank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to inter-bank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict, based on their limited historical performance.  
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an 
indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to inter-bank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as 
a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on 
a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes 
shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could 
change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, 
the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR

--- Page 20 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 20 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
or any related index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
Early redemption risks 
The Notes may be redeemed for tax reasons prior to maturity 
In the event that, pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts 
in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties of whatever nature imposed or levied, by or on behalf of Sweden or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall 
be obliged to, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons). Such early redemption may adversely affect the holders of the Notes as an investor may be 
exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the early redemption of their Notes. 
As a consequence, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms relating to a 
particular issue of Notes, could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholder to be considerably less than 
anticipated 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). Such right of early 
redemption is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem early increases. As a 
consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face 
amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest 
monies they receive through early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Notes.  
The Issuer also has the option, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, to redeem the Notes, in whole 
or in part, or in whole but not in part, as the case may be, under Condition 7(d) (Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), Condition 7(e) (Clean-up Call Option) and Condition 7(f) (Residual Maturity Call at the 
Option of the Issuer). Such right of early redemption, if provided in the applicable Final Terms relating to 
a particular issue of Notes, could cause the expected yield in respect of the Notes to be considerably less 
than anticipated. See "Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the 
Noteholders may make the market illiquid" for risks relating to partial redemption.  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option in Condition 7(e) (Clean-up Call Option), there is 
no obligation under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 
the limit needed to exercise the Clean-up Call Option has been reached or is about to be reached, and the 
Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect 
of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, this 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Partial redemption of Notes at the option of the Issuer or at the option of the Noteholders may make the 
market illiquid 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes 
at the option of the Issuer is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a 
direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. 
Risks related to Green Bonds  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", such use of 
net proceeds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
As described in the section "Use of Proceeds" of this Prospectus, the Final Terms relating to any specific 
Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount which is equal to the

--- Page 21 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 21 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to fund a green asset portfolio which will be used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Volvo Group's investments in eligible assets as further described in the 
Green Finance Framework.  
The use of such proceeds may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, the eligible assets as further described in the Green Finance Framework). The Green Finance 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given 
in this Prospectus.  
In addition, eligible assets may not meet investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and any related technical screening criteria, the Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2631 on European green bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") and any 
implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom, or any 
requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. In addition, the requirements of any such 
definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use of the proceeds of Green Bonds may not 
meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond 
Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer's Green 
Finance Framework. It is not clear if the establishment of the EU Green Bonds label (the "EuGB label") 
and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green 
Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds 
that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the 
Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with 
those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
Cicero Shades of Green (now S&P Global) (the "Second Party Opinion Provider") has issued an 
independent opinion on the Issuer's Green Finance Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or 
other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
Any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current 
only as of the date it was issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion may change at any 
time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn 
at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification 
is given and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, 
in this Prospectus.  
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any eligible projects. Furthermore, it should be noted

--- Page 22 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 22 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Such listing or admission to trading obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds may 
not be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in the Green Finance Framework. However, the related projects may not be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Such projects 
may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, there may not 
be at all times sufficient eligible assets to allow for allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of such Green Bonds in full. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the application of the amount 
equal to the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Bonds will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer, the Parent or the Dealers; (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer or the Parent for any purpose; or 
(iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer or 
the Parent in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green 
Bonds. In addition, if the Green Bonds are redeemed using any optional redemption rights under the 
Conditions, prior to the full allocation of the proceeds of such Green Bond, such allocation may not take 
place in full or at all and, in that case, the Green Bond may no longer be able to contribute to any eligible 
assets. Such event or any failure by the Issuer will not be a default under the Notes for any purpose. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for 
Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the 
avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the Green Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project.

--- Page 23 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 23 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference and shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of this Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
Save for the Issuer and the Parent, no other party has verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer and/or the 
Parent. Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee accept any liability in relation to the information 
contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer and/or the Parent in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Parent, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Parent, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Parent. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Parent or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Parent 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer and/or the Parent during the life of the Programme. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer and the 
Parent when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Each of the Issuer and the Parent accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Parent, the information contained in this Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Parent, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this document 
may be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Parent, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a public 
offering of the Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them 
will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes come

--- Page 24 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 24 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the 
UK, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan and France (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances 
where there is an exemption from the obligation under the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in any 
Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. None of the Issuer, the Parent and any Dealer has authorised, nor does any of them authorise, 
the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product

--- Page 25 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 25 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Parent is a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer nor the Parent is a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
CANADA 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant 
to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from 
time to time, the "SFA").  If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination and provide the 
appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes (as described in "General 
Description of the Programme") may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. If any 
such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets

--- Page 26 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 26 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (the "Benchmarks Register"). As at the date of this Prospectus, the European Money 
Market Institute as administrator of EURIBOR and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility as 
administrator of STIBOR both appear on the Benchmarks Register.  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the New York Federal Reserve, as administrator of SOFR, the Bank of 
England, as administrator of SONIA and the European Central Bank, as administrator of €STR are 
not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of 
the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to "SEK" refer to Swedish krona, those to "Yen", "JPY" and "¥" 
refer to Japanese Yen, those to "USD", "U.S. dollars" and "U.S.$" refer to United States dollars, 
those to "GBP", "£" and "Sterling" refer to pounds sterling and those to "euro", "EUR" and "€" 
refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and regulations. 
CREDIT RATINGS MAY NOT REFLECT ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Parent or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA

--- Page 27 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 27 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of 
its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
GREEN BONDS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels including in 
relation to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria and the EU Green 
Bond Regulation and any optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds, SFDR and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. 
None of the Dealers are responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds.  
The Second Party Opinion Provider has issued an independent opinion on the Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework. The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any 
Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  The Second Party 
Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other 
equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is

--- Page 28 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 28 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for 
the lifetime of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not 
form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus.  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Issuer's Green Finance 
Framework and the relevant information contained in this Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds 
before deciding to invest. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework may be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Prospectus. The Issuer's Green Finance Framework 
does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 29 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023, in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, including the 
information set out at the following pages of the ‘Annual Report and Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
for 
the financial 
year 
2022’ 
(the 
“Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2022”) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/about- 
us/organization/other-entities/volvo-group-treasury/volvo-treasury-ar-22-eng.pdf) 
and 
the 
following pages of the ‘Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial 
year 
2023’ 
(the 
“Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2023”) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/downloads/volvo-treasury-annual-report-2023-eng-Final.pdf) respectively: 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2022 
 
Board of Directors’ report 
Income statement, consolidated 
Balance sheet, consolidated 
Changes in shareholders’ equity, consolidated 
Cash flow statement, consolidated 
 
Income statement, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Balance sheet, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Changes in shareholders’ equity, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Cash flow statement, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Notes to the financial statements 
Auditor’s report 
Corporate Governance Report  
Auditor’s report on the corporate governance statement 
 
 
pages 3-4 
page 5 
page 6 
page 7 
page 8 
 
page 9 
page 10 
page 11 
 
pages 12-35 
pages 36-38 
pages 39-41 
page 42 
 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2023 
 
Board of Directors’ report 
Income statement, consolidated 
Balance sheet, consolidated 
Changes in shareholders’ equity, consolidated 
Cash flow statement, consolidated 
 
Income statement, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Balance sheet, Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flow statements, Volvo Treasury 
AB (publ) 
Notes – Group and Parent Company 
Auditor’s report 
Corporate Governance Report  
Auditor’s report on the corporate governance statement 
 
 
pages 1-2 
page 3 
page 4 
page 5 
page 6 
 
page 7 
page 8 
 
page 9 
pages 10-33 
pages 34-36 
pages 37-39 
page 40 
 
(b) 
the English language translation of the audited annual consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Parent for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December

--- Page 30 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 30 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
2023, in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection therewith, including the 
information set out at the following pages of the ‘Volvo Group Annual Report 2022’ (the “Volvo 
Group 
Annual 
Report 
2022”) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-
group/markets/master/investors/reports-and-presentations/annual-reports/AB-Volvo-Annual-
Report-2022.pdf) and the ‘Volvo Group Annual Report 2023’ (the “Volvo Group Annual Report 
2023”) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-
group/markets/master/events/2024/feb/annual-report-2023/AB-Volvo-Annual-Report-2023.pdf), 
respectively: 
Volvo Group Annual Report 2022 
 
Volvo Group in 2022 and CEO comments  
Board of Directors’ Report 2022 
Segments 
The share 
Risks and uncertainties 
Sustainability Notes 
Corporate Governance Report 
Other information 
 
Cross reference list to the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Parent 
 
Financial performance and consolidated income statement 
Financial position and consolidated balance sheet 
Cash flow statement 
Changes in consolidated equity 
Financial management 
Notes to the financial statements 
Audit Report for AB Volvo (publ) 
 
Cross reference list to the audited annual non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Parent 
 
Income statement 
Balance sheet 
Cash-flow statement 
Changes in equity 
Notes to the financial statements 
Audit Report for AB Volvo (publ) 
 
 
 
pages 4-9 
pages 42-73 
pages 54-65 
pages 66-67 
pages 68-73 
pages 147-185 
pages 186-203 
pages 204-223 
 
 
 
 
pages 43-45 
pages 46-49 
pages 50-51 
page 52 
page 53 
pages 140-146 
pages 207-211 
 
 
 
 
page 136 
page 137 
page 138 
page 139 
pages 74-134 
pages 207-211 
Volvo Group Annual Report 2023 
 
Volvo Group in 2023 and CEO comments  
Board of Directors’ Report 2023 
Segments 
The share 
Risks and uncertainties 
Sustainability Notes 
Corporate Governance Report 
Other information 
 
Cross reference list to the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Parent 
 
 
pages 4-11 
pages 56-89 
pages 68-79 
pages 80-81 
pages 82-89 
pages 163-193 
pages 194-211 
pages 212-229

--- Page 31 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 31 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
 
Financial performance and consolidated income statement 
Financial position and consolidated balance sheet 
Cash flow statement 
Changes in consolidated equity 
Financial management 
Notes to the financial statements 
Audit Report for AB Volvo (publ) 
 
Cross reference list to the audited annual non-consolidated 
financial statements of the Parent 
 
Income statement 
Balance sheet 
Cash-flow statement 
Changes in equity 
Notes to the financial statements 
Audit Report for AB Volvo (publ) 
 
 
pages 57-59 
pages 60-63 
page 64-65 
page 66 
page 67 
pages 90-150 
pages 213-217 
 
 
 
 
page 152 
page 153 
page 154 
page 155 
pages 156-162 
pages 213-217 
(c) 
the English language translation of the unaudited interim report of the Parent and the Volvo Group 
for the three-month period ended 31 March 2024 (the “Interim Report for the First Quarter of 
the 
Financial 
Year 
2024”) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-
group/markets/master/investors/reports-and-presentations/interim-reports/2024/volvo-group-q1-
2024-eng.pdf) including the consolidated financial information and other information set out at the 
following pages:  
In brief 
page 2 
CEO’s comments 
page 3 
Important events 
page 4 
Financial summary  
     pages 5-7 
Business segment overview 
       pages 8-16 
Consolidated income statement - first quarter, Volvo 
Group 
  page 17 
Consolidated other comprehensive income - first quarter, 
Volvo Group 
  page 17 
Consolidated balance sheet, Volvo Group 
  page 18 
Net financial position incl. and excl. post-employment 
benefits and lease liabilities, Volvo Group 
  page 19 
Changes in net financial position, industrial operations 
  page 20 
Changes in consolidated equity, Volvo Group 
  page 20 
Consolidated cash flow statement – first quarter, Volvo 
Group 
  page 21 
Quarterly figures 
         pages 22-24 
Notes 1-6 
         pages 25-28 
Parent company, Income statement (AB Volvo (publ)) 
   page 29 
Parent company, Balance sheet (AB Volvo (publ)) 
   page 30 
Net order intake 
   page 31 
Deliveries 
    page 32 
 
 
 
(d) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” from the following prospectuses relating to the 
Programme:  
(i) 
Prospectus 
dated 
8 
May 
2019 
(pages 
28 
to 
54) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/debt-programmes/emtn-prospectus-and-supplements/2019/volvo-update-
2019-base-prospectus-final-version.pdf);

--- Page 32 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 32 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(ii) 
 Prospectus 
dated 
7 
May 
2020 
(pages 
37 
to 
64) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/debt-programmes/emtn-prospectus-and-supplements/2020/Volvo-Update-
2020-Base-Prospectus-Final-version-252628-4-35-v0.1.pdf);  
(iii) 
Prospectus 
dated 
7 
May 
2021 
(pages 
41 
to 
68) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/debt-programmes/emtn-prospectus-and-supplements/2021/Volvo-
Update%202021-Base-Prospectus-266037-2051207994-18-v0.7.pdf);  
(iv) 
Prospectus 
dated 
6 
May 
2022 
(pages 
47 
to 
86) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/debt-programmes/emtn-prospectus-and-supplements/2022/Volvo-Update-
2022-Base-Prospectus%20(Final%20version)(10232363169.1).pdf); and   
(v) 
Prospectus 
dated 
4 
May 
2023 
(pages 
44 
to 
81) 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/debt-programmes/emtn-prospectus-and-supplements/2023/Volvo-Update-
2023-Base-Prospectus.pdf);  
(e) 
the risk factors set out on pages 82 to 89 (Risks and uncertainties) of the Volvo Group Annual 
Report 2023 relating to the Volvo Group (https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-
group/markets/master/events/2024/feb/annual-report-2023/AB-Volvo-Annual-Report-2023.pdf); 
and  
(f) 
the risk factors set out on pages 15 to 19 (Financial risks) of the Issuer's Annual Report 2023 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/downloads/volvo-treasury-annual-report-2023-eng-Final.pdf). 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which 
is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus is either not required by the relevant schedules of the 
Delegated Regulation or is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the Volvo Group website does not form part of 
this Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) and by following the above links to the Volvo Group website.

--- Page 33 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 33 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and the Parent 
and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer and the Parent will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus (or publish a new Prospectus) for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
The obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply after the end of the Prospectus' 12-month validity period.

--- Page 34 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 34 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be represented by a temporary global Note, 
without interest coupons or talons, which will (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream; and (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be 
issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Where the global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life 
as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be 
made (against presentation of the temporary global Note if the temporary global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that appropriate certification (in a form to be provided) has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. Such certification shall be to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not United States persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any United States person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer, the Agent and the Trustee. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is the later of (i) 40 days after a temporary global Note 
is issued and (ii) 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche (the "Distribution 
Compliance Period"), interests in such temporary global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a permanent global Note of the same Series without 
interest coupons or talons or for (ii) definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification 
of beneficial ownership as described in the first paragraph above unless such certification has already been 
given. The holder of a temporary global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless upon due certification, exchange of the temporary 
global Note for interests in the permanent global Note or for definitive Notes, as the case may be, is 
improperly withheld or refused. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below) the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, 
which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such Tranche 
shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry 
of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a permanent global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
permanent global Note if the permanent global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
Note will only be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or, except as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax

--- Page 35 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 35 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the permanent global Note in 
definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent global Note) or the Trustee may 
give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for definitive Notes, such Notes should not be issued in denominations comprising a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes unless the applicable Final Terms indicate that TEFRA is 
not applicable and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream and/or any other agreed clearing system as the 
case may be. 
In respect of Notes represented by a global Note issued in NGN form, the nominal amount of such Notes 
shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and Clearstream. 
The records of Euroclear and Clearstream shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of such 
Notes and a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of such parties at that time. 
The Issuer has entered into an agreement with Euroclear and Clearstream (together, the "ICSDs") in respect 
of any Notes issued in NGN form that the Issuer may request be made eligible for settlement with the ICSDs 
(the "Issuer-ICSDs Agreement"). The Issuer-ICSDs Agreement provides that the ICSDs will, in respect 
of any such Notes, inter alia, maintain records of their respective portion of the issue outstanding amount 
and will, upon the Issuer's request, produce a statement for the Issuer's use showing the total nominal 
amount of its customer holding of such Notes as of a specified date.

--- Page 36 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 36 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS -The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on 
insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance 
distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Issuer nor the Parent is a manufacturer for the purposes of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Issuer nor the Parent is a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as

--- Page 37 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 37 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore). and [“Excluded 
Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[Date] 
VOLVO TREASURY AB (publ) (the "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300PD69T87IGZG395  
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] guaranteed by AB Volvo (publ) 
(the "Guarantor") issued pursuant to the U.S. $20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the prospectus dated 2 May 2024 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated 
[date]] (the "Supplement[s]") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] [has] [have] been published on the websites of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Volvo Group (www.volvogroup.com) and [is] 
[are] available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set 
forth in the prospectus dated [8 May 2019/7 May 2020/7 May 2021/6 May 2022/4 May 2023] (the 
"Conditions") which are incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 2 May 2024 (the "Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [and the supplement[s] 
to the Prospectus dated [date]] (the "Supplement[s]") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] [has] [have] been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and the Volvo Group (www.volvogroup.com) and [is] [are] available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [] [Description of existing series] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [] [Insert date on which Notes are to be 
fungible with existing series]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 38 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 38 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[€100,000]/[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof [up to and including 
[€199,000]]. (Note: no notes in definitive form to be 
issued with a denomination above €199,000). 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[] 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to []] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[Reference 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR 
/STIBOR] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14] applies] / [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call] 
[further particulars specified below] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
[[] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year, from and including [], up 
to and including the Maturity Date

--- Page 39 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 39 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent): 
[[] shall act as Calculation Agent] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate  
[[] month] 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
STIBOR/[]] 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
− 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Observation Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
− 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
− 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
SONIA 
Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 40 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 40 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
− 
SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
− 
Relevant Decimal 
Place: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
it should be the seventh decimal place) 
− 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days: 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent and specified in the Final Terms, the Relevant 
Number shall be 5) 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
− 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
− 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
− 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/[]] 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(vii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 41 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 41 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Make-whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[] 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified (if other 
than set out in Condition 
7(d)): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
(iv) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[] 
18. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Residual Maturity Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Par Call Date: 
[] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any purchase or cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount/[] per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes 
 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 42 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 42 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:_________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
By:_________________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 43 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 43 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, with effect from [].] 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes to be issued have been 
rated [] by []] 
 
[[] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).  [As such [] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
[[] is not established in the European Union and is 
not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended)[.  [] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
The ratings have been endorsed by [] in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation.  [] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation[. As such [] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued in [Japan/ Australia/ the USA/ Canada/ Hong 
Kong/ Singapore/ Argentina/ Mexico] which have 
been endorsed by [] may be used in the EU by the 
relevant market participants.] 
 
[[] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"),

--- Page 44 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 44 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation [[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [and [] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
[[] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation").  
However, the application for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation of [], which is established in the 
European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued in [Japan/ Australia/ the USA/ Canada/ Hong 
Kong/ Singapore/ Argentina/ Mexico] which have 
been endorsed by [] may be used in the EU by the 
relevant market participants.] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")

--- Page 45 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 45 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, e.g.: According to Moodys' rating system, 
obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium 
grade with low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 
1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates 
a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated 
"A" is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. 
However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is still strong. The 
addition of pluses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
(i) Use of proceeds: 
[General funding purposes]  
 
[The Notes constitute Green Bonds and an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes 
will be applied by the Issuer to a green asset 
portfolio which will be used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Volvo Group's 
investments in eligible assets as further described 
in the Volvo Group Green Finance Framework 
published on 5 November 2020 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time) available on the 
Volvo 
Group 
website 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo
-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/green-financing/volvo-green-finance-
framework.pdf) (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, does not form part of, and shall not be 
incorporated in, this Prospectus)]  
[Specify other]  
 
(ii) Estimated 
net 
amount 
of 
proceeds:  
[] 
5. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - FLOATING RATE NOTES CALCULATED BY 
REFERENCE TO A BENCHMARK ONLY 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at the

--- Page 46 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 46 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
date of these Final Terms, [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, [•] [does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of 
that Regulation/ the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that [●] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
6. 
YIELD 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
TEFRA: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[[Insert name and address]/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[[]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 47 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 47 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Not Applicable]/[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading].

--- Page 48 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 48 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange (if any) and/or any other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto, such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes will complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
global Note and definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Volvo Treasury AB (publ) (the "Issuer") 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 29 November 1994 made between AB Volvo (publ) (the "Parent") as 
guarantor, Volvo Group Finance Europe B.V., the Issuer and Bankers Trustee Company Limited, now 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as 
trustee), as most recently modified and restated by a Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Trust Deed dated 2 
May 2024 between the Parent, the Issuer and the Trustee. References herein to the "Notes" shall be 
references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note and (iii) any global Note. The Notes and the Coupons (as 
defined below) also have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated 6 November 2014 made between the Parent, the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing 
and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the other paying agent named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and the Trustee.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached hereto or endorsed hereon which complete these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this 
Note. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached hereto or endorsed hereon. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which expression shall, in 
relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below) and the holders of the 
Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons), all in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for (i) inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee at Winchester House, 1 
Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, and at the specified offices of each of the Agent and the other 
Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the 
Agent or other Paying Agents therefore and provision of proof of holding identity in form satisfactory to 
the Agent or other Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at, and 
copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying 
Agents in London and Luxembourg save that the Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes of that Series and such

--- Page 49 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 49 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, as to its holding of such Notes and identity. In addition, Final Terms relating to a Note which is listed 
on the Official List, and admitted to trading on the regulated market, of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
will be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are binding on 
them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
"Specified Currency") and the denomination (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the Parent, the Trustee and any Paying Agent 
may deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream as the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Parent, the Trustee and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal and/or interest on the Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Parent, the Trustee and any 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Agent and the 
Trustee. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times 
rank without any preference among themselves and (subject as aforesaid) pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, (other than

--- Page 50 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 50 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law) but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
3. 
Guarantee 
The payment of the principal and interest in respect of all Notes and all other moneys payable by the Issuer 
under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Parent in 
the Trust Deed (the "Guarantee"). The obligations of the Parent under the Guarantee are direct, 
unconditional, (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Parent and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will at all times rank pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Parent, present and future, (other than 
obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law) but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer and the Parent undertake that, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed), they will not have outstanding any External Indebtedness  and will procure that no Subsidiary 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer or the Parent will have outstanding any such indebtedness which 
is also guaranteed by the Issuer or the Parent, where in any such case such External Indebtedness or 
guarantee is secured by any mortgage, lien (other than liens arising by operation of law), pledge or other 
charge, unless the Issuer or the Parent, as the case may be, shall forthwith take any and all action necessary 
to procure that all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are secured 
equally and rateably with such mortgage, lien, pledge or other charge to the satisfaction of the Trustee or 
such other security is provided as the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not materially less 
beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this provision "External Indebtedness" means any loan or other indebtedness (or any 
guarantee thereof) which is: 
(i) 
in the form of or represented by any bonds, notes or other securities for the time being 
quoted, listed or dealt in on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market; and 
(ii) 
either (a) denominated or payable in a currency other than euro and initially offered by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or the Parent or the relevant Subsidiary (as the case may be) primarily 
to persons resident outside any country in the currency of which it is denominated or 
payable (whether compulsorily or at the option of the holder) or (b) denominated or payable 
in euro and initially offered by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Parent or the relevant 
Subsidiary (as the case may be) primarily to persons resident outside Sweden and, if 
different, the country of incorporation of the Issuer or the Parent or the relevant Subsidiary 
(as the case may be). 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 51 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 51 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Fixed Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
in accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
1. 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(2) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
2. 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in that 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360; and 
3. 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the relevant period divided by 365. 
In these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 52 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 52 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 53 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 53 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(A) 
(1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Melbourne and Wellington, respectively or (2) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor or replacement system ("T2") is open;  
(B) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which T2 is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be (other than 
in respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, the Agent shall request the principal London office of 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant 
Financial Centre time) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.

--- Page 54 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 54 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is STIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the 11:00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in 
the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is STIBOR) or the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of any other Reference 
Rate, the principal office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
Other than in the case of a Floating Rate Note for which (A) the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars and (B) the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"SOFR", if the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation 
with the Issuer):  
(1) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(2) 
if such Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Reference Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate,

--- Page 55 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 55 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period 
(the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all 
other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iv) during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(B) 
if a Successor Reference Rate, or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined by the relevant 
Independent Adviser in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv); 
(1) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) shall be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(b)(iv)); 
(2) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5(b)(iv)); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, an Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(b)(iv)); 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with 
the Issuer) may specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed in order to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but 
not limited to, (a) the Additional Business Centre(s), 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reference 
Banks, Additional Financial Centre(s) and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (b) 
the method for determining the fallback to the Rate 
of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and

--- Page 56 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 56 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent 
Adviser determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iv)); and 
(4) 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and the 
determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall, by no 
later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date, give notice 
thereof and of any changes (and the effective date thereof) 
pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv) to the Trustee, each of the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority 
as soon as possible after their determination. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee and the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(I) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Reference Rate 
and (z) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(b)(iv); 
(II) 
certifying that the consequential amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and 
(III) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent 
Adviser with respect to each of the matters above. 
The Trustee and the Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and any such other relevant changes pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iv) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s and 
the Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agent of this certificate, the Trustee 
and the Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, use reasonable 
endeavours to effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement) and 
these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer certifies are required to give effect to 
this Condition 5(b)(iv) and neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall be liable to 
any party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither the Trustee nor 
the Agent shall be obliged to effect such amendments if, in the sole opinion of 
the Trustee or the Agent, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or

--- Page 57 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 57 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these 
conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed, in any way). 
In connection with such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
as described in this Condition 5(b)(iv) or such other relevant changes pursuant 
to Condition 5(b)(iv), including for the execution of any documents or the taking 
of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if 
required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iv) prior to the 
relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next 
Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(b)(iv) shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
Condition 5(b)(iii). 
In the Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation 
has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser in its discretion determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate;  
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser 
determines has replaced the Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of 
notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 58 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 58 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or  
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
(iii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
has been or will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (a); 
or 
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under this Condition 5(b)(iv); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or any component part 
thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iv); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (C) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or 
(D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(v) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(A) 
This sub-paragraph (v) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 59 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 59 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(B) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (v): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period 
(as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to

--- Page 60 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 60 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the applicable Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 5(b)(v), be:  
(1) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and 
(b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest determined rate under 
(A). 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(v), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this subparagraph (v), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 61 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 61 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(vi) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(A) 
This sub-paragraph (vi) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (vi): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this sub-paragraph (vi). 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
the interest rate basis for the calculation of interest) computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period;

--- Page 62 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 62 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period 
or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the applicable Final Terms or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(vi)(D) below, if the rate specified in (i) above does not 
so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations

--- Page 63 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 63 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Trustee or Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to 
this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii)  will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or 
the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including

--- Page 64 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 64 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as 
published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA

--- Page 65 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 65 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(E) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under Condition 5(b)(vii)(D) above will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date on which such changes take effect.  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee 
and the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(a) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(b); and  
(b)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
are appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, where the 
Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or determines that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, certifying that the manner in which 
the Issuer has determined the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes is reasonable). 
The Trustee and the Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark Replacement and 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any) and any such other relevant changes 
pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(vi) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s and the Agent’s 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.  
Subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agent of this certificate, the Trustee and the 
Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to effect 
such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (including, 
inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement) and these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer certifies are required to 
give effect to this Condition 5(b)(vi) and neither the Trustee nor the Agent shall be liable

--- Page 66 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 66 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that neither the Trustee nor the Agent 
shall be obliged to effect such amendments if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the 
Agent, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to it in these conditions and/or any documents to which it 
is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed, in any way). 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 5(b)(vi), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vii) 
Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(A) 
This Condition sub-paragraph (vii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and the "Reference Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being "€STR". 
(B) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(C) 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (vii): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 67 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 67 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
provided by the €STR Administrator on the €STR Administrator's Website  (or, if no 
longer published on the €STR Administrator's Website, as otherwise published by it or 
provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET 
Settlement Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the €STR Administrator); 
"€STR Administrator" means the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
"€STR Administrator's Website" means the website of the European Central Bank (or 
any successor source); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Settlement 
Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days 
prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (B) such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable;  
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift 
Period" (as applicable) in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such period is specified, five 
TARGET Settlement Days; and

--- Page 68 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 68 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for settlement of 
payments in euro. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(vii)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be 
determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by €STR 
Administrator on the €STR Administrator's Website.  
(E) 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(iv), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of Condition 5(b)(vii)(B), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(viii) Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index  
This sub-paragraph (viii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and "Index Determination" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days;

--- Page 69 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 69 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the fifth decimal 
place rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise specified 
shall be five. 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) 
on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
Subject to Condition 5(b)(iv) or Condition 5(b)(vii)(D), as applicable, if, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the 
relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that 
Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 5(b)(vi) or 
Condition 5(b)(vii), as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case 
"Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
and where the Observation Shift Period for the purposes of Condition 5(b)(vi) or Condition 
5(b)(vii) (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the 
Final Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will 
be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) in the case of SONIA Compounded 
Index, a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5(b)(v) 
shall apply and (ii) in the case of SOFR Compounded Index, a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(vii)(D). 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall not be less than zero. If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate 
of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(x) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 70 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 70 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such subunit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
1. 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
3. 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
4. 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
5. 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 71 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 71 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
6. 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
7. 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 72 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 72 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (as defined below) 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(xii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Trustee and 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative 
arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(xiii) Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this paragraph (b) by the 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Parent, the Agent, the 
Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Parent, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Each Fixed to Floating Rate Note bears interest at a rate which shall be automatically converted 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate at the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as provided in the 
Trust Deed. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee

--- Page 73 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 73 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes 
will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia) and its possessions). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such global Note by 
the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, as 
applicable.

--- Page 74 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 74 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
The holder of a global Note (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall be the only person 
entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Parent will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such global Note (or the Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid. Each of 
the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Parent to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note (or the Trustee, as the 
case may be). No person other than the holder of such global Note (or the Trustee, as the case may 
be) shall have any claim against the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Parent in respect of any 
payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, U.S. dollar payments of principal and/ 
or interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America): 
(a) 
if 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law; or 
(b) 
at the option of the relevant holder if such payment is then permitted under United States 
law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer or the Parent, adverse tax consequences 
for the Issuer or the Parent. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Melbourne 
and Wellington, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
T2 is open;  
(ii) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified (other than T2) in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which T2 is open.

--- Page 75 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 75 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution 
therefore pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution 
therefore pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which shall be its nominal amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If the Issuer or the Parent satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred 
to below that (i) as a result of any change in the laws of Sweden, which becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation); or (ii) on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, the 
Parent would be unable to procure the Issuer to make payment and, in making such payment itself 
under the Guarantee, the Parent would, as a result of any change in the laws of Sweden, which 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer may at its option, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all the Notes, but not some only, at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 
(h) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with

--- Page 76 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 76 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more than a 
Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection 
Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of 
all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided 
that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. 
No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including 
the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this sub-paragraph 
(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
If Make-whole Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (such date being 
hereinafter called the "Make-whole Redemption Date")) redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption 
Amount. On or not later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and such other parties as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All Notes 
in respect of which any such notice referred to above is given shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of 
all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided 
that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. 
No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including 
the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this sub-paragraph 
(d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 77 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 77 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the Issuer in its sole  discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice 
may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-
whole Redemption Date so delayed, in each case provided that the Issuer shall have given notice 
of any such cancellation or delay of redemption to the Noteholders at least 5 Business Days prior 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date or the Make-whole Redemption Date so delayed, 
respectively, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark Rate" means the average of the two quotations given by the Reference Dealers on 
the Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time ("CET")) of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Determination Agent at 
11.00 a.m. CET on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Determination Agent to the 
Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 5(b)(i)) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date; 
"Determination Agent" means the investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-whole Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, an amount 
in the Specified Currency of the Notes, determined by the Determination Agent, equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and (y) the sum of the present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Calculation Amount 
(excluding any interest accruing on the Calculation Amount from, and including, the 
Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date) discounted from the Maturity Date (or if Residual Maturity Call 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Par Call Date) to the Make-whole Redemption 
Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Calculation Amount from, and including, the 
Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-
whole Redemption Date; 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Determination Agent, of 
the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin; 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the two Dealers selected by the Issuer or, in the event that 
such Dealers cease to be Dealers under the Programme, each of the two banks selected by the 
Issuer which are primary European government security dealers; and 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 78 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, 20 per cent. or less of the 
aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes remain outstanding, provided that those 
Notes that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and/or 
Condition 7(d) (Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer). Any such redemption shall be at par 
together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Residual Maturity Call at the Option of the Issuer 
If Residual Maturity Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice  to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, at any time from and including the Par Call Date (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms) to but excluding the Maturity Date, at their principal amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject 
to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, deliver, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice being given on their 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7(g) shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default), in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7(g).

--- Page 79 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 79 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10 (Events of Default), the Notes will be 
redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") determined or calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note other than a Zero Coupon Note, at the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y  
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 365). 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Parent, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
all Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (f) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph (h)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(
)y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=

--- Page 80 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 80 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Agent or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders either 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) or individually. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges ("Taxes") of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Sweden 
or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, Sweden having power to tax unless the 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Parent will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of 
any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable for the Taxes 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of such holder having some connection with 
Sweden other than (1) the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or (2) the receipt of 
principal or interest in respect of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim 
for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that 
the holder thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in Sweden. 
(b) 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
but, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent or the Trustee 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Noteholders by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Issuer and the Parent shall be permitted 
to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (or any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in 
connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that 
is not an agent of the Issuer or the Parent not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. Neither the Issuer nor the Parent will have any obligation to pay additional amounts 
or otherwise indemnify a holder for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the 
Issuer, the Parent, the Paying Agent or any other party.  
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefore. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) (Presentation of

--- Page 81 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 81 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Presentation of Notes 
and Coupons). 
10. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer 
that the Notes are, and they shall accordingly thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(h) (Early Redemption Amounts)) together 
with accrued interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed, in any of the following events: 
(i) 
default is made in the payment of any principal due in respect of the Notes or any of them 
and default continues for a period of 15 days or if default is made in the payment of any 
interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period 
of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Parent defaults in the performance of any other obligation under the Trust 
Deed and (except where such default is not capable of remedy when no such notice or 
continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default continues for 60 
days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Issuer and the Parent by the 
Trustee; or 
(iii) 
other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal 
Subsidiary (as defined in the Trust Deed) becomes repayable prematurely as a 
consequence of any default by it in its obligations in respect of the same, or the Issuer, the 
Parent or any Principal Subsidiary fails to repay any such indebtedness for borrowed 
money when due (subject to any permitted grace period applicable to the repayment of 
such indebtedness for borrowed money) or fails to perform its payment obligations under 
any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any indebtedness for borrowed 
money of any other person within any grace period applicable to any payment due under 
such indebtedness for borrowed money, provided that the aggregate principal amount of 
all such indebtedness for borrowed money which has become prematurely repayable or 
has not been repaid or in respect of which the guarantee and/or indemnity has not been 
performed amounts to at least U.S.$150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); 
or 
(iv) 
a resolution is passed or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction is made that the 
Issuer, the Parent or any Principal Subsidiary be wound up or dissolved otherwise than for 
the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction the terms of 
which have previously been approved by the Trustee, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld; or 
(v) 
an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed of the whole or a material 
part of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal Subsidiary; or 
(vi) 
a distress, execution or seizure before judgment is levied or enforced upon or sued out 
against a material part of the property of the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal Subsidiary 
and is not discharged within 60 days thereof; or 
(vii) 
the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal Subsidiary stops payment or (otherwise than for the 
purposes of such an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction as is referred to in paragraph 
(iv) of this Condition) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially the whole 
of its business or is unable to pay its debts as and when they fall due; or 
(viii) 
proceedings shall have been initiated against the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal 
Subsidiary under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or re-organisation law and such 
proceedings shall not have been discharged or stayed within a period of 60 days; or 
(ix) 
the Issuer, the Parent or any Principal Subsidiary initiates or consents to proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable bankruptcy, composition, insolvency or re-

--- Page 82 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 82 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
organisation law or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into 
any composition with, its creditors; or 
(x) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Parent not to be, in full force and effect, 
provided that, in the case of any event other than those described in sub-paragraphs (i), (iv) (in the case of 
a winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or the Parent) and (x) above, the Trustee shall have certified to the 
Issuer and the Parent that the event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Agent, or any other place approved by the Trustee of which notice shall have 
been published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as 
the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set 
out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Parent are, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, entitled to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any 
change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of that stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city approved by the 
Trustee other than in Sweden; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Parent shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent (such Paying Agent having 
been approved in writing by the Trustee) having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances 
described in the final paragraph of Condition 6(b) (Presentation of Notes and Coupons). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in the Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect 
of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in the Financial Times or any other daily newspaper 
in London approved by the Trustee or, if this is not possible, in one other English language daily newspaper 
approved by the Trustee with general circulation in Europe, and (ii) if the Notes are listed on the Official 
List, and admitted to trading on the regulated market, of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as the 
rules of that exchange so require) in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg which is

--- Page 83 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 83 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
expected to be Luxemburger Wort and/or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication in all the required newspapers and, if applicable, on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed on 
any stock exchange, the rules of such exchange or any other relevant authority permit) so long as the global 
Note(s) is/are held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes, except that if the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange notice will, in any event, be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg or in places required by the rules of that Stock Exchange so long as the rules of the relevant 
exchange so require. And, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any other 
stock exchange or any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or any other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by that stock exchange or any such other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second Business Day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including hybrid and virtual meetings) of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions 
of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of 
the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons) or certain of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than three-quarters, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than a clear 
majority, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders or by way of electronic consent given by way of electronic consent 
through the relevant clearing systems shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification (subject as provided above) of, or to any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, or may determine that any condition, event or act which, but for such determination, would constitute 
an Event of Default, shall not be treated as such which in any such case, in the opinion of the Trustee, is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or to any modification of any of these Terms 
and Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or which is made to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to use reasonable 
endeavours to effect such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Terms and 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to (i) Condition 5(b)(iv) in connection with effecting 
any Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or any other related changes 
referred to in Condition 5(b)(iv) and (ii) Condition 5(b)(vi) in connection with effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any

--- Page 84 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 84 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
other related changes referred to in Condition 5(b)(vi), subject to the provisions thereof, without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification, 
waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and Couponholders and, unless 
the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions (including, but 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee shall 
have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise of its trusts, powers, authorities or discretions for 
individual Noteholders and Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer or the Parent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided 
for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 
8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice take such proceedings against the Issuer and/or 
the Parent as it may think fit to enforce the obligations of the Issuer and/or the Parent under the Trust Deed 
and the Notes and Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action 
unless (i) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or so requested 
in writing by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (ii) it shall 
have been indemnified to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer and/or the Parent unless the Trustee, having become bound so to do, fails so to 
do within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing. 
18. 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree with the Issuer and 
the Parent (or, if applicable, their successors in business as defined in the Trust Deed) to the substitution (i) 
in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of (I) the successor in business of the Issuer or (II) another company 
being the Parent (or the successor in business of the Parent) or of any of the other Subsidiaries of the Parent 
(or its successor in business as aforesaid), or (ii) in place of the Parent (or of any previous substitute under 
this provision) of its successor in business, subject in each case to (a) except where the Parent becomes the 
principal debtor the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Parent or its successor 
in business, (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution, and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied 
with. 
19. 
Indemnification 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility in certain circumstances including provisions relieving it from instituting proceedings to 
enforce repayment unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
20. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.

--- Page 85 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 85 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
21. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
The Issuer and the Parent have each irrevocably agreed in the Trust Deed for the exclusive benefit of the 
Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with 
them) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection therewith (together 
referred to as "Proceedings") may be brought in the courts of England. 
The Issuer and the Parent have in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally waived and agreed not to 
raise any objection which they may have now or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings 
in the courts of England and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum 
and have further irrevocably and unconditionally agreed that a judgment in any Proceedings brought in the 
courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Parent and 
may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this provision shall limit any right to 
take Proceedings against the Issuer or the Parent in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. The Issuer and the Parent have in the Trust Deed appointed VFS 
Financial Services Limited at its office for the time being at Wedgnock Lane, Warwick CV34 5YA as their 
agent in England for service of process on their behalf and have agreed that in the event of VFS Financial 
Services Limited ceasing so to act they will appoint such other person as the Trustee may approve as their 
agent for service of process.

--- Page 86 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 86 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) 
below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be:  
a) used for the Issuer's general funding purposes; or  
b) in respect of Green Bonds, applied to a Green Asset Portfolio which will be used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Volvo Group's investments in Eligible Assets as further 
described in the Green Finance Framework (as amended or supplemented from time to time) 
available on the Volvo Group website (https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-
group/markets/master/investors/debt-information/green-financing/volvo-green-finance-
framework.pdf) which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not form part of, and shall not be 
incorporated in, this Prospectus; or  
c) used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
In respect of (b) above, the Green Finance Framework has been prepared by the Volvo Group in accordance 
with inter alia the green bond principles of the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (as may 
be further updated) (the "Principles"). For each issuance of Green Bonds, the Volvo Group will comply 
with the following four core components of the Principles: (i) the description of the use of proceeds of the 
Green Bonds, (ii) the disclosure of its process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of 
the proceeds of the Green Bonds and (iv) regular reporting on such use of proceeds.  
 
Use of proceeds: The Green Finance Framework describes the Green Asset Portfolio and the Eligible Assets 
to which an amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Green Bonds may be allocated. The Green 
Asset Portfolio consists of Eligible Assets financed through green financing. Eligible Assets promote the 
transition to a low-carbon transportation future and climate resilient growth, and mainly target the objective 
of climate change mitigation by focussing on the electrification of vehicles and equipment, as well as the 
provision of energy-efficient customer solution services. The proceeds raised by an issuance of Green 
Bonds may be applied towards new assets, refinancing existing assets or acquisitions in accordance with 
the Green Finance Framework. Eligible Assets include investments in clean transportation which fall into 
three categories: a) capital and operating expenditure for R&D and design, b) capital expenditure for 
sourcing, tooling, testing concepts, manufacturing, production processes and production facilities, and c) 
customer finance for zero tailpipe emission electric and fuel cell electric vehicles, machines and engines.  
Project evaluation and selection: The Volvo Group's Green Finance Committee ("GFC") is entrusted with 
evaluating and selecting Eligible Assets and allocating green financing to such assets. The GFC is 
responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the Green Asset Portfolio, for replacing investments that no 
longer meet the eligibility criteria, for the reporting of environmental outcomes and for updating the Green 
Finance Framework. The GFC meets when required and at a minimum on a bi-annual basis and the Green 
Asset Portfolio is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. In selecting Eligible Assets and allocating 
green financing, the GFC also considers aspects such as human and labour rights and the avoidance of 
significant harm to the other environmental objectives defined in the EU Taxonomy Regulation, to the 
extent possible.  
Management of proceeds: An amount equal to the net proceeds of any green financing raised is credited to 
an earmarked register and tracked separately in order to support the Volvo Group’s financing of the Green 
Asset Portfolio. As long as any green financing is outstanding, funds can be deducted from the earmarked 
register and used for the financing of Eligible Assets. The earmarked register ensures the monitoring and 
tracking of proceeds.  
 
If, for any reason, an Eligible Asset ceases to comply with the eligibility requirements set out in the Green 
Finance Framework, the asset will be removed from the Green Asset Portfolio and no further proceeds from 
green financing will be allocated to such asset. Proceeds so removed may be allocated to other Eligible 
Assets, or may be held in cash pending future allocation. Green financing not yet allocated to Eligible 
Assets will be held by the Volvo Group's treasury in cash. 
 
Reporting: The Volvo Group provides and makes available an investor report on its Green Asset Portfolio 
annually (a "Green Finance Investor Report") on its website (www.volvogroup.com). The Green Finance

--- Page 87 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 87 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Investor Report covers allocation and impact reporting. In relation to the allocation reporting, the Volvo 
Group aims to report, where feasible and subject to data availability and competition and confidentiality 
considerations, on the type of financing instruments and respective outstanding amounts, the balance of 
unallocated amounts (if any), the information on the split between new financing and re-financing, the 
distribution of Eligible Assets categories financed, the geographical distribution of Eligible Assets on 
country level for units sold and customer finance, and a list of projects financed with a brief description of 
the projects, finance allocated, and amounts disbursed and expected impacts. In relation to impact reporting, 
the Volvo Group aims to provide, where feasible and subject to data availability and competition and 
confidentiality considerations, reporting on the expected or actual environmental outputs and/or impact of 
the Eligible Assets Portfolio. The methodology for deriving the impact indicators is outlined in the report. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Finance Investor Report and any other reporting does not form part 
of, and shall not be incorporated in, this Prospectus. 
 
The Volvo Group also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second 
opinion provider (the "Second Party Opinion"). A Second Party Opinion has been obtained on the Green 
Finance Framework from the Second Party Opinion Provider, assessing the sustainability of the Green 
Finance Framework and its alignment with the Principles. It is available on the Volvo Group website 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/content/dam/volvo-group/markets/master/investors/debt-
information/green-financing/cicero-shades-of-green-volvo-group.pdf) and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
does not form part of, and shall not be incorporated in, this Prospectus. Any amendment to such Second 
Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided following an amendment to the Green 
Finance Framework, the publication of a new Green Finance Framework or in application of any new 
legislation or regulation, will be made available on the Volvo Group website.

--- Page 88 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 88 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Volvo Treasury AB (publ) (the "Issuer") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Parent and was established 
on 4 May 1970 under the laws of Sweden and started its current business on 28 June 1985 for an indefinite 
period of time. The Issuer is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office under No. 556135-
4449 as a public company with limited liability, has its registered office in Gothenburg, Sweden and address 
at SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden and operates under Swedish law. The telephone number of the office is 
+46 31 66 95 33. As of 31 March 2024, the issued share capital of the Issuer amounted to SEK 500 million 
and was fully paid up. The share capital is divided into 5,000,000 ordinary shares, each with a quota value 
of SEK 100. 
The objects of the Issuer's operations are set out in paragraph 2 of its Articles of Association. They include 
(directly or through the holding of shares or participation rights in other companies) owning and managing 
real estate, movable property, capital and financial instruments, carrying on consulting activities within the 
aforementioned areas as well as activities compatible therewith. 
The Issuer is acting as an internal bank for the Volvo Group. The Issuer supports the Volvo Group 
companies with services related to treasury and cash management. The Issuer conducts most of the financial 
transactions of the Volvo Group. The Issuer is responsible for all interest-bearing assets and liabilities as 
well as all foreign exchange and funding operations within the Volvo Group. Consolidated financial 
management offers better potential to utilise the Volvo Group's financial assets and cash flow and 
professionally manage risks related to financial management. The Parent owns 100 per cent. of the shares 
of the Issuer and therefore holds all the voting rights at the shareholder's general meetings. 
The Issuer's operations are carried out according to centrally determined risk mandates and limits designed 
to minimise the credit, currency, interest rate and liquidity risks to which the Volvo Group is exposed. 
These risks and the manner in which the Volvo Group handles them are presented in the Volvo Group 
Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" herein). 
The Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the "Code") is not applicable to the Issuer as it has no shares 
listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. The Parent applies the Code as it has shares listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
Management of the Issuer 
Frederik Ljungdahl 
Head of Group Treasury  
Thomas Lestin 
President of Volvo Treasury AB (publ) and Head of Treasury Risk 
Erik Annerstedt 
Karin Heltborg 
Legal Counsel, AB Volvo (publ) 
Head of Treasury Operations and Digitalisation 
Joakim Berger 
Head of Treasury Control and Compliance 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the Management and their private 
interests or other duties to the best of the Issuer's knowledge. 
The business address of the above-mentioned persons is SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden. 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer currently states that the Board of Directors shall comprise a 
minimum of three and a maximum of ten members and a maximum of the same number of deputies. These 
are elected each year at the annual general meeting for the period up to the end of the next annual general 
meeting. Annual general meetings are to be held in Gothenburg not later than 30 June each year. 
Frederik Ljungdahl 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Volvo Treasury 
AB (publ)

--- Page 89 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 89 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Thomas Lestin 
President and Board member of Volvo Treasury AB 
(publ) 
Erik Annerstedt 
Karin Heltborg 
Board member of Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Board member of Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
Joakim Berger 
Board member of Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the Board of Directors and their private 
interests or other duties to the best of the Issuer's knowledge. 
The business address of the above-mentioned persons is SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden. 
Auditors 
The Issuer's auditors are elected at the annual general meeting. The auditor of the Issuer is Deloitte AB, 
which most recently was elected at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Issuer until the end of the 2025 
Annual General Meeting of the Issuer. Fredrik Jonsson is auditor in charge. The address of Deloitte AB can 
be found on the last page of this Prospectus. Deloitte AB is a member of FAR (the professional institute for 
authorised public accountants (auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants (godkända revisorer) 
and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden).  
 
Further information on the Issuer is available on the dedicated page of the Volvo Group website: 
https://www.volvogroup.com/en-en/about-us/organization/other-entities/volvo-group-treasury.html  
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the Volvo 
Group website does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 90 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 90 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARENT 
General 
AB Volvo (publ) (the "Parent" or "AB Volvo") is the parent company of the Volvo Group and was 
incorporated on 5 May 1915 under the laws of Sweden for an indefinite period of time. The Parent is 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office under No. 556012-5790 as a public company 
with limited liability, has its registered office at SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden and operates under 
Swedish law. The telephone number of the office is +46 31 66 00 00. 
The objects of the Parent's operations are set out in paragraph 2 of its Articles of Association. They include 
(directly or through subsidiaries) carrying on business within the areas of transport, foodstuffs, energy, and 
finance (with the exception, however, of activities provided for under the Swedish Banking Business Act 
and the Swedish Credit Market Companies Act), managing real estate and moveable property, and carrying 
on other activities compatible therewith. 
The Parent is the holding company of all the companies in the Volvo Group, directly or indirectly, and the 
assets of the Parent are substantially comprised of shares in Volvo Group companies. The Parent does not 
conduct any business itself and is therefore dependent on the Volvo Group companies and the revenues 
received by them. 
The Volvo Group is an international transport equipment group with a worldwide marketing organisation 
and production. The Parent started production of cars in 1927 and of trucks in 1928. Historically, the Volvo 
Group has operated in two main areas: cars and vehicles for commercial use. The latter includes trucks, 
buses, construction equipment and marine and industrial engines. Operations have also included production 
of aircraft engine components and related services. The Volvo Group also has a financial services operation. 
In March 1999, the Volvo Group sold Volvo Cars to Ford Motor Company. Through the acquisition of 
Mack Trucks Inc. and Renault V.I. in 2001, the Volvo Group strengthened its position as a producer of 
heavy-duty trucks. Through the acquisitions of Japanese truck manufacturer Nissan Diesel (name changed 
to UD Trucks in 2009), Chinese wheel-loader manufacturer Lingong and Ingersoll Rand's division for road 
construction equipment in 2007, the formation of a joint-venture within trucks and buses with India-based 
Eicher Motors in 2008 as well as the acquisition of 45 per cent. of Dongfeng Commercial Vehicles in China 
in 2015, the Volvo Group has considerably strengthened its position in Asia. On 1 October 2012, the Volvo 
Group completed the divestment of Volvo Aero to GKN. In recent years, the Volvo Group has also divested 
non-core operations such as Volvo Rents, real estate, and the external IT business. The Volvo Group is 
today focused on the commercial transport products segment. During 2021, Volvo entered into several 
strategic alliances and partnerships with leading companies in order to remain at the forefront as regards 
the latest findings within connectivity, automation and electrification. Collaborations and partnerships 
included, among others, the creation of cellcentric, a fuel cell joint venture, with Daimler Truck and the 
creation of a joint venture, Milence, with Daimler Truck and Traton Group in order to install and operate a 
high-performance public charging network for battery electric, heavy-duty long-haul trucks and coaches 
across Europe. In 2021, the Volvo Group also formed a strategic alliance with Isuzu Motors, which included 
the sale of UD Trucks to Isuzu Motors. 
Headquartered in Gothenburg, Sweden the Volvo Group had 104,905 employees including temporary 
employees and consultants as at 31 March 2024. The Volvo Group operates in an international environment 
with manufacturing carried out in 18 countries and with sales in almost 190 markets and its shares are 
traded on Nasdaq Stockholm. 
Principal activities 
The Volvo Group has its origins in 1927. The first truck, the Series 1, was presented in January 1928. The 
Volvo Group is one of the world's leading suppliers of commercial transport and infrastructure solutions, 
offering trucks, buses, construction equipment, power solutions for marine and industrial applications, 
financing and services that increase customers’ uptime and productivity. 
Principal markets 
Volvo Group customers are active in almost 190 markets. Volvo Group sales of products and services are 
conducted through both wholly owned and independent dealers. The global service network handles 
customer demand for spare parts and other services.

--- Page 91 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 91 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
Information relating to organisation and structure of the Volvo Group's business activities is incorporated 
by reference through the Volvo Group Annual Report 2023.  
Recent Developments – Significant Events 
Volvo completed acquisition of battery business from Proterra Inc. and Proterra Operating 
Company 
 
On 1 February 2024, the Volvo Group completed the previously announced transaction, whereby the Volvo 
Group acquired the battery business from Proterra Inc. and Proterra Operating Company Inc. The 
acquisition, which was made at a purchase price of SEK 2.4 billion, includes a development centre for 
battery modules and packs in California and an assembly factory in Greer, South Carolina. The assets as 
well as the skills and competence of the Proterra team are great complements to the Volvo Group's current 
footprint and enables the Group to accelerate its battery-electric roadmap. The transaction has no material 
impact on the Volvo Group's financial performance. 
Volvo Group signs agreement with Westport for joint venture to reduce CO2 emissions from long 
haul transport 
 
On 11 March 2024, the Volvo Group signed an agreement according to a previously announced Letter of 
Intent with Westport Fuel Systems Inc to establish a joint venture to accelerate the commercialization and 
global adoption of Westport’s High Pressure Direct Injection (“HPDI”) fuel system technology for long-
haul and off-road applications. As previously announced, Westport will contribute certain HPDI assets and 
opportunities, including related fixed assets, intellectual property, and business, into the joint venture. 
Volvo Group will acquire a 45 per cent.  interest in the joint venture for approximately SEK 290 million, 
plus up to an additional approximately SEK 460 million depending on the performance of the joint venture. 
It is anticipated that the joint venture will become operational following the formal closing which is 
expected in the second quarter of 2024, subject to certain conditions, including regulatory and government 
approvals. 
 
Volvo Group and Renault Group completes creation of a joint venture for an all-new generation of 
electric vans: Flexis SAS 
 
Following the binding joint venture agreements signed on 6 October 2023, Volvo Group and Renault Group 
on 22 March 2024 announced that they had obtained all the required regulatory approvals and had officially 
launched the new company Flexis SAS for the next generation fully electric and software defined vehicles. 
The new company, which will be based in France, will address the growing needs of decarbonized and 
efficient urban logistics. Volvo Group and Renault Group plan to invest EUR 300 million respectively over 
the next three years. The initial investment for Volvo Group’s share in Flexis amounted to SEK 2.4 billion. 
On 3 April 2024, CMA CGM Group acquired a 10 per cent. stake in Flexis and will invest up to EUR 120 
M by 2026. 
 
Annual General Meeting of AB Volvo 
 
AB Volvo held its Annual General Meeting on 27 March 2024. The Annual General Meeting adopted the 
income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated 
balance sheet. In accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal, the Meeting resolved that an ordinary 
dividend of SEK 7.50 per share and an extraordinary dividend of SEK 10.50 per share should be paid to 
the shareholders. 2 April 2024 was decided as the record date for the right to receive dividends. The Board 
Members, Board Deputies and the President and CEO were discharged from liability for their 
administration during the 2023 fiscal year. Matti Alahuhta, Bo Annvik, Jan Carlson, Eric Elzvik, Martha 
Finn Brooks, Kurt Jofs, Martin Lundstedt, Kathryn V. Marinello, Martina Merz and Helena Stjernholm 
were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. Pär Boman was elected as new member of the Board 
of Directors. Pär Boman was elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The auditing firm Deloitte AB 
was re-elected as auditor for the period until the close of the Annual General Meeting 2025, in accordance 
with the Election Committee’s proposal and the Board of Directors' and the Audit Committee’s 
recommendation. Fredrik Persson (AB Industrivärden), Anders Oscarsson (AMF and AMF Funds), Carina 
Silberg (Alecta), Anders Algotsson (AFA Insurance) and the Chairman of the Board of Directors were

--- Page 92 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 92 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
elected members of the Election Committee. The Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors' 
remuneration report. 
Volvo Group to increase North American heavy-duty truck production capacity 
 
On 11 April 2024, Volvo Group announced that it will build a new heavy-duty truck manufacturing plant 
in Mexico to supplement the Groupʼs U.S. production. The plant will provide additional capacity to support 
the growth plans of both Volvo Trucks and Mack Trucks in the U.S. and Canadian markets and support 
Mack’s truck sales in Mexico and Latin America. The plant is expected to be operational in 2026. The new 
plant will be approximately 1.7 million square feet in size and will focus on production of heavy-duty 
conventional vehicles for the Volvo and Mack brands. It will be a complete conventional vehicle assembly 
facility including cab body-in-white production and paint. 
Management and Conflicts of Interest  
Information relating to the management of the Parent is incorporated by reference on pages 194-211 of the 
Volvo Group Annual Report 2023 and in the "Recent Developments – Significant Events" section above. 
The business address of the Board of Directors and the Volvo Group Executive Board is AB Volvo (publ), 
SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden. 
As at 31 March 2024, the cumulative shareholdings of the Board members of the Parent and the members 
of the Volvo Group Executive Board amounted to less than 1 per cent. of the votes and shares in the Parent. 
Conflicts of interest may occasionally occur between duties of a member of the Volvo Group Executive 
Board or a member of the Board of Directors of the Parent and such member's duties to a third party. In the 
event that any conflict of interest is deemed to exist in any matter, the person subject to the conflicting 
interests will not handle or participate in any decision relating to the matter. Apart from such occasional 
conflicts of interest, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties of a member of the Board of 
Directors of the Parent and such member's private interests or other duties to the best of the Parent's 
knowledge. 
According to the Volvo Group's Code of Conduct, all employees of Volvo Group have an obligation to 
work in the best interests of the company, and to avoid or disclose situations where their private, financial, 
or other external interests, conflict with their job responsibilities.  
Major Shareholders 
The share capital amounts to SEK 2,562,149,625 and is fully paid up. The share capital of the Parent is 
divided into two series of shares, A and B. Both series carry the same rights, except that each Series A share 
carries the right to one vote and each Series B share carries the right to one tenth of a vote. There are 
2,033,452,084 shares, of which 444,984,660 Series A shares and 1,588,467,424 Series B shares as at 31 
March 2024. 
On 31 March 2024, the following shareholders were known to the Parent to be the largest shareholders of 
the Parent. 
 
Holding of 
Holding of 
Holding of 
Share of 
Owner 
A-shares  
B-shares  
A+B-shares 
Capital 
Votes 
Industrivärden 
166 600 000 
19 600 000 
186 200 000 
9.2% 
27.9% 
Geely Holding 
88 474 625 
49 465 849 
137 940 474 
6.8% 
15.5% 
AMF Insurance & Funds 
28 500 000 
39 231 973 
67 731 973 
3.3% 
5.4% 
Alecta 
20 982 000 
33 979 010 
54 961 010 
2.7% 
4.0% 
AFA Insurance 
13 745 772 
2 151 682 
15 897 454 
0.8% 
2.3% 
BlackRock 
7 640 143 
62 213 347 
69 853 490 
3.4% 
2.3% 
Vanguard 
7 223 514 
58 779 416 
66 002 930 
3.2% 
2.2%

--- Page 93 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 93 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
 
Holding of 
Holding of 
Holding of 
Share of 
Owner 
A-shares  
B-shares  
A+B-shares 
Capital 
Votes 
Swedbank Robur Funds 
1 826 596 
80 673 968 
82 500 564 
4.1% 
1.6% 
AP4 Fund 
9 403 762 
1 556 526 
10 960 288 
0.5% 
1.6% 
Skandia Life 
4 868 089 
9 023 483 
13 891 572 
0.7% 
1.0% 
Norges Bank Investment 
Management 
2 583 527 
26 698 183 
29 281 710 
1.4% 
0.9% 
SHB Funds 
373 464 
44 208 826 
44 582 290 
2.2% 
0.8% 
SEB Funds & Life 
94 336 
43 516 883 
43 611 219 
2.1% 
0.7% 
JP Morgan Asset Management 
283 872 
28 115 075 
28 398 947 
1.4% 
0.5% 
Capital Group 
0 
30 849 314 
30 849 314 
1.5% 
0.5% 
State Street Global Advisors 
1 614 566 
12 247 024 
13 861 590 
0.7% 
0.5% 
Nordea Funds 
12 712 
27 361 773 
27 374 485 
1.3% 
0.5% 
AP1 Fund 
0 
23 133 381 
23 133 381 
1.1% 
0.4% 
Dimensional Fund Advisors 
1 294 687 
8 816 652 
10 111 339 
0.5% 
0.4% 
Fidelity Investments (FMR) 
1 294 687 
8 816 652 
10 111 339 
0.5% 
0.4% 
Government of Japan Pension 
Investment Fund 
1 016 101 
9 882 610 
10 898 711 
0.5% 
0.3% 
Folketrygdfondet 
1 420 771 
5 615 196 
7 035 967 
0.3% 
0.3% 
Northern Trust 
1 016 905 
9 047 573 
10 064 478 
0.5% 
0.3% 
If Skadeförsäkring AB 
1 287 600 
5 022 563 
6 310 163 
0.3% 
0.3% 
Folksam 
0 
17 573 948 
17 573 948 
0.9% 
0.3% 
 
On 31 March 2024, there were 393,101 shareholders of the Parent's shares registered with the Swedish 
Securities Register Centre, Euroclear Sweden AB.  
The Parent confirms that, to the knowledge of the Parent, as of 31 March 2024, no entity or person directly 
or indirectly controls the Parent.  
Auditors 
The Parent's auditors are elected at the annual general meeting. The current auditor is Deloitte AB, which 
was initially elected at the 2018 Annual General Meeting of the Parent for a period of four years, re-elected 
at the 2022 Annual General Meeting and the 2023 Annual General Meeting, respectively, of the Parent for 
periods of one year each, and, thereafter, re-elected at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Parent for 
another period of one year. Fredrik Jonsson has been appointed auditor in charge. The address of the 
auditors can be found on the last page of this Prospectus. Deloitte AB is a member of FAR (the professional 
institute for authorised public accountants (auktoriserade revisorer), approved public accountants 
(godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in Sweden).  
Litigation 
Starting in January 2011, the Volvo Group, together with a number of other truck manufacturers, was 
investigated by the European Commission in relation to a possible violation of EU antitrust rules. In July 
2016, the European Commission adopted a settlement decision against the Volvo Group and other truck 
manufacturers finding that they were involved in an antitrust infringement which, in the case of the Volvo 
Group, covered a 14-year period from 1997 to 2011. The Volvo Group paid a monetary fine of EUR 670 
million. Following the adoption of the European Commission’s settlement decision, the Volvo Group has 
received and is defending itself against a significant number of private damages claims brought by

--- Page 94 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 94 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
customers and other third parties alleging that they suffered loss, directly or indirectly, by reason of the 
conduct covered in the decision. The claims relate primarily to Volvo Group trucks sold during the 14-year 
period of the infringement and, in some cases, to trucks sold in certain periods after the infringement ended. 
Some claims have also been made against the Volvo Group that relate to trucks sold by other manufacturers. 
The truck manufacturers subject to the 2016 settlement decision are, in most countries, jointly and severally 
liable for any losses arising from the infringement. In the region of 3,000 claims are being brought in over 
20 countries (including EU member states, the United Kingdom, Norway and Israel) by large numbers of 
claimants either acting individually or as part of a wider group or class of claimants. Further claims may be 
commenced. The litigation in many countries can be expected to run for several years. Several hundred 
thousand trucks sold by the Volvo Group are currently subject to claims against it or other truck 
manufacturers, with claimants alleging that the infringement resulted in an increase in the prices paid for 
Volvo Group trucks which directly or indirectly caused them loss. The Volvo Group maintains its firm 
view that no damage was caused to its customers or any third party by the conduct set out in the settlement 
decision, and in fact, the European Commission did not assess any potential effects of the infringement on 
the market. The Volvo Group considers that transaction prices the Volvo Group's customers paid for their 
trucks were unaffected by the infringement and were the outcome of individual negotiations across all 
elements of their purchasing requirements, including not only the prices for new trucks but also (where 
relevant) associated products and services sold together with new trucks such as service contracts, 
financing, buy-back guarantees etc. Litigation developments so far have been mixed with some adverse 
outcomes, although uncertainty regarding ultimate exposure to the litigation remains high and it is inherent 
in complex litigation that outlooks and risks fluctuate over time. At this stage it is not possible to make a 
reliable estimate of the total liability that could arise from such proceedings given the complexity of the 
claims and the different (and in some cases relatively early) stages to which national proceedings have 
progressed. However, the litigation is substantial in scale and any adverse outcome or outcomes of some or 
all of the litigation, depending on the nature and extent of such outcomes, may have a material negative 
impact on the Volvo Group’s financial results, cash flows and financial position. In light of progress in 
litigations and current risks, the Volvo Group has in Q2 2023 recognized a cost of SEK 6 billion, besides 
legal fees to advisors, which relate to aspects of the litigation that are currently possible to estimate and 
where an outflow of resources is probable. This is Volvo Group’s current assessment, which may change 
as the litigation progresses.  
As noted in Note 21 in the Volvo Group Annual Report 2023, the Volvo Group has detected that an 
emissions control component used in certain markets and models, may degrade more quickly than expected, 
affecting the vehicles emission performance negatively. The Volvo Group made a provision of SEK 7 
billion impacting the operating income in 2018, relating to the estimated costs to address the issue. Negative 
cash flow effects started in 2019 and will continue in the coming years. As of year end 2023, approximately 
half of the initial provision had been utilized. The Volvo Group will continuously assess the size of the 
provision as the matter develops. 
The Volvo Group is also involved in a number of legal proceedings other than those described above. The 
Volvo Group’s assessment is that such other legal proceedings in aggregate are not likely to entail any risk 
of having a material effect on the Volvo Group’s financial position. 
Further 
information 
on 
the 
Parent 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Volvo 
Group 
website: 
https://www.volvogroup.com/en-en/home.html 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the Volvo 
Group website does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 95 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 95 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investors' State and of the Issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.  
The following is a general description of certain Swedish and Luxembourg tax considerations relating to 
the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, 
whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
 Swedish Taxation  
The following overview outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The overview is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to 
provide general information only. The overview is not exhaustive and does thus not address all potential 
aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes and is neither intended 
to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the overview does not address the rules 
regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies, 
not described below. Investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and 
foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the 
Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such holder 
does not carry on business activities through a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are 
effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or 
interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a non-resident holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the non-resident holder of Notes carries on business activities in Sweden 
through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation 
in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of 
the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden 
or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the 
ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
If the Notes are registered with Euroclear Sweden AB or held by a Swedish nominee in accordance with 
the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479), Swedish preliminary taxes are withheld

--- Page 96 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 96 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
by Euroclear Sweden AB or by the nominee on payments of amounts that are considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes to a private individual (or an estate of a decease individual) that is a resident holder 
of any Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws in force in Luxembourg at the date of this Prospectus, which are subject to changes or 
different interpretation. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and is not intended to be, nor 
should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is limited to 
Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their 
own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, 
to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.  
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes.  
Withholding Tax  
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of the Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the "Relibi Law") and mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
However, under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax at a current rate of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will 
be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law 
would be subject to withholding tax at a current rate of 20 per cent. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose a new 
reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain payments by entities that are classified as financial 
institutions under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding 
the implementation of FATCA with other territories, including Sweden (each an "IGA"). Under the Sweden 
IGA, as currently drafted, the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the Notes to be 
subject to withholding under FATCA.  However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply 
remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant 
with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes in the future. Even if the withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which the final regulations 
defining passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Registrar. Prospective investors should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA.

--- Page 97 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 97 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate.   
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 98 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 98 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 
2 May 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Parent have 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances 
to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing 
of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met 
to their satisfaction on the relevant Issue Date. In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Notes may not 
be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense incurred 
or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States  
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes or the guarantee thereof (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, 
of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in the preceding paragraph and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
European Economic Area  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For 
the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.

--- Page 99 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 99 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the 
following:  
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:  
 
(A) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 100 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 100 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
 
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Parent; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 
1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed, in 
France to such qualified investors, this Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes.  
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA") and has represented and agreed 
or will represent and agree, as the case may be, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 
of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 101 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 101 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
Switzerland 
This document is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, into or 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and no 
application has been or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
 
(b) 
neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA; and 
 
(c) 
neither this Prospectus nor any offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland. 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further dealer appointed under this Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001  of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or any other 
information in relation to the Programme or the issue of any Notes thereunder and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and none of the Parent, the Issuer and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefore. 
None of the Parent, the Issuer and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 102 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 102 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
1. Authorisation  
The establishment, updates and operation of the Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 26 March 1993, 26 August 1994, 15 September 1995, 
7 December 1995, 29 November 1996, 16 December 1998, 7 February 2000, 10 October 2003, 6 
October 2006, 12 October 2007, 21 October 2014 and 8 December 2022.  
The establishment and updates of the Programme, as well as the giving of guarantees in respect of 
Notes issued under the Programme, have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of the Parent passed on 1 June 1994, 9 June 1995, 26 November 1996, 9 December 1998, 14 February 
2000, 7 October 2003, 7 September 2006, 18 October 2007, 16 October 2014 and 7-8 December 2022.  
2. Approval, listing and admission to trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
This Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or the Parent. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
3. Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will be available on the website of the Volvo Group 
(https://www.volvogroup.com/en-en/investors/debt-information/debt-programmes/emtn-
prospectuses-and-supplements.html) in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation: 
(i) 
  the constitutional documents in English of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents in English of the Parent which are available on the following 
page of the website of the Volvo Group (https://www.volvogroup.com/en-
en/investors/corporate-governance.html); 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Temporary 
and Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and 
information relating to the Guarantee); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein); 
and 
(v) 
any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda, supplements, 
documents incorporated by reference and Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a 
Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holders must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, as to the identity of such holders) relating to the Programme. 
In addition, this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, any Final Terms relating to Notes 
which are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and each document incorporated by reference 
are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com).  
The Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion will be available on the Volvo Group 
website (https://www.volvogroup.com/en/investors/debt-information/green-financing.html).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion do not form part of, 
and shall not be incorporated in, this Prospectus.

--- Page 103 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 103 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
4. Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
5. Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
7. Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been: 
(i) 
no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2023; 
(ii) 
no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Parent or 
the Volvo Group, in each case, since 31 March 2024; 
(iii) 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023; and 
(iv) 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Parent or the Volvo Group, in each case 
since 31 December 2023, except as disclosed on page 56-89 (Board of Directors’ Report 
2023) in the Volvo Group Annual Report 2023, on pages 11-13 of the Prospectus under 
"Short-term risk factors", pages 91-92 of the Prospectus under "Recent Developments – 
Significant Events" and on pages 93-94 of the Prospectus under "Litigation".  
8. Litigation 
Except as described on pages 93-94, neither the Issuer nor the Parent is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer and/or the Parent are aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer, the Parent and/or the Volvo Group. 
9. Auditors 
The auditors of the Parent and the Issuer are Deloitte AB. Deloitte AB is a member of FAR (the 
professional institute for authorised public accountants (auktoriserade revisorer), approved public 
accountants (godkända revisorer) and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy sector in 
Sweden). Deloitte AB audited the annual financial statements of the Parent and the Issuer, without 
qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing principles in Sweden for the financial 
periods ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.  
10. Certificates and reports 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from any lawyer, banker, 
valuer, surveyor, broker, auctioneer, accountant or other expert (together an "Expert") in accordance 
with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such certificate or report or engagement letter

--- Page 104 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 104 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
or other document entered into by the Trustee and the Expert in connection therewith contains any 
limit on the liability of such Expert. 
11. Conflicts  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly 
in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received 
or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain 
of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk or other trading activities. They have received, or may 
in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.    
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the 
Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
12. Material Contracts 
The Issuer did not conclude any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course of its business, 
which could result in it being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
The Parent did not conclude any material contract not entered into in the ordinary course of its business, 
which could result in it being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Parent's ability 
to meet its obligation under the Guarantee. 
13. Legal entity identifier (LEI) Code 
The Issuer's LEI Code is 549300PD69T87IGZG395. 
The Parent's LEI Code is 549300HGV012CNC8JD22.

--- Page 105 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 105 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
 
AB VOLVO (publ) 
SE-405 08 Gothenburg 
Sweden 
VOLVO TREASURY AB (publ) 
SE-405 08 Gothenburg 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To AB Volvo (publ) and Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
as to Swedish law 
To AB Volvo (publ) and Volvo Treasury AB (publ) 
as to English law 
Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB 
Sankt Eriksgatan 5 
P.O. Box 11235 
SE-404 25 Gothenburg 
Sweden 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
To the Dealers and the Trustee 
as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 106 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 106 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51, rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40  
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DNB Bank ASA, Sweden Branch 
Regeringsgatan 59 
SE-105 88 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 
(TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 NORDEA 
Helsinki 
Finland  
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany

--- Page 107 ---
10282944531-v17 
- 107 - 
36-41072567 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS OF AB VOLVO (publ) AND VOLVO TREASURY AB (publ) 
 
Deloitte AB 
Box 33 
Södra Hamngatan 53 
401 20 Gothenburg  
Sweden 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg