--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2021 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities ("Non-Equity Securities") within the 
meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by Vonovia SE. 
 
Vonovia SE 
(incorporated in Germany as a European Company (Societas Europaea)) 
EUR 30,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Vonovia SE (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer 
notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under 
the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the 
Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see "General 
description of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") within the meaning of 
Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and The 
Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the European 
Economic Area with such notification. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock 
exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Vonovia 
(www.vonovia.de). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 
11 March 2022.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such 
offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and 
subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the 
Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Commerzbank 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Morgan Stanley 
Société Générale Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Vonovia SE (the "Issuer", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "Vonovia" or the "Group") with its registered office in 
Bochum, Germany accepts responsibility for the information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuer and any 
Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme").  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained 
in any of these documents. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote social and 
environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Projects"). Vonovia has established a framework for such issuances (the "Green 
Bond Framework") which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects. None of the Dealers, the 
Arranger, any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in the Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the 
suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers 
and the Arranger have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Green Bond Framework or the Eligible 
Green Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet the criteria set out in the Green Bond Framework 
or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in 
bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale - Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial rounding. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended ("Benchmark Regulation"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following

--- Page 5 ---
5 
sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the Group". These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related management arrangements 
established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several agencies, including EPRA, S&P Global, CDP, Sustainalytics, 
MSCI and ISS-oekom, among others, through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). Please refer 
to the section "Description of the Issuer and the Group - Sustainability" for further information.  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ.  
The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future 
ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere 
in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information 
regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website 
(which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................................................................... 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................... 29 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................................... 117 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ....................................................................................................... 140 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................................ 155 
TAXATION WARNING ...................................................................................................................................................... 156 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................................. 157 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................ 161 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................................... 164 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................................................ 166

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, Vonovia SE, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Société Générale acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. acts as listing agent (the "Listing Agent"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted 
to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of the European Economic Area, in such form as agreed between the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
"Specific Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and 
having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain 
parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as 
such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (the "Fixed Rate Notes") or floating rate notes (the 
"Floating Rate Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any 
currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in 
euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a "Temporary Global Note"). Interests 
in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note") on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant 
issue date (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to 
qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in Germany and The Netherlands with a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may 
request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the European Economic Area with 
such notification. The Notes may be offered to the public in Luxembourg and, following notification, in Germany, The 
Netherlands and in any such other additional host member state. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated 
markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject 
to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position 
and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of the Issuer or the Group. Moreover, if 
any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a 
position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders of 
Notes (the "Noteholders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued 
under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not 
presently aware could also affect the business operations of the Issuer or the Group and have a material adverse effect on 
their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most material 
risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned 
first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Market risks 
Vonovia is dependent on economic and demographic developments in the markets where its properties are located.  
As Vonovia's own properties are dispersed across more than 630 cities and communities throughout the Federal Republic of 
Germany ("Germany"), as well as in the Republic of Austria ("Austria"), in the Kingdom of Sweden ("Sweden"), Vonovia's 
business activities are affected by numerous demographic and economic factors. In particular, developments in the residential 
property market in Germany and in its regional sub-markets are of significant importance for the Group's business and future 
prospects. 
Economic and demographic factors significantly impact demand for Vonovia’s properties, the rents that Vonovia can achieve, 
the payment patterns of Vonovia’s tenants, the vacancy rate, the valuation of Vonovia’s properties and other developments 
significant to the business of Vonovia. Vonovia is thus dependent on economic developments in Germany, Sweden and Austria 
and within regional sub-markets, which may vary significantly. 
Consequently, unfavourable economic and demographic developments in the regions where the Group's properties are located, 
could have material adverse effects on Vonovia's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
In addition, due to its minority stakes in the Dutch residential platform Vesteda Residential Fund and in the French residential 
portfolio Foncière Vesta, unfavourable economic developments in the Netherlands and France could also have a limital adverse 
effect on Vonovia. 
Risks related to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the outbreak of 
SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease ("Covid-19"), together with any measures aimed at 
mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of 
workplaces, or curfews or other social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect on the global economy and 
international financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Group operates in particular. The implications of 
such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the timing, 
suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including human, material, 
infrastructure and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to

--- Page 10 ---
10 
implement effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional level as well as the level of 
civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee that such measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means 
to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting therefrom, which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity 
risk and operational risk for the Group and, ultimately, have material adverse effects on the operating results of the Group and 
its business and financial situation. 
A number of factors that are important for the Group to successfully conduct its business could be materially affected by the 
spread of Covid-19. The social distancing measures implemented by countries around the world to slow the spread of Covid-
19 could result in a severe global recession and financial crisis. As economic activity is drastically reduced for several months, 
many businesses could be forced to close, leading to a dramatic increase in unemployment. As businesses and unemployed 
workers no longer have the income to pay their outstanding debts, the number of defaults could significantly increase. Such 
developments could have a number of effects on the Group's business, including the following: 
• 
Some tenants in the Group's properties could find it increasingly difficult to pay their rent, thereby leading to a dramatic 
increase in late payments. 
• 
Other tenants in the Group's properties may no longer be able to afford to pay rent at all and be forced to move out, 
thereby further reducing the Group's income stream. Moreover, if unemployment is widespread, the Group may not be 
able to find tenants to take the place of those that had to move out. As a result, the Group may be confronted with having 
to endure either a higher rate of vacancies or lower rental prices at its properties. 
• 
As regards the Group's properties for sale, lower economic activity could also make it more difficult to sell properties at 
the price expected by the Group or at all. If the Group cannot sell certain properties, it would be forced to pay the cost of 
upkeep without the possibility of recouping such costs in a later sale. 
• 
The Covid-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the resulting economic 
implications could have material negative effects on the valuation of real estate properties and therefore on the assets of 
the Group. 
• 
As a result of increased levels of defaults, banks may have reduced liquidity, which could make it harder for the Group 
to obtain the financing it requires to pursue its acquisition and development strategies or even for its regular operations. 
• 
A delay in development, refurbishment and maintenance projects. 
• 
In addition, even if it is able to complete the development of certain properties, it may not be able to find suitable 
purchasers on account of significantly reduced demand. Such demand may be reduced due to either liquidity constraints 
faced by potential purchasers or due to a general decrease in demand for new properties. 
• 
Restrictions in the range of services offered, for example due to mandatory "lock-down" and quarantine measures. 
• 
Increased operational costs due to, inter alia, requirements on occupational health and safety. 
• 
As regards regional developments, the spread of Covid-19 may also slow the rate at which people move from rural and 
suburban areas into cities, which could have a negative impact on rental prices and overall residential demand in cities.  
The risks outlined above could each have a significant negative impact on the business of the Group. Moreover, such impact 
would be greater if the various risks took effect simultaneously. 
Macroeconomic developments, in particular rising interest rates, could impair the German, Swedish and Austrian property 
market and the valuation of Vonovia's property portfolio. 
The global financial and economic crisis and subsequent debt crisis increased uncertainty regarding future economic 
developments, particularly in the Eurozone. Also, in the current economic environment various risks exist and new crises could 
emerge that may cause economic and financial market disturbances. The uncertainty regarding the general economic outlook 
has made investment opportunities that provide stable and largely predictable cash flows, such as investments in German, 
Swedish and Austrian residential real estate, more popular. This trend has been exacerbated by historically low interest rates 
in Europe. As a result, property prices and the value of residential real estate have increased. 
These developments could reverse themselves if, for example, interest rates were to rise, as observed in some parts of the 
world. A rise in interest rates in Europe could result in increased investor interest in investments with a higher risk profile and 
a decrease in the attractiveness of real estate investments. 
A rise in interest rates in Europe could have negative consequences for Vonovia, as it could trigger a decline in demand for 
residential property, impact the fair value of Vonovia's property portfolio and could make it more difficult for Vonovia to 
dispose of assets from its "Non-Core" portfolio segment or pursuing sales of assets from its "Privatize" portfolio segment.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Given the Group's dependence on its ability to access financial markets for the refinancing of its liabilities, any increase in 
interest rates could also increase the Group's cost of refinancing its existing and future liabilities.  
Any macroeconomic developments with negative impact on the real estate market or rising interest rates could have a material 
adverse effect on the net assets, financial position and results of operations of Vonovia.  
The currently relatively high market prices for residential properties and residential property portfolios could inhibit 
Vonovia's ability to implement its strategy of buying up additional residential property portfolios at attractive conditions.  
As part of its business strategy, Vonovia seeks to capture external growth opportunities by acquiring residential real estate 
portfolios and real estate companies when these are deemed to enhance the value of the Group. Such acquisitions may only be 
implemented, however, if attractive real estate portfolios or real estate companies are available for purchase at economically 
reasonable prices. Given the current high demand for residential real estate in Germany, Sweden and Austria, such portfolios 
and companies may be unavailable or available only on unfavourable terms. Due to the increasing consolidation in the German, 
Swedish and Austrian residential real estate markets, the number of available real estate portfolios has further decreased. In 
addition, competitors with asset acquisition objectives similar to those of the Group may possess greater financial resources 
and lower costs of capital than Vonovia. Furthermore, it cannot be guaranteed that the Group will be able to generate sufficient 
funds to finance such envisaged acquisitions in the future. 
Additionally, the supply of real estate portfolios might be limited, for example, due to fewer sales of real estate portfolios by 
public and private long-term owners. If public long-term owners cease privatizing or if they reduce their privatization activities, 
supply could be constricted, which could increase competition for acquisitions that would be suitable for the Group and result 
in the prices of residential properties increasing further. As a consequence of these factors, the Group could be forced to pay 
higher prices or to acquire fewer (if any) properties. 
If Vonovia is no longer able to acquire suitable real estate portfolios or real estate companies at favourable terms in the future, 
this could limit its future growth and prevent it from achieving additional economies of scale. In turn, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of Vonovia. 
Vonovia may be unable to sell a portion or the whole of its portfolio on favourable terms. 
The real estate market in which Vonovia invests and operates is characterized by limited liquidity. The Group's general ability 
to sell parts of its real estate portfolio depends on the state of investment markets and on market liquidity. If Vonovia were to 
be required to sell parts of its real estate portfolio, including for the purpose of raising cash to support its operations, there is 
no guarantee that the Group would be able to sell such parts, or the whole, of its portfolio on favourable terms or at all. In the 
case of a forced sale of all or part of Vonovia's real estate portfolio, for example, if creditors of the Group realize collateral, a 
significant shortfall between the price obtained and the carrying amount of the portfolio sold is possible. 
Such events could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to the Group's business activities 
Vonovia is exposed to risks arising from the structural condition of its properties, their maintenance and repair. 
To ensure the safety of residents, sustainable demand for housing and appropriate income in the long term, rental properties 
must satisfy structural requirements and market demand, or be brought into such a condition. If a rental property is not 
maintained in a reasonable condition, this jeopardizes the health and safety of the tenants. Normally the costs incurred to keep 
a rental property maintained are borne primarily by the owner of the property. If repairs or improvements are needed because 
of changes in legal or market requirements (in terms of energy-saving measures, for example), the owner can face significant 
costs. 
In Germany, these expenses can only be charged to the tenants as part of the rent under certain conditions and only in the 
amount of a certain percentage of the costs incurred. This means that only a small share of these costs is paid by the tenants, 
while the majority must be paid by the owner of the property. It is even possible that in regions with intense competition, 
Vonovia is unable to raise rents to the extent permitted by law, whether because of prevailing market conditions or because 
tenants who receive social benefits – such tenants account for a considerable share of Vonovia's tenants – are not allowed to 
pay higher rents or for other reasons. 
Vonovia will incur additional and unexpected costs if the actual costs arising for the maintenance or improvement of its 
properties exceed Vonovia's estimates, if Vonovia is not permitted to increase its rents in conjunction with maintenance work 
due to legal or contractual restrictions, or if hidden defects are found during maintenance or improvement work.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
If Vonovia is unable to perform appropriate maintenance or renovations in response to the above factors, this could impair the 
rental income generated by the property in question. Tenants would then be entitled to withhold rental payments, to reduce 
their rent or even to terminate their leases. 
The above risks could have a material adverse effect on Vonovia's business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and results 
of operations. 
The benefits that Vonovia may realize from acquisitions and takeovers could be materially different from the Group's 
expectations and the integration of acquired companies may neither be successful nor go as planned and may involve 
higher costs than expected or require more resources than initially planned. 
Since 2007 Vonovia has completed a large number of acquisitions of German and international real estate companies. It is 
possible that Vonovia will carry out further acquisitions in the future. 
Such transactions involve a number of risks, including: 
• 
unexpected losses of key employees; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of operations; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; 
• 
the possible loss of customers and/or other business partners; and 
• 
control issues in a situation where Vonovia does not exercise sole control of the target. 
Vonovia may not be able to realize the anticipated synergies, future earnings, transfer of know-how or other benefits that it 
intends to achieve from such acquisitions or takeovers. Vonovia cannot guarantee that any acquisition will yield benefits that 
are sufficient to justify the expenses the Group has incurred. 
Typically, Vonovia seeks to integrate the acquired companies. However, such integrations may require considerable personnel 
capacities and financial resources. For a successful integration, it is also important to integrate the portfolios and existing staff 
of the two companies, connect different company cultures, harmonize IT-Systems and put into place common processes for 
the integrated group. The integration may result in negative effects for contractual or legal positions of one of the two groups. 
Finally, Vonovia is usually not able to access important documents of the potential target prior to the acquisition and has to 
rely on publicly available information and its knowledge of the industry. There can therefore be no guarantee that all 
circumstances, material for the evaluation of the target, are known to Vonovia prior to an investment decision. Should 
important, previously unknown, circumstances material for the evaluation of the target subsequently become known, this could 
lead to a deterioration of the economic results of the acquisition. 
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the net assets, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group.  
In connection with several key acquisitions, Vonovia has entered into contractual obligations, or assumed such obligations 
indirectly through acquired entities, inter alia, in the form of social charters, which restrict its ability to freely divest parts 
of its portfolio, to transfer or terminate employment relationships or to increase rents for certain units and which could 
lead to substantial contract penalties in case of breach. 
Real estate transactions often include contractual clauses for the protection of tenants and employees which, for example, 
restrict a buyer's right to divest the acquired portfolio, to increase rent on the acquired units or to terminate existing tenancy 
agreements, which reduces the attractiveness of the affected units for prospective purchasers. Such contractual obligations, 
including, inter alia, restrictions and in many cases also duties to act, such as investment obligations, often appear in the form 
of social charters, which are especially common in connection with the privatization of publicly-owned property, where the 
selling public authorities intend to mitigate potential social effects of such transactions, or when these portfolios are 
subsequently transferred to third parties. In many cases, these obligations lapse in full or in part after a certain period of time.  
As of 31 December 2020, approximately 133,000 of the Group's residential units were subject to one or more contractual 
restrictions and other obligations. These restrictions include in particular restrictions on sales, preferential pre-emptive 
purchase rights, restrictions on the termination of tenancy agreements, minimum maintenance spending, restrictions on 
modernization and maintenance, restrictions on rent increases and special protection for employees against dismissal. 
Some of the aforementioned obligations may limit Vonovia's ability to attractively market parts of its portfolio, which in turn 
could force Vonovia to forego opportunities for streamlining and generating profit. This could result in a decrease of the fair 
value of the Group's property portfolio and limit its ability to generate cash flow from selective divestitures.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
The materialization of one or more of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Vonovia is planning considerable investments in modernization measures which might not achieve the expected returns. 
In 2021, Vonovia intends to make considerable investments in its strategic portfolio. In the medium term, Vonovia aims to 
maintain this investment level in order to invest in modernization and maintenance measures. The planned modernization 
measures include improving the energy efficiency of buildings, adapting individual apartments to the needs of senior citizens 
and converting apartments in locations where rent mark-ups are expected for extensively renovated apartments. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the return achieved on the capital invested for such modernization measures will be 
in line with Vonovia's expectations. In particular, certain contractually agreed investment obligations (including those arising 
from social charters) could jeopardize the return targets. In addition, the Group's future projections, according to which demand 
for apartments that are adapted to the needs of senior citizens and are energy-efficient will increase, could prove to be incorrect 
or the preferences of customers could change. Furthermore, due to the difficulty of managing and organizing such large 
investment programs, Vonovia may be unable to identify sufficient investment opportunities to invest the amount budgeted 
annually. Management may make investment decisions that turn out to be less profitable than expected due to insufficient 
information or lack of expertise. Furthermore, Vonovia is limited by contractual requirements in the selection and scope of 
modernization measures with regard to some residential units in its portfolio. For example, luxury modernizations that go 
beyond the usual scope and would lead to an increase in rent may be prohibited. In addition, Vonovia may not be able to pass 
on the costs of these refurbishments to its customers if they cannot afford the higher rents resulting from the refurbishments. 
In addition, the Group's ability to finance its investment programs through loans or other debt instruments may also be limited 
due to its current or future debt and structure. 
The materialisation of one or more of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Vonovia has received subsidies from public authorities which restrict the level of rents chargeable on a part of Vonovia's 
portfolio. Providers of the subsidized loans may also unilaterally exercise their right to increase the rate of interest payable 
on such loans. 
Vonovia receives grants from public authorities in the form of construction subsidies, expenses subsidies, expenses loans and 
low-interest loans that impose certain limitations on the Group. Most of the subsidies are granted in the form of low-interest 
long-term loans. As of 31 December 2020, Vonovia had received subsidized loans which carry a book value of EUR 2,148 
million under IFRS, due to the applied effective interest method, but a nominal value of EUR 2,187 million. The public bodies 
granting a subsidized loan impose maximum rent levels on the properties constructed, acquired or modernized using such 
subsidized loan. Although the rent levels set by the public bodies are significantly below current market rents for a number of 
rent-restricted residential units, it may be difficult to increase rents to market levels after the expiration of subsidy restrictions 
because of the lack of tenants who are willing or able to pay market level rents for such properties.  
Moreover, the Group's subsidized loan agreements contain a clause pursuant to which the lender is granted the right to 
unilaterally increase the interest rates of the loans up to a specific maximum amount per year. In such an event, Vonovia is 
entitled to increase its rents accordingly. The lenders under these agreements have exercised this right only selectively in the 
recent past. It cannot be excluded, however, that the lenders may exercise this right more frequently in the future. In such case, 
Vonovia may not be in a position (although it would be entitled) to increase its rents either because tenants might not be able 
to pay the increased rents, or the increased rent would exceed the market rents for comparable units or otherwise. 
If Vonovia fails to adapt its rent levels to market rent levels after the expiration of the subsidized loans, or if the lenders 
exercise their rights to increase interest rates and Vonovia is not in a position to adjust rents accordingly, this could have 
material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Vonovia has established a caretaker and craftsmen organization to insource its on-site support services for which it has 
recruited a large number of employees. In addition, Vonovia has established an organization to deal with the infrastructure 
of its portfolios. This insourcing policy has significantly increased and will significantly increase the Group's personnel 
expenses and other fixed costs and continues to pose a management challenge. 
Vonovia has insourced certain caretaker and craftsmen services previously performed by third parties with the objective of 
improving customer satisfaction and targeting cost savings through savings on value-added tax ("VAT") (Umsatzsteuer) and 
on margins previously charged by third-party providers.  
The Group established its own caretaker organization, which performs traditional caretaker tasks as well as local quality 
management and coordination, and a craftsmen organization, which handles maintenance and repairs. In this context, Vonovia 
hired a large number of additional employees, which led to a rise in personnel expenses and other fixed costs.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Further, the insourcing of personnel has placed and may continue to place a strain on the Group's management and 
administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. The Group's ability to manage its operations and growth requires the 
continuous improvement of operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Additionally, 
if, as a result of business or economic conditions, Vonovia was to scale down its business operations, it would be substantially 
more difficult for the Group to reduce its headcount than to reduce the services provided by third-party contractors. Any of 
these circumstances could result in higher costs than expected. Vonovia may not be able to compensate for these increased 
costs by generating the targeted savings. 
Despite existing quality control procedures, the quality of services rendered by the Group's own employees could fall below 
the level of the services previously performed by third-party contractors and reduce the attractiveness of the Group's properties. 
Moreover, if services rendered by the Group's craftsmen organization are not performed as scheduled or if the quality of work 
falls below applicable standards, Vonovia may face claims from its tenants or may not be in a position to re-let vacant units 
that require maintenance and modernization before new tenants can move in. Since these tasks are performed within the Group, 
Vonovia will not be in a position to claim compensation for damages from third parties resulting from non-performance or 
improper performance by the Group's craftsmen organization. 
The materialization of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Vonovia could be exposed to risks resulting from its project development business 
In recent years Vonovia has significantly grown its project development business. Such developments are typically long-term 
in nature and involve numerous risks, including incorrect market and competitive assessments, delays in the planning approval 
process, incorrect location and project development plans, contamination risks, requirements linked to preservation orders or 
environmental requirements, warranty issues, construction defects and defective construction materials or structural 
components. 
In addition, Vonovia is dependent on third-party contractors to provide construction and other services for the realization of 
its development projects. Outsourced services include architectural and technical design, concept design and construction. Due 
to the competitive environment in the construction sector, particularly in Germany's key metropolitan areas, qualified and 
reliable construction partners are in great demand. If Vonovia is unable to find or hire qualified and reliable contractors for 
any of its development projects, the successful completion of projects in time or with the required quality is at risk. Contractors 
may fail to meet its standards and deadlines. If any third party fails to provide its services labour, equipment or materials in a 
timely and/or adequate manner, Vonovia may be required to source these services or materials at a higher price than anticipated 
and may face material delays at its project sites until it is able to identify appropriate alternative third parties. In addition, third-
party contractors can be adversely affected by economic downturns or poor management decisions. Vonovia may hire a 
contractor that subsequently becomes insolvent, causing cost overruns and project delays and increasing the risk that Vonovia 
will be unable to recover costs in relation to any defective work performed by such contractor. 
The materialization of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
Damage to the Group's reputation and inadequate customer satisfaction may result in reduced demand for the Group's 
residential units and may make it more difficult for the Group to raise capital on favourable terms or at all. 
If the Group is unable to maintain its reputation and high level of customer service, customer satisfaction and demand for its 
services and properties could suffer. In particular, harm to the Group's reputation could make it more difficult for the Group 
to rent its residential units and could lead to delays in rental payments or the termination of tenancy agreements by its tenants. 
Any reputational damage due to the Group's inability to meet customer service expectations could limit its ability to retain 
existing customers and attract new customers. Furthermore, harm to the Group's reputation could impair the Group's ability to 
raise capital on favourable terms or at all. Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's 
business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Risks related to the valuation of Vonovia's properties 
Real estate valuation is inherently subjective and subject to uncertainties and is based on assumptions which may prove to 
be inaccurate. It is therefore possible that the property valuation and the financial information in this Base Prospectus 
incorrectly assess the value of Vonovia's properties. 
The valuation of Vonovia's properties is a part of the preparation of the Group's annual financial statements. However, the 
valuation of real estate is inherently subjective and based on assumptions that could later prove to be incorrect.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
The property valuation is based on a variety of factors that are also reflected in the subjective evaluations of Vonovia. In 
particular, these factors take into account the general market environment, interest rates, the situation on the rental market and 
developments on-site. The property valuation is therefore subject to many uncertainties. Furthermore, there is the possibility 
that valuation methods that are currently generally accepted and that were applied in the preparation of the valuation are later 
found to be unsuitable. Even the assumptions that earlier or future appraisals are based on can later be found to be erroneous. 
The values that are attributed to the properties appraised in existing annual and interim financial statements or those published 
in the future could exceed the proceeds that Vonovia can generate from the sale of properties. The valuation of properties is 
therefore not necessarily indicative of the future or currently possible selling price of Vonovia's properties or its property 
portfolio. 
Inaccurate appraisals in conjunction with the valuation of properties or property portfolios and other unforeseeable events 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of Vonovia. 
Vonovia could be exposed to risks from residual pollution including wartime ordnance, soil conditions and contaminants 
in building materials, as well as possible building regulation violations. Some of the buildings in Vonovia's real estate 
portfolio are located at mining sites and may suffer damage caused by mining activities. 
It is possible that the properties Vonovia owns or acquires may contain soil contamination, hazardous materials, other residual 
pollution or wartime ordnance (possibly even unexploded ordnance).  
In addition, some properties previously owned by Vonovia, which have been sold in the meantime, were exposed to petrol and 
chemical soil contamination and Vonovia was required by the competent authorities to carry out on-site remediation of this 
residual pollution with respect to such properties. The Group has made provisions for the future cost of such remediation 
measures, but the provisions may prove to be insufficient. The discovery of further residual pollution or risks associated with 
old wartime ordnance, particularly in connection with the lease or sale of properties, can also trigger claims for rent or purchase 
price reductions, damages and other breach of warranty claims or lease terminations. 
The Group's business is also exposed to risks associated with noncompliance with building codes or environmental regulations. 
These regulations are often implemented retroactively, affecting previously acquired properties. In such cases, Vonovia may 
be required to modernize existing buildings so that they comply with these stricter standards. Even though the Group conducts 
inspections in connection with the acquisition of individual properties, there is a risk that building codes or environmental 
regulations were not complied with.  
Properties owned or acquired by Vonovia could also be damaged in the context of deep mining actives (Bergschäden), in 
particular in the Ruhr region of Germany, and Vonovia could be unable to enforce its claims against mining operators due to 
factual or legal reasons, such as certain waiver agreements signed with respects to parts of Vonovia's portfolio. 
The materialization of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
Financial Risks 
If the Issuer or other Group companies breach financial covenants or other provisions in connection with any existing or 
future bonds, notes or other financial instruments or under any existing or future loan agreements, Vonovia may be 
required to pay higher interest or fully repay the relevant bonds, notes or loans before they become due, and security trustees 
or creditors could seize or realize significant collateral furnished by the Group. 
The existing or future holders of bonds and notes issued by the Group and the Group's lenders are entitled to terminate their 
financing agreements and bonds or notes, as applicable, if Group companies breach material contractual terms and are not in 
a position to cure such breaches. The terms of the existing loan agreements and of the bonds and notes require, in particular, 
that Vonovia complies with certain financial covenants, such as a maximum loan-to-value ratio, a minimum debt-service or 
interest coverage ratios, a minimum ratio of unencumbered properties and other assets and restrictions on the sale of properties. 
A failure to comply with such financial covenants or other material terms of the financing agreements and the bonds and notes 
could have severe consequences, including that: 
• 
the lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, and their respective representatives may 
have the right to terminate the relevant loan agreement or the bonds or notes, and the outstanding amounts could become 
immediately due and payable; 
• 
other lenders, bondholders or holders of other financial instruments, as applicable, could be entitled to terminate their 
financing agreements or bonds or notes with the Group as a result of cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions;

--- Page 16 ---
16 
• 
the lenders may be entitled to extraordinary (partial) prepayments or higher interest rates and the bondholders or 
noteholders could be entitled to require the Group to redeem, in whole or in part, the bonds and notes, as applicable, at 
their principal amount including accrued interest; in addition, Vonovia may be liable for damages, prepayment penalties 
or other fines; or 
• 
the right of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to distribute profits and income from the properties which serve as security for 
the respective loans (or future secured bonds or notes) may be restricted and may therefore limit the Group's ability to 
service its other obligations or distribute profits to its shareholders. 
If the bonds, notes, other debt instruments or one or more of the Group's other loans should become due as a result of an early 
termination or cross-default, Vonovia might be unable to refinance its liabilities as they become due or might be able to do so 
only on less favourable terms. 
To secure its financial liabilities, Vonovia, under certain financing agreements (other than the bonds and unsecured notes, the 
commercial paper and the working capital facilities), has provided land charges and mortgages on properties owned by Group 
companies and has assigned, as security, claims under tenancy and leasing agreements, potential insurance claims and potential 
claims under real estate sales programmes. Vonovia has also pledged or agreed to pledge shares in certain Group companies 
as well as bank accounts to lenders. If Vonovia is unable to perform the obligations under its financing agreements, Vonovia's 
lenders could seize and realize collateral, including real estate, pledged shares and bank accounts, without further negotiations. 
This could cause Vonovia to lose parts of its real estate portfolio in a forced sale on economically unfavourable terms. 
Contractual restrictions limit the right to voluntarily sell properties ahead of a forced sale, which could have an amplified 
negative effect of such forced sale. 
Approximately 10.6% of all residential real estate units owned by the Group were built on the basis of hereditary building 
rights (Erbbaurechte). The consent of the legal owners is required for a registration of land charges and mortgages on these 
units, as well as for their sale. Although the owners are legally required to grant such consent if and to the extent a requested 
encumbrance does not exceed a customary level (and in case of a sale, if the purchaser of the building to which the hereditary 
building right relates is also able and willing to fulfil the obligations under the hereditary building right), it is difficult and 
time-consuming to actually obtain these consents or to obtain them in the requested amount. 
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations 
Vonovia is dependent on its investment grade rating to pursue its financing strategy. 
On 10 March 2015, the Issuer obtained a corporate investment grade rating of "BBB+" from S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), which was recently confirmed on 22 July 2020. On 13 December 2019 the Issuer obtained a long-term credit 
rating of "A-" from Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"), which was recently confirmed on 17 August 2020. 
If Vonovia were to lose its investment grade rating, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become significantly 
more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted amounts. Rating agencies could downgrade the Group if for example 
the value of the Group's assets or the Group's debt-service or interest coverage ratio were to fall below certain values, if the 
Group's debt-to-capital ratio were to exceed certain values, if the Group were unable to keep or render sufficient values of its 
assets unencumbered or if the residential real estate market in Germany deteriorates in general.  
If any of the risks described above were to materialize, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue its current financing 
strategy, which could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The Group has a substantial level of debt and Vonovia's ability to repay existing debt with loans and other debt instruments 
could be limited. It may be difficult or expensive to obtain new sources of financing. 
Vonovia has a substantial level of debt. The nominal amount of Vonovia's outstanding financial indebtedness was EUR 25.1 
billion as of 31 December 2020 (consisting of the nominal amount of outstanding non-derivative financial liabilities of 
EUR 24.1 billion, and a hybrid bond in a nominal amount of EUR 1.0 billion which is classified as equity under IFRS). 
Vonovia is dependent on refinancing significant amounts that will become due over the next few years.  
Vonovia intends to refinance maturing debt with new bonds, notes and loans (or by extending the maturity of such debt). 
Vonovia's ability to repay existing financial obligations by raising new debt capital (or by extending the maturity of existing 
debt) could be limited, for example, as a result of market conditions, its business condition or the level of debt of the Issuer or 
of other Group companies. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have material adverse effects on the Group's results. 
The Group operates in different countries and is therefore exposed to financial risks that arise from changes in exchange rates. 
Exchange rate fluctuations could cause losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose value, while 
at the same time liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate appreciate in value. 
The Group's reporting currency is the Euro. However, the Group also conducts its business in Sweden. Any change in exchange 
rates between foreign currencies and the Euro affects the Group's reported results of operations and assets and liabilities when 
the results are translated into Euro for reporting purposes. Unfavourable fluctuations in the values of the currencies in which 
financial statements of subsidiaries of the Issuer are prepared against the Euro could have a material negative impact on the 
Group's future consolidated financial statements. 
The exposure to exchange rate volatility could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Vonovia has substantial pension obligations and other employee benefit obligations, the present value of which may 
significantly increase, inter alia, in the event of changes in parameters used to measure the obligations. Further, certain 
memberships in pension schemes for the public sector may trigger significant additional payment obligations. 
Vonovia has substantial pension obligations and other employee benefit obligations, most of which are not covered by plan 
assets (Planvermögen). The amount of Vonovia's defined benefit obligation ("DBO") depends on the development of the 
present value of the obligations and the fair value of the assets available to fund such obligations. The present value of the 
pension obligations and other long-term benefit obligations is significantly influenced by the discount rate used. Furthermore, 
the longevity and actuarial profile of plan participants may have a negative impact on pension obligations. Pension obligations 
and other long-term benefit obligations may also be affected by legal and regulatory developments and changes in case law. 
The amount determined is based on various assumptions, and any change in legal requirements or in the interpretation thereof 
with regard to the calculation of pension obligations or other long-term benefit obligations may have a material impact on the 
amount of the pension and benefit obligations and thus on their present value. 
Some companies of the Group are, due to their former ownership structure, members of the Versorgungsanstalt des Bundes 
und der Länder (pension institution of the Federal Republic and the Federal States of Germany), a pension institution for 
employees in the public sector, and of the Zusatzversorgungskasse des Kommunalen Versorgungsverbands Baden-
Wuerttemberg (supplementary pension fund of the Baden-Wuerttemberg municipal pension association), one of the biggest 
municipal supplementary pension institutions in Germany, which must be qualified as multi-employer defined benefit plans 
and are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis (umlagefinanziert). The participation may be terminated by the participating employer 
and, under certain circumstances, also by the pension institutions. In particular, a pension institution may terminate the 
participation of any company if the employment conditions for the employees in such company are no longer deemed 
essentially similar to those applicable to employees in the public sector or if a material part of the employees is transferred to 
an employer who is not a member of the relevant pension institution. In the event of a termination, the employer would be 
obliged to compensate the pension institutions for all future expenses arising from the fulfilment of pension obligations towards 
the pensioners and employees with vested pension rights. 
Any increase in the present value of Vonovia's pension obligations and other long-term benefit obligations and any significant 
decrease of the fair value of the plan assets, and the obligations in connection with the participation in pension institutions of 
the public sector, may have corresponding adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow and results 
of operations. 
Regulatory and Legal Risks 
The Group's ability to increase rents is subject to legal restrictions. These restrictions are already extensive and could be 
further tightened in the future. 
Vonovia's operations primarily consist of owning and managing residential property. A negative trend in rental regulations in 
one or several countries or regions where the Group operates may lead to lower rental revenues, or rents that do not increase 
to expected levels. 
Under German law, lessors have limited options for raising rents on existing leases. If the parties to leases have not agreed on 
graduated rent (Staffelmiete, only permissible within certain limits) or a rent index (Indexmiete) and the tenant rejects a change 
in the lease, a unilateral rent increase is only possible within the certain limits.  
Generally, rents can only be increased by 20 % over three years and in certain areas only up to the locally prevailing 
comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete). The locally prevailing rents are generally set forth in rent indices 
(Mietspiegel), which are regularly published, usually by the respective municipalities.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Moreover, subject to the legal or contractual requirements, in the event of modernization work that (i) sustainably saves on 
energy (energy modernization) or (ii) sustainably reduces water consumption or (iii) sustainably increases the value in use of 
the rented premises or (iv) improves the general living conditions in the long term or (v) in the event of modernization work 
performed on account of circumstances for which the lessor is not responsible and that is not maintenance work, the lessor can 
pass on the costs to the tenants by increasing the annual rent by currently up to 8 % of the costs incurred (less the costs that 
would have been incurred for maintenance work anyway). This does not apply if the tenant can prove that the rent increase 
would mean unreasonable hardship.  
Additionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened, rent increases for a 
period of five years for new leases are limited to a maximum of 10 % above the higher of the locally prevailing comparative 
rent level or the previous tenant's rent (Mietpreisbremse). If the rent being paid in the past were to be deemed to exceed the 
permittable level, overpaid rent would have to be returned. Vonovia is therefore subject to the risk that rent it has already 
collected would have to be returned to its tenants if existing lease agreements are found to be in violation of legal restrictions. 
Changes to the legal framework at the level of the European Union or in Germany, Austria or Sweden could have a further 
negative impact on Vonovia's ability to implement rent increases. Affordable housing is still a political issue that receives a 
great deal of attention. It is impossible to predict whether and to what extent the challenges caused by the recent wave of 
immigration will affect the legal framework for tenants and landlords.  
In the German capital Berlin, a new law was passed by the Berlin House of Representatives and entered into force on 
23 February 2020, according to which rents in the city will in certain cases not be permitted to be raised beyond levels agreed 
as of 18 June 2019 for a period of five years from the commencement of the law (Mietendeckel). The legislation also imposes 
limits on the maximum levels of rent permitted in respect of properties in Berlin built before 2014, with such limits depending 
on a number of factors, including the year of construction and the condition of the property. The imposition of such limits may 
result in rent reductions for current tenants and lower rents for new tenants. While the legislation has been challenged as 
unconstitutional by several legal experts and number of cases are pending before the Federal Constitutional Court 
(Bundesverfassungsgericht), the outcome of such proceedings is uncertain at the date of this Base Prospectus. However, if the 
courts confirm that the Berlin law is constitutional, there is a risk that this could lead to initiatives in other German states 
(Bundesländern) or even at the national level to introduce similar legislation. 
Additional or tighter rental regulations could lead to lower rental revenues and/or decrease the valuation of the Group's 
properties, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Vonovia's net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Vonovia may be adversely affected by taxes on carbon dioxide emissions. 
As part of its Climate Action Programme 2030, the German Federal Government has introduced a set price applicable to 
carbon dioxide emissions in the transport and real estate sectors from January 2021. The price, initially set at EUR 25 per 
metric ton of carbon dioxide emitted during the combustion of heating or fuel, will gradually increase up to EUR 55 per metric 
ton in 2025. Currently, the tax can be apportioned entirely to the tenant. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus there 
is an ongoing public debate on the allocation of the financial burden associated with the tax. Consequently, there is a risk of 
regulatory change, which could result in the landlord having to bear the tax in whole or in part. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, a 50:50 split between tenant and landlord is being discussed within the German government. Should this risk 
materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow and income of 
Vonovia. 
In Germany, tenants enjoy considerable protection against termination and eviction. In addition, Vonovia uses 
standardized documents and general terms and conditions that are very strictly scrutinized by the courts. 
German law and German courts provide tenants with substantial protection against termination and tenant evictions. Extended 
leases or delayed evictions resulting from these protections can lead to substantial losses until the property is actually vacated. 
In addition, as part of its daily business Vonovia uses standardized documents and contracts and general terms and conditions. 
Under German law, standardized contract terms are required to comply with the statutory law on general terms and conditions, 
which means that they are subject to rigid fairness control by the courts regarding their content and the way they are presented 
to the other contractual party by the person using them. 
If it were to be found that the Group's standardized documents and/or contracts contain terms disadvantageous to tenants, or 
if the clauses contained in such documents and/or contracts were found to be invalid and therefore replaced with terms less 
favourable for Vonovia, it would affect a large number of standard conditions or contracts. 
The above-mentioned legal risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash flow 
and income of Vonovia.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The business activities of the Group are dependent on the general legal frameworks in Germany, Austria and Sweden. Any 
adverse change in the legal frameworks, such as binding regulations on environmental modernization measures or 
restrictions on modernization possibilities, could have an adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is dependent on the general legal framework applicable to residential real estate, such as tenancy laws, 
as well as on special provisions of other laws, such as social, building and monument protection laws. 
Stricter environmental legislation could also lead to additional costs for Vonovia. The same would be the case if the legal 
requirements regarding existing and approved properties and their use were tightened.  
In the case of maintenance or refurbishment of heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter Denkmalschutz), the need to comply 
with these provisions could lead to significant delays in the maintenance or refurbishment process due to conflicts of interest 
with heritage conservation, or to Vonovia being unable to carry out certain refurbishment and maintenance measures. In 
addition, the costs for the specific projects could increase significantly. These factors could also have a negative impact on the 
Group's ability to sell or rent the properties in question or to use them as collateral for financing. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
Vonovia could be subject to liability claims for several years after selling properties. 
In connection with property sales, Vonovia usually makes representations, warranties and negative declarations of knowledge 
to the purchasers with respect to certain characteristics of the relevant properties. The resulting obligations usually continue to 
exist after the sale for a period of several years. In particular, Vonovia could be subject to claims for damages from purchasers, 
who could assert that Vonovia failed to meet its obligations, or that its representations were untrue. Vonovia could be required 
to make payments to the purchasers following legal disputes or litigation. If Vonovia has provided warranties to third parties 
in connection with modernization and maintenance measures and claims are asserted against Vonovia because of defects, it is 
not always certain that Vonovia will have recourse against the companies that performed the work. 
Legal or settlement costs, including the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential damages 
associated with liability for properties that Vonovia has sold, could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Squeeze-out proceedings could lead to significant additional burdens if the judicial review follows the arguments of the 
minorities. 
In recent years, Vonovia has completed several takeovers of listed real estate companies. Following each such acquisition, 
Vonovia implemented a squeeze-out of minority shareholders and subsequently a delisting of the shares in the acquired entities.  
Vonovia could be exposed to protracted price review proceedings, initiated by former minority shareholders, the outcome of 
which are uncertain, and which could have material adverse effects on the Group's net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Vonovia is exposed to risks from possible violations of data protection regulations. 
On May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ("DSGVO") entered into force in all European member states, 
providing for substantial changes in the regulatory landscape of data protection. The aim of the DSGVO is to protect all EU 
citizens from data protection violations. The DSGVO applies to all companies that process personal data of data subjects 
resident in the European Union, regardless of their location. With about 355,300 own apartments in Germany, about 38,200 
apartments in Sweden and about 22,200 apartments in Austria as well as about 74,000 apartments that Vonovia manages for 
third parties, Vonovia has a high processing volume for private data due to the many tenants living there. Vonovia has 
introduced extensive organizational procedures as part of its compliance systems in order to take into account the new data 
protection aspects introduced by the DSGVO in data processing. However, the regulation of the DSGVO is complex and the 
volume of data processed by Vonovia is considerable. It cannot be guaranteed that Vonovia's compliance systems are actually 
sufficient to control the risks associated with the DSGVO. Should Vonovia violate essential provisions of the DSGVO, 
substantial fines of up to 4% of the worldwide annual turnover or EUR 20 million (whichever is higher) may be imposed. In 
addition to the financial damage that Vonovia may suffer, violations of the DSGVO may also cause considerable damage to 
its reputation, which may lead to a loss of confidence of existing or future tenants, which may have a negative impact on future 
rental income. 
Any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Vonovia could be affected by an initiative in Berlin calling for the expropriation of large residential property companies. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a citizens' initiative (Bürgerinitiative) in Berlin is seeking to force a legislative project 
in the state parliament (Landtag) through a petition for a referendum relating to the enactment of a new state law. The proposed 
law would force large real estate companies such as Vonovia to transfer all or parts of their residential property portfolio 
located in Berlin to the state against the payment of compensation. Such compensation would be determined in accordance 
with statutory German law and could deviate from Vonovia's valuation of the relevant properties. The initiative has stated that 
the aim of such an expropriation (Enteignung) would be to create more affordable living space in Berlin. In January 2021, the 
initiative announced that it would proceed to the second stage of the legally prescribed process for holding a referendum. If 
the necessary quorums are reached within a period of four months, a referendum will be held in the fall of 2021. While legal 
experts have pointed out that it is highly unlikely that the proposed law would be constitutional under German law, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, a success of this initiative cannot be entirely ruled out.  
Should the initiative be successful, Vonovia could be forced to transfer all or parts of its residential property portfolio located 
in Berlin to the state against the payment of compensation. Such compensation would most likely be determined in accordance 
with statutory German law and could deviate from Vonovia's valuation of the relevant properties. Given the early stage of the 
initiative and the existing legal uncertainties, it is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, not possible to reliably estimate how 
Vonovia's Berlin portfolio could exactly be affected should the initiative be successful.  
Tax Risks 
Vonovia is subject to the general tax environment in Germany, Austria, Sweden and France. The Group's tax burden could 
increase, for example as a result of current or future tax assessments, tax audits or litigation or as a result of changes in 
tax laws or changes to their application or interpretation.  
Vonovia's business is subject to the general tax environment in Germany, Austria, Sweden and France. The Group's tax burden 
depends on various aspects of tax laws, as well as their application and interpretation. Tax laws can be changed retroactively, 
and their application/interpretation can be amended by the tax authorities and courts. 
As some Group entities have historically been late in filing their tax declarations, no tax assessments have been received for 
some of the Group's companies in recent years. The unavailability of more recent tax assessments increases the uncertainty 
regarding the tax authorities' interpretations of applicable tax laws for these periods and increases the uncertainty that these 
interpretations may differ from the Group's interpretations. Any tax assessments that deviate from the Group's expectations 
could lead to an increase in the Group's tax burden and, additionally, could give rise to interest payable on the additional 
amount of taxes. 
In addition, the Group entities are regularly subject to tax audits. These tax audits and other investigations conducted by the 
competent tax authorities could result in the assessment of additional taxes. This may be the case, in particular, with respect 
to changes in the Group's shareholding structure, other reorganization measures or impairment on properties with regard to 
which tax authorities could take the view that they ought to be disregarded for tax purposes or otherwise lead to a tax liability. 
Further, expenses, particularly interest expenses, could be treated as non-deductible, or real estate transfer taxes ("RETT") 
could be assessed. In addition, tax-consolidated groups (steuerliche Organschaften) or VAT consolidated tax groups 
(umsatzsteuerliche Organschaften) could be deemed invalid, for instance if one or more profit and loss pooling agreements 
are considered void, as not having been properly executed or if other requirements for tax-consolidated groups or VAT 
consolidated tax groups are not recognized. These circumstances could lead to an increase in the Group's tax obligations and 
could result in interest on back tax payments (Steuernachzahlungen). 
The materialization of any of the aforementioned risks could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
German tax authorities might not accept all tax deductions for interest payments. 
Several tax rules in Germany restrict the tax deductibility of interest expenses for corporate income and trade tax purposes. 
These regulations have recently been repeatedly and substantially amended. Under certain circumstances it may not be possible 
for Vonovia to fully deduct the interest expenses owed on current and future liabilities, thereby increasing its tax burden.  
The acquisition of several real estate portfolios in the past as well as the capital and financing measures undertaken by Vonovia 
in connection with these acquisitions add complexity to the financing structure of the Group and could restrict the deductibility 
of net interest expenses owed under existing and possibly future debt to 30 % of the respective taxpayer’s tax EBITDA for the 
respective financial year.  
Interest expenses that are not tax-deductible in accordance with the above provisions can be carried-forward to subsequent 
years and given certain conditions, interest carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards can be used to reduce future taxable

--- Page 21 ---
21 
income. However, these carry-forwards might be reduced, especially if tax groups are denied by the tax authorities, thus 
leading to higher cash taxes. 
As a result of past or future restructuring of Vonovia's investment holding structure, there is also the possibility that interest 
carry-forwards and tax loss carry-forwards are forfeited. If interest carry-forwards or tax loss carry-forwards were forfeited, 
the deferred tax assets would be impaired, thereby increasing Vonovia's tax burden. Comparable rules with similar 
consequences have been introduced in Sweden and Austria. 
If one of the above risks occurs, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial position, cash 
flow and income of Vonovia. 
A planned reform of the German RETT system could include provisions that adversely affect Vonovia's business. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the legislative process for a reform of the German RETT is underway. In this context, a 
draft bill of the "Act on the amendment of the Real Estate Transfer Tax" (Gesetz zur Änderung des Grunderwerbsteuergesetzes) 
was published.  
Under the current legal situation, share deals in connection with real estate holding companies trigger German RETT in 
particular in the following cases:  
• 
transfer of at least 95 % of the shares in a real estate-holding partnership (but not a corporation) within five years to (any 
number of) new shareholders upon completion of the transfer (the "Partnership Rule"); 
• 
unification of at least 95 % of the shares in a real estate-holding company (partnership or corporation) in the hands of a 
single owner or a group of related shareholders already upon signing; or 
• 
holding of an economic participation of at least 95 % in a real estate-holding company (partnership or corporation) in the 
hands of a single owner.  
The draft bill provides for, inter alia, the following amendments: 
• 
Generally, the relevant threshold of currently 95 % will be lowered to 90 %; 
• 
the general watching period of currently five years will be extended to ten years, and 
• 
there will be a new provision which is modelled after the Partnership Rule and extends its scope to corporations. As a 
consequence, in the future a direct or indirect transfer of at least 90 % of the shares in a real estate-holding corporation 
within ten years to (any number of) new shareholders will trigger RETT (the "New Corporation Rule"). 
This could mean that Vonovia could only acquire 89.9 % of the shares in a corporation, which holds German real estate, 
without triggering RETT if (i) the seller of the shares has already held at least 10.1 % of the shares in such corporation in the 
ten-year period prior to the sale and (ii) continues to hold 10.1 % of the shares in such corporation for further ten years 
following the sale. In particular with respect to the latter requirement, RETT could then also be triggered in case of changes 
to the direct or indirect shareholdings in the seller within the ten-year period following the acquisition of the shares by Vonovia. 
Committees of the Federal Council (Bundesrat) issued certain recommendations regarding this new draft bill on 9 September 
2019, not objecting to the proposed reduction of the 95 % threshold. They have however recommended an exception to the 
New Corporation Rule for exchange-listed companies.  
Following publication, the draft law was subject to significant criticism, resulting in the government halting the legislative 
process to reconsider the various options. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to assess whether a RETT reform 
will be enacted at all before the general elections in 2021. 
It cannot be entirely excluded that the RETT thresholds may even be reduced to below 90 % or that the final bill does not 
provide for an exemption for listed corporations in respect of transfers of shares. 
But even if the threshold is fixed at 90 % and the above described exemption for listed companies is included, the proposed 
legislative changes are expected to significantly increase the complexity of future acquisition processes by way of share or 
interest deals. The proposed amendments would further increase the required minority rights for the seller, increase the 
acquisition costs and would result in future administrative burdens in respect of the newly acquired entity. The changes in the 
law under discussion could even have the effect that it would no longer be possible to prevent the levying of RETT in such 
transfer processes. 
Further, it needs to be noted that it can currently not be excluded that direct or indirect changes to the shareholding in Vonovia 
or in any of the various third parties held 5.1 % of the ownership rights in each of the Group's significant property holding 
subsidiaries may trigger RETT with respect to some or all of the real estate of Vonovia, if such changes result in an indirect

--- Page 22 ---
22 
transfer of at least 90 % of the shares in the property holding subsidiaries to new shareholders within a period of ten years. The 
above-mentioned direct or indirect changes to the shareholding may however be outside of the control of Vonovia.  
The reform of the German RETT system could therefore have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
position, cash flow and income of Vonovia. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category: 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also 
"Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group" above). A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial or total 
failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants may in 
particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or 
debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to 
purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore 
decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also 
securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other debt and require 
the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant 
exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing 
the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining 
to make payments on the Notes. 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will 
have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the 
event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or 
similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of 
third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the 
Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 10 per cent. quorum  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Noteholders representing at least 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, the 
policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type

--- Page 23 ---
23 
of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, 
which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold 
the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. 
If the Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance 
to such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such 
Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders 
by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 13 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding 
on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their 
claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a 
future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date (i) at 
the option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any specified Issuer Call Redemption 
Date or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), (iii) at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a transaction related 
event, or (iv) if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding is equal to or less 
than 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally issued. If the Notes of any Series are 
redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption his 
investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received 
as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market price of and the 
purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the 
total amount of the capital. 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate "Benchmarks" and possible Replacement of a Benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such as 
the EURIBOR (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark 
Regulation") which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that 
they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.  
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased to be calculated 
or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such 
independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued 
Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adviser determines a 
successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from 
the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the 
relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period shall be the 
reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable original benchmark rate.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote social and 
environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Projects"). Vonovia has established a framework for such issuances which further 
specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Projects (the "Green Bond Framework"). The Green Bond Framework 
can be accessed on the website of the Issuer (https://investoren.vonovia.de/). For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green 
Bond Framework nor the content of the website or any Sustainability Evaluation (as defined below) are incorporated by 
reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green Bond Framework 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Tranches of Notes, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as 
"green bonds" or "sustainable bonds". There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project. It is an area which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
should arrive at a definition "green", "social" or "sustainable" they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes not will the 
Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or 
objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement 
on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). On 9 March 
2020, the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance published its final report on the EU taxonomy containing 
recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on 
how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European 
standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond 
Standard"). On 22 June 2020, the Taxonomy Regulation entered into force. It will amend Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector. Moreover, on 12 June 2020, the European Commission 
launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. Based on the outcome of this consultation, as 
well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard 
in the second quarter of 2021 according to Annex 1 of the European Commission Work Programme 2021.  
Due to the still ongoing legislative initiatives, no assurance can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the envisaged use of 
proceeds for relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the Green Bond Framework will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or (ii) any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms and the Green Bond Framework, there 
can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented or acquired in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible 
Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such Eligible Green Projects 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not constitute an event or default under the Notes or give the 
Noteholders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes.  
Sustainability evaluations 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a "Sustainability Evaluation" also referred to as a "Second-

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Party Opinion"). Any such Sustainability Evaluation may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes issued in 
accordance with the Green Bond Framework ("Green Financing Instruments") or any Eligible Green Projects against which 
the Issuer may assign the proceeds of any Notes.  
Such Sustainability Evaluation provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Sustainability Evaluation is a statement of opinion, not 
a statement of fact. Any such Sustainability Evaluation is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Sustainability Evaluation is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Sustainability Evaluation and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such Sustainability Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the provider(s) of any Sustainability 
Evaluation. 
Listing of Notes on specific stock exchange segments or platforms 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Series of Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Noteholders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with any future voluntary or regulatory 
standard for sustainable instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any 
Eligible Green Projects and (iii) the withdrawal of any Sustainability Evaluation may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
− 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; and 
− 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
− 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option 
II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and 
Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
− 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options 
contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the 
information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes 
will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each 
of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating 
the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets 
within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be 
completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any 
footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
in the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or 
in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such 
offers to the public or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, 
a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer, as specified on the back cover of this Base Prospectus. 
- 
in other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - 
INTRODUCTION 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN - EINFÜHRUNG 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Emissionsbedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options 
contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on 
the left of or in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, 
which of the Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating 
the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen 
enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die entsprechend 
gekennzeichnet 
sind, 
indem 
die 
jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder 
links von dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen oder in 
eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb 
des 
Satzes 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. In den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der 
Option I oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem entweder 
die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die 
betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the 
Issuer does not have knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Base 
Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets 
which include the relevant items that will be completed by the 
Final Terms. 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, 
die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Basisprospekt Platzhalter in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die 
Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben 
enthalten. 
[In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the set of 
Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II, the 
following applies: The provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of 
the final terms which is attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). 
The blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as 
if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of 
the Final Terms are indicated as "not applicable" shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and 
all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory 
notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified office 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für eine 
einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die weiteren 
Optionen verweisen, die im Satz der Emissionsbedingungen 
der Option I oder Option II enthalten sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten 
für 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der 
beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Platzhalter in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch 
die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben vervollständigt wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen sind als "nicht anwendbar" 
gekennzeichnet, gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen

--- Page 30 ---
30 
of the Fiscal Agent and at the principal office of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any 
stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only 
be available to holders of such Notes.] 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen 
der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
sowie 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an 
einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
allerdings 
ausschließlich 
für 
die 
Gläubiger 
solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 31 ---
31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - OPTION I 
NOTES WITH A FIXED INTEREST RATE 
Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed 
interest rates 
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, 
DENOMINATION, 
FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, 
STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This issue of notes (the 
"Notes") of Vonovia SE (the "Issuer"), is being 
issued in the aggregate principal amount [In case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [Specified Currency] 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations of 
[Specified Currency] [Specified Denomination] 
(the "Specified Denomination") on [Issue Date] 
(the "Issue Date"). 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Vonovia SE (die 
"Emittentin") wird am [Begebungstag] (der 
"Begebungstag") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung 
von 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung") 
begeben. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(2) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for 
Notes in Specified Denominations represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global 
Note" 
and, together 
with 
the 
Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes") 
without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear 
and CBL and if the Global Note is an NGN 
the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered in the records of the 
ICSD (as defined below).] The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
shall each be signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive certificates representing 
individual Notes and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, zusammen mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
"Globalurkunden") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear 
und 
CBL 
und 
wenn 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: 
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen Austausches 
werden in die Register der ICSD (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
eingetragen.] 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal 
Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on 
a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 
180 days after the Issue Date. The Exchange 
Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the 
Issue Date. Such exchange shall only be made 
 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Begebungstag 
liegt. Der Austauschtag wird nicht weniger als 
40 Tage nach dem Begebungstag liegen. Ein

--- Page 32 ---
32 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes is 
not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions). Payment 
of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th day 
after the Issue Date will be treated as a request 
to exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). Any Notes delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 1[(7)]). 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Begebungstag eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Austausch für die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1[(7)] definiert) 
geliefert werden. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [in case of 
more than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Brussels 
("Euroclear")] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing 
System the following applies: "International 
Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means 
each of CBL and Euroclear (together, the "ICSDs")]. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange 
von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem gilt folgendes: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/ 
NV, 
Brüssel 
("Euroclear")] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Falle von CBL oder 
Euroclear als Clearingsystem, gilt folgendes: 
"International Central Securities Depositary" 
oder "ICSD" bezeichnet jeweils CBL und Euroclear 
(zusammen die "ICSDs")]. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
Common Safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in classical 
global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
Classical Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]

--- Page 33 ---
33 
(5) 
Noteholder of Notes. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
(6) 
Records of the ICSDs. The principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note or 
the Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
(6) 
Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die 
jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres 
Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
bzw. 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of an installment or 
interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such 
installment so paid. 
 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
Zahlung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsrate oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über jede Rückzahlung und 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunden anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
Bei 
Austausch 
nur 
eines 
Teils 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden.] 
[(7)] United States. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions "United States" means the United States 
of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
[(7)] Vereinigte 
Staaten. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless 
such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, unbedingte, nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, so long as 
any Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed 
at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to create or 
permit to subsist, and to procure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to subsist, 
any form of security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) over its assets to secure any 
Capital Market Indebtedness other than Securitised 
Capital Market Indebtedness or to secure any 
guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries in respect of Capital Market 
Indebtedness unless, subject to § 2(3), the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are secured equally with 
(or, in case such Capital Market Indebtedness is 
subordinated debt, senior in priority to) the Capital 
Market Indebtedness secured by such security 
interest. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wurden, keine dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte an ihren Vermögenswerten zur 
Besicherung von Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten) oder von durch die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften in 
Bezug 
auf 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
übernommenen 
Garantien 
oder 
abgegebenen 
Freistellungserklärungen 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen bzw. sicherzustellen, dass 
keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften dies 
tut, es sei denn, die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 2(3) 
durch 
das 
betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht gleichrangig mit der jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, sofern es sich 
dabei um eine nachrangige Verbindlichkeit handelt, 
im Vergleich dazu vorrangig) besichert. 
(3) 
Limitation. The undertakings pursuant to § 2(2) shall 
not apply: 
 
(3) 
Beschränkung. Die Verpflichtungserklärungen nach 
§ 2(2) gelten nicht: 
(a) 
to any security interest which is mandatory 
according to applicable laws or required as 
prerequisite for governmental approvals; or 
 
(a) 
für Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem 
Recht zwingend vorgeschrieben sind oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung staatlicher 
Genehmigungen sind; oder 
(b) 
with respect to any security right in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) provided by any 
Subsidiary over any of such Subsidiary's 
claims against the Issuer, which claims arise as 
a result of the passing on to the Issuer of the 
proceeds from the issue by such Subsidiary of 
any Capital Market Indebtedness, provided 
that any such security serves solely to secure 
obligations under such Capital Market 
Indebtedness issued by such Subsidiary. 
 
(b) 
für dingliche Sicherungsrechte, die von einer 
Tochtergesellschaft an Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt werden, die ihr aufgrund der 
Weiterleitung von erzielten Erlösen der 
Tochtergesellschaft aus der Begebung von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
erzielten 
Erlösen 
der 
Tochtergesellschaft 
an 
die 
Emittentin zustehen, vorausgesetzt, diese 
Sicherheiten 
dienen 
ausschließlich 
der 
Besicherung von Verpflichtungen aus den von 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
begebenen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten. 
(4) 
Provision of Additional Security. Whenever the 
Issuer becomes obligated to secure (or procure that a 
Material Subsidiary secures) the Notes pursuant to 
 
(4) 
Bestellung zusätzlicher Sicherheiten. Entsteht für die 
Emittentin die Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 2(2) (oder entsteht

--- Page 35 ---
35 
§ 2(2), the Issuer shall be entitled to discharge such 
obligation by providing (or procure that the relevant 
Material Subsidiary provides) a security interest in 
the relevant collateral to a security trustee, such 
security trustee to hold such collateral and the 
security interest that gave rise to the creation of such 
collateral, equally (dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung gleichrangig), for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the holders of the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by the security interest that 
gave rise to the creation of such security interest in 
such collateral. 
die Verpflichtung, für deren Besicherung durch eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft Sorge zu tragen), so 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese Verpflichtung 
dadurch zu erfüllen, dass ein Sicherungsrecht an dem 
jeweiligen Sicherungsgegenstand zugunsten eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders 
begründet 
wird 
(bzw. 
dadurch, dass sie die betreffende Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft zur Begründung eines solchen 
Sicherungsrechts veranlassen), und zwar in einer 
Weise, dass der Sicherheitentreuhänder diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig 
zugunsten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen und 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, die aufgrund einer 
Besicherung 
mit 
einem 
Sicherungsrecht 
zur 
Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
§ 3 
VERZINSUNG 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be 
payable annually in arrears on [Interest Payment 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [first Interest Payment Date] [if the first 
Interest Payment Date is not the first anniversary 
of Interest Commencement Date the following 
applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount 
per Specified Denomination]]. [if the Maturity 
Date is not an annual Interest Payment Date the 
following applies: Interest in respect of the period 
from (and including) [last Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination].] 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % p.a. bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5(1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich). Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
gilt 
folgendes: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegte Stückelung]]. 
[sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
kein 
jährlicher 
Zinszahlungstag ist, gilt folgendes: Die Zinsen für 
den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich 
auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegte Stückelung].] 
(2) 
Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue 
to accrue on the outstanding amount from (and 
including) the due date until (but excluding) the date 
of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate 
of interest established by law1. Claims for further 
damages in case of late payment are not excluded. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsverzug. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird der ausstehende Betrag vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich bestimmten 
Verzugszins[1] verzinst. Die Geltendmachung eines 
weitergehenden Schadens ist nicht ausgeschlossen. 
 
1 
The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichen 
Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods of less than one 
Year. If interest [if First Interest Payment Date is 
not first anniversary of Interest Commencement 
Date and the Initial Broken Amounts per Specified 
Denomination 
have 
been 
specified 
in 
the 
applicable Final Terms the following applies: for 
any period other than the first interest period] is to 
be calculated for a period of less than a full year, it 
shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below).] [If the Specified 
Currency is Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is 
applicable the following applies: The number of 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year (each a 
"Determination Date") is [number of regular 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].] 
 
(3) 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume von weniger 
als einem Jahr. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem vollen Jahr zu berechnen sind, 
erfolgt [sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der 
erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist und die 
anfänglichen Bruchteilzinsbeträge je Festgelegte 
Stückelung in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
festgelegt wurden, gilt folgendes:, außer für den 
ersten Zinszahlungszeitraum,] die Berechnung auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert). [falls die Festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist, und falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes: Die Anzahl der 
Zinszahlungstage je Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein 
"Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage je Kalenderjahr].] 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the 
following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) gilt folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365). 
[In case of Actual/Actual (ICMA) the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/Actual (ICMA) gilt folgendes: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including 
the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in 
such Calculation Period (from and including 
the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(a) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) kürzer ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt oder ihr 
entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period (from and including 
the first day of such period but excluding the 
last) is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
sum of: (A) the number of days in such 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation 
Period begins divided by the product of (1) the 
 
(b) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
(einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich 
des letzten Tages dieses Zeitraums) länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, die 
Summe aus (A) der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der

--- Page 37 ---
37 
number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year and (B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in einem 
Kalenderjahr und (B) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
"Determination Period" means the period from 
(and including) a Determination Date (or, in the case 
of the first Determination Date, from (and including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date) 
to, 
(but 
excluding) the next Determination Date.] 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) (oder, 
im Fall des ersten Feststellungstermins, vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich)) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich).] 
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/360 gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei 
ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung 
des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im 
Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode 
der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar 
ist, in welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein 
auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of Notes shall be 
made, in accordance with § 4(2), to the Paying Agent 
for forwarding to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(1) 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 4(2) an die Zahlstelle zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, in 
accordance with § 4(2), to the Clearing System or to 
its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des § 4(2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
oder 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften werden auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
geleistet. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount 
in respect of any Note is not a Business Day then the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
 
(4) 
Geschäftstag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Geschäftstag am jeweiligen Ort und ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System as well as 
(ii) all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to 
effect payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem sowie (ii) 
alle maßgeblichen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, um 
Zahlungen vorzunehmen.] 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in [relevant financial center(s)] 
and (ii) the Clearing System are generally open for 
business and settle payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an dem 
(i) 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
und (ii) das Clearingsystem für Geschäfte geöffnet 
sind bzw. Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the principal amount per Note, [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount,] [if 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung, [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurück zu zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag,] [falls

--- Page 39 ---
39 
transaction related event, the following applies: the 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount,] [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Issuer Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: the Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount,] [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder at 
specified redemption amount(s), the following 
applies: the Put Redemption Amount,] Additional 
Amounts and any other premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag,] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig 
zurück zu zahlen, gilt folgendes: den Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag,] 
[falls 
der 
Anleihegläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen zu einem 
festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag bzw. festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
zu 
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag,] Zusätzliche Beträge und alle 
Aufschläge 
oder 
sonstigen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder im Zusammenhang 
damit 
gegebenenfalls 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gegebenenfalls gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Noteholders within twelve months after the 
Maturity Date, even though such Noteholders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to 
the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Noteholders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger sich 
nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Anleihegläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(7)  Payments Subject to Applicable Law. Payments will 
be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
 
(7) 
Zahlungen 
vorbehaltlich 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Regelungen. 
Alle 
Zahlungen 
erfolgen 
unter 
Vorbehalt (i), unbeschadet der Regelungen in § 7, 
sämtlichen 
steuerrechtlichen 
Regelungen 
oder 
anderen Gesetzen und Regelungen, die solche 
Zahlungen betreffen, und (ii) einer Einbehaltung 
oder eines Abzugs gemäß Abschnitt 1471(b) des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") oder 
anderer Regelungen gemäß den Abschnitten 1471 bis 
1474 des Codes sowie sämtlichen darunter 
erlassenen Vorschriften, förmlichen Interpretationen 
und 
(unbeschadet 
der 
Regelungen 
in 
§ 7) 
Umsetzungsakten, 
die 
auf 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarungen beruhen. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) 
Redemption 
at 
Maturity. 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am

--- Page 40 ---
40 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in 
respect of the Issuer affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of measures available to the Issuer, which 
are, in the judgement of the Issuer, in each case 
taking into account the interests of Noteholders, 
reasonable, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, on the next 
Interest Payment Date upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 14 to the Noteholders, at the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist 
von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze und 
Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion im 
Hinblick auf die Emittentin, die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher 
Art betreffen, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
am oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen, die nach Auffassung der Emittentin 
zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die Interessen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
berücksichtigen 
sind) 
vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice 
is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
(i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung von 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 14. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die 
das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption 
Amount, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurück zu zahlen, gilt 
folgendes:

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(a) 
The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem on any 
date specified by it (the "Call Redemption 
Date"), at its option, the Notes (except for any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under § 5) 
in whole but not in part, at their Call 
Redemption Amount together with accrued 
but unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the relevant Call Redemption Date. 
 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung 
der Anleihegläubiger bereits in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt hat) 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach ihrer 
Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden 
Tag (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag") zu ihrem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(zuzüglich 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen aber noch nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen) zurückzahlen. 
The "Call Redemption Amount" per Note 
shall be the higher of: 
 
Der 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem höheren 
von: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the relevant Note 
to be redeemed; or 
 
(i) 
dem Nennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung; oder 
(ii) 
the Present Value 
 
(ii) 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert 
The Call Redemption Amount shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Der Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
The "Present Value" will be the sum of 
 
Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" ist die Summe 
aus 
(a)  the principal amount of the Note to be 
redeemed 
which 
would 
otherwise 
become due on the Maturity Date, 
discounted to the Call Redemption Date; 
and 
(a) 
dem auf den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten Wert des Nennbetrags der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldver-
schreibung, 
der 
ansonsten 
am 
Fälligkeitstag fällig werden würde; und 
(b)  the remaining interest payments which 
would otherwise become due on each 
Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Call Redemption Date to and including 
the Maturity Date (excluding any 
interest accrued to but excluding the Call 
Redemption Date), each discounted to 
the Call Redemption Date. 
(b) 
den 
jeweils 
auf 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten Werten 
der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen, die 
ansonsten an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
nach dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) fällig 
werden würden (ausschließlich etwaiger, 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen). 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Present Value in accordance with market 
convention on a basis which is consistent with 
the calculation of interest as set out in § 3, 
using the Benchmark Yield plus [insert 
percentage] per cent. 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
errechnet 
den 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert 
gemäß 
der 
Marktkonvention auf einer Grundlage, die der 
Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß § 3 entspricht, 
wobei sie die Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % zugrunde legt.  
The "Benchmark Yield" means the yield at 
the Redemption Calculation Date of the 
corresponding [insert [euro denominated 
 
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet die am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
bestehende 
Rendite der entsprechenden [einfügen: [Euro-

--- Page 42 ---
42 
benchmark debt security of the Federal 
Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: 
ISIN or other securities code, based on the 
reference price for such benchmark security 
on such day, as observed at or about noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on 
such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt 
HP (using the setting "Fixing Price" and the 
pricing source ["FRNK"] [other source as 
relevant]), or as derived or published by such 
other 
source 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent], and if such yield is not 
available at that time the Benchmark Yield 
shall be the yield of a substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Calculation Agent, in 
each case as having a maturity comparable to 
the remaining term of the Note to the Maturity 
Date, that would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the Maturity Date. 
Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter Angabe folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN 
oder andere Wertpapierkennung, basierend 
auf dem Referenzpreis für diese Referenz-
Anleihe an diesem Tag, wie um oder gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] 
[andere relevante Zeitzone] an diesem Tag 
auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP 
(unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Fixing 
Price" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] 
[andere relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, 
oder wie von einer anderen, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegten, 
Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] oder sollte die 
Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt nicht verfügbar 
sein, bezeichnet die Benchmark-Rendite eine 
ersetzende Referenzanleihe, die von der 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, die jeweils 
mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag vergleichbar ist, und die im 
Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und 
entsprechend der üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissionen von 
Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet werden 
würde. 
"Redemption Calculation Date" means the 
sixth Business Day prior to the date on which 
the Notes are redeemed in accordance with this 
§ 5(3). 
 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" 
ist 
der 
sechste Geschäftstag vor dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem § 5(3) 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; and 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date.] 
 
(ii) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag.] 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer on Call Redemption Date(s), 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach eigener Wahl an 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e) vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt folgendes: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer on 
Issuer Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[am] [an] Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[en] 
(a) The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem with 
effect on the Issuer Call Redemption Date(s) at 
its option, the Notes (except for any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Anleihegläubiger bereits in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt 
hat) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Noteholder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5) in whole 
but not in part, at their Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant 
Issuer Call Redemption Date. 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (zuzüglich etwaigen bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen aber noch nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen) zurückzahlen. 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Date[s] 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs
tag[e] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs
betrag 
[insert Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Issuer 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungst
ag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsb
etrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption;  
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date; and 
 
(ii) 
den Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; 
und 
(iii)  the Issuer Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed.] 
 
(iii)  den 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden.] 
[If Notes are subject to early redemption at the 
option of the Issuer during a Call Redemption 
Period, the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Recht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
eigener 
Wahl 
während einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer during 
a Call Redemption Period 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
während einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode 
(a) The Issuer may upon not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with § 14, to the Noteholders redeem with 
effect on the Issuer Call Redemption Date(s) at 
its option, the Notes (except for any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5) in whole 
but not in part, at their Issuer Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the relevant 
Issuer Call Redemption Date. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Anleihegläubiger bereits in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 verlangt 
hat) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber der Zahlstelle und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
kündigen und an dem Emittenten Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu dem Emittenten Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (zuzüglich etwaigen bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Emittenten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen aber noch nicht gezahlten 
Zinsen) zurückzahlen.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
"Issuer Call Redemption Date" means each 
Business Day within the Call Redemption 
Period[s] as selected by the Issuer. 
 
"Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet einen Geschäftstag nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
innerhalb 
einer 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode. 
Call 
Redemption 
Period[s] 
Issuer Call 
Redemption 
Amount[s] 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungs
periode[n] 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs
betrag 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[insert Call 
Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsp
eriode 
einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsb
etrag/ beträge 
einfügen] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 14. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Anleihegläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 14 bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption;  
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the Issuer Call Redemption Date; and 
 
(ii) 
den Emittenten Call-Rückzahlungstag; 
und 
(iii) the Issuer Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed.] 
 
(iii) den 
Emittenten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden.] 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue 
Date, each Noteholder shall have the right, but 
not the obligation, to require the Issuer to 
redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) in whole or in part his 
Notes at the principal amount per Note 
together with accrued and unpaid interest up to 
(but excluding) the Change of Control Put 
Date (the "Change of Control Put Option"). 
Such Change of Control Put Option shall 
operate as set out below under § 5[(6)] (b)-(c). 
 
(a) 
Tritt 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
ein, 
so 
ist 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, 
aber 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
die 
vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung oder, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin, den vollständigen 
oder teilweisen Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung 
eines Ankaufs) seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
zuzüglich 
bis 
zum 
Kontrollwechsel-
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener aber noch nicht 
gezahlter 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Kontrollwechsel-Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie nachstehend 
unter § 5[(6)] (b)-(c) beschrieben auszuüben. 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to 
have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the board of executive directors or 
supervisory board of the Issuer) that: 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal in einem 
der 
folgenden 
Fälle 
als 
eingetreten 
(unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder der 
Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin zugestimmt hat), 
wenn: 
(i) 
in the event of a public tender offer for 
shares of the Issuer a situation arises in 
which 
 
(i) 
im 
Fall 
eines 
öffentlichen 
Übernahmeangebots für Aktien der 
Emittentin die Situation eintritt, dass

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(A) shares 
already 
directly 
or 
indirectly under the control of the 
bidder and/or Persons acting in 
concert with the bidder and shares 
which have already been tendered 
in the tender offer, carry in 
aggregate more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting rights in the Issuer; and 
 
(A) Aktien, die sich bereits unmittelbar 
oder mittelbar unter der Kontrolle 
des Bieters und/oder gemeinsam 
mit ihm handelnder Personen 
befinden, und bereits im Rahmen 
des 
Übernahmeangebots 
eingereichte 
Aktien 
insgesamt 
mehr als 50 % der Stimmrechte der 
Emittentin auf sich vereinen; und 
(B) the offer is or has become 
unconditional (other than for 
conditions relating to regulatory, 
in 
particular 
merger 
control, 
approvals and other conditions the 
satisfaction of which may remain 
pending following the end of the 
acceptance period pursuant to 
section 16(1) 
of 
the 
German 
Takeover 
Act 
(Gesetz 
zur 
Regelung 
von 
öffentlichen 
Angeboten 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Wertpapieren 
und 
von 
Unternehmensübernahmen 
- 
WpÜG)); or 
 
(B) das Angebot nicht oder nicht mehr 
von Bedingungen abhängig ist (mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Bedingungen 
hinsichtlich 
aufsichtsrechtlicher, 
insbesondere 
fusionskontrollrechtlicher, 
Genehmigungen 
und 
anderer 
Bedingungen, 
deren 
Erfüllung 
nach 
Ende 
der 
Annahmefrist 
gemäß § 16 Abs. 1 des Gesetzes 
zur Regelung von öffentlichen 
Angeboten 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Wertpapieren 
und 
von 
Unternehmensübernahmen 
(WpÜG) noch offen bleiben kann); 
oder 
(ii)  any Person and/or Persons acting in 
concert otherwise acquires Control; or 
 
(ii) 
eine Person bzw. gemeinsam handelnde 
Personen erwerben in sonstiger Weise 
Kontrolle; oder 
(iii) the Issuer sells or otherwise transfers all 
or substantially all of its assets to any 
Person (except for any Controlled 
Subsidiary). 
 
(iii) die Emittentin ihr gesamtes oder im 
Wesentlichen ihr gesamtes Vermögen an 
eine Person (die keine Abhängige 
Tochtergesellschaft ist) verkauft oder in 
sonstiger Weise überträgt. 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial ownership or any legal or beneficial 
entitlement (as defined in section 34 of the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG)) of, in the 
aggregate, more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
shares of the Issuer. 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder 
mittelbare rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
oder 
eine 
rechtliche 
oder 
wirtschaftliche Berechtigung (im Sinne von 
§ 34 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes (WpHG)) 
an 
insgesamt 
mehr 
als 
50 
% 
der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der Emittentin. 
"Controlled Subsidiary" means any entity 
controlled (abhängiges Unternehmen) by the 
Issuer within the meaning of section 17 of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
"Abhängige Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin im Sinne von § 17 des 
Aktiengesetzes 
(AktG) 
abhängiges 
Unternehmen. 
(b) 
If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer 
shall, without undue delay, after the Issuer 
becoming aware thereof, give notice of the 
Change of Control (a "Change of Control Put 
Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 specifying the nature of 
the Change of Control and the procedure for 
exercising the Change of Control Put Option 
contained in this § 5[(6)] (including the 
 
(b) 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die 
Emittentin dies unverzüglich, nachdem die 
Emittentin davon Kenntnis erlangt hat, den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit (eine 
"Kontrollwechsel-Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung") und gibt 
dabei die Art des Kontrollwechsels und das in 
diesem § 5[(6)] vorgesehene Verfahren zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Kontrollwechsel-

--- Page 46 ---
46 
information on the Clearing System account of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
for 
purposes 
of 
subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5[(6)]). 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrechts an 
(mit Angaben zum Clearingsystem-Konto der 
Zahlstelle für die Zwecke von Teilziffer (c)(ii) 
dieses § 5[(6)]). 
(c) 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, 
the Noteholder must deliver on any Business 
Day within 30 days after a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice has been published (the 
"Change of Control Put Period") (i) to the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the 
then current form obtainable from the Fiscal 
Agent (a "Change of Control Put Notice") 
and (ii) the aggregate Specified Denomination 
of Notes for which the Noteholder wishes to 
exercise its Change of Control Put Option 
either by transferring such Notes to the 
Clearing System account of the Paying Agent 
or by withdrawal of such Notes from such 
Noteholder's account in accordance with the 
procedures of the Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) the relevant Note(s) 
on the date (the "Change of Control Put 
Date") seven days after the expiration of the 
Change of Control Put Period unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the 
customary procedures through the Clearing 
System. A Change of Control Put Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable. 
 
(c) 
Zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrechts 
muss 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
an 
einem 
Geschäftstag 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungsereignis-
Mitteilung bekannt gegeben wurde (der 
"Kontrollwechsel-Ausübungszeitraum"), 
(i) bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des 
Fiscal Agent eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte 
und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung in der 
jeweils bei dem Fiscal Agent erhältlichen 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Kontrollwechsel-Ausübungserklärung") 
und (ii) Schuldverschreibungen in Höhe des 
Gesamtbetrags der Festgelegten Stückelung 
einreichen, für die der Anleihegläubiger sein 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben möchte, und 
zwar entweder durch Übertragung dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle oder 
durch 
Ausbuchung 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot des Anleihegläubigers gemäß 
den Verfahren des Clearingsystems. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) sieben Tage nach 
Ablauf 
des 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Ausübungszeitraums (der "Kontrollwechsel-
Rückzahlungstag") zurückzahlen oder nach 
ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), 
soweit sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet wurde(n). Die 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das 
Clearingsystem. Eine einmal abgegebene 
Kontrollwechsel- 
Ausübungserklärung 
ist 
unwiderruflich. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholder at specified redemption 
amount(s), the following applies: 
 
[Falls der Anleihegläubiger das Wahlrecht hat, die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bzw. 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungsbeträgen 
zu 
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder of any Note, redeem such Note on 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung 
nach 
Ausübung 
des 
entsprechenden

--- Page 47 ---
47 
the Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
Wahlrechts durch den Anleihegläubiger am/an 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
zum/zu 
den 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen, wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Anleihegläubigerwahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Put 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Anleihegläubiger
wahl-
Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
Anleihegläubigerw
ahl-
Rückzahlungsbetra
g/-beträge 
[Put 
Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Anleihegläubigerw
ahl-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e)] 
[Anleihegläubigerw
ahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag
/-beträge] 
The Noteholder may not exercise such option 
in respect of any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its 
options to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in 
Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem 
§ 5 verlangt hat. 
(b) 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must, 
not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days 
before the Put Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as specified 
in the Put Redemption Notice (as defined 
below), deliver (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the then current form 
obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put 
Redemption Notice") and (ii) the aggregate 
Specified Denomination of Notes for which 
the Noteholder wishes to exercise its option 
either (x) by transferring such Notes to the 
Clearing System account of the Paying Agent 
or (y) by giving an irrevocable instruction to 
the Paying Agent to withdraw such Notes from 
a securities account of the Noteholder with the 
Paying Agent. Payment in respect of any Note 
so delivered will be made in accordance with 
the customary procedures through the Clearing 
System. A Put Redemption Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable.] 
 
(b) 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungstag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, (i) bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei dem 
Fiscal Agent erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Anleihegläubigerwahl- 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung") und 
(ii) Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags der Festgelegten Stückelung 
einreichen, für die der Anleihegläubiger sein 
Wahlrecht 
ausüben 
möchte, 
und 
zwar 
entweder 
(x) durch 
Übertragung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle oder 
(y) durch unwiderrufliche Anweisung an die 
Zahlstelle 
zur 
Ausbuchung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot des Anleihegläubigers bei der 
Zahlstelle. Die Zahlung in Bezug auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt gemäß den 
üblichen Verfahren über das Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich.]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption in 
case of minimal outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes, the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, 
gilt folgendes: 
[(8)] Early Redemption in case of minimal outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes. If 80 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of 
this § 5, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 14, redeem at any time, at its 
option, the remaining Notes as a whole at the 
principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of such redemption on the next 
Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach diesem § 5 von der 
Emittentin oder einer direkten oder indirekten 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer 
Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen am nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: 
[(9)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event. 
 
[(9)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction Trigger 
Notice in accordance with the requirements set out 
below and in accordance with paragraph (b), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the 
Issuer exercises its call right in accordance with 
sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
redeemed at the Transaction Trigger Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Trigger Call Redemption Date on the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date.  
 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt oder teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß 
Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, 
jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Transaktions-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
"Transaction" 
means 
[insert 
description 
of 
envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing purposes].  
 
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten Transaktion für deren Finanzierung die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the period 
from [insert issue date] to [insert end of period 
date]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice to the 
Noteholders given in accordance with paragraph (b) 
and § 14 within the Transaction Notice Period that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to its 
completion or that the Transaction will not be settled 
for any reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß Absatz (b) und § 14 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde oder dass die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
durchgeführt wird oder dass die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice shall 
also specify the Trigger Redemption Date. 
Transaktion 
zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
hat 
ferner 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen. 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption following the occurrence of 
one of the events detailed above, by giving notice in 
accordance with § 14. 
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 verzichten. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per 
Note means [●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet 
pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro Festgelegte 
Stückelung. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the 
redemption date specified in the Transaction 
Trigger Notice which shall be not less than 30 
days nor more than 60 days after the date of the 
Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den 
in 
der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
(b) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
die 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 14 zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii)  whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed;  
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen;  
(iii) the Trigger Call Redemption Date and;  
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag; und 
(iv)  the Trigger Call Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv)  den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag zu 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear either as a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.]] 
 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream Luxemburg und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
wiedergegeben.]]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING AGENT [in 
the case of Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following 
applies: 
AND 
CALCULATION 
AGENT] 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,][UND] ZAHLSTELLE 
[falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal 
Agent [,][and] the initial Paying Agent [in the case 
of Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
the Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: and the initial Calculation Agent] and their 
initial specified offices shall be: 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [,][und] die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: und die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle] und deren anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
"Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent": 
 
"Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
[in the case of Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
"Calculation Agent": 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London, EC2A 4EB 
United Kingdom] 
[name and specified office]] 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London, EC2A 4EB 
Vereinigtes Königreich] 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]] 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] Paying Agent [in the case 
of Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
the Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their specified offices to some 
other office in the same country. 
 
Der Fiscal Agent [,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent [in the case of Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption 
Amount, the following applies: or the Calculation 
Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or 
additional or other Paying Agents [in the case of 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at the 
Call Redemption Amount, the following applies: or 
another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Fiscal Agent [,][and] a Paying 
Agent [in the case of Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption 
Amount the following applies: and a Calculation 
Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
 
(2) 
Änderung oder Beendigung der Bestellung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
einen Fiscal Agent [und][,] eine Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die

--- Page 51 ---
51 
other change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 14. 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: und eine Berechnungsstelle] unterhalten. 
Eine Änderung, Beendigung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 14 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the 
Paying Agent [in the case of Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer at the Call Redemption 
Amount, the following applies: and the Calculation 
Agent] and any other paying agent appointed 
pursuant to subsection (2) act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Noteholder. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent 
[,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] und jede andere nach Absatz (2) 
bestellte Zahlstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent [in the 
case of Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Call Redemption Amount, the 
following applies: and the Calculation Agent] may 
engage the advice or services of any lawyers or other 
experts whose advice or services it deems necessary 
and may rely upon any advice so obtained. Neither 
the Fiscal Agent nor the Paying Agent [in the case 
of Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at 
the Call Redemption Amount, the following 
applies: nor the Calculation Agent] will incur any 
liability as against the Issuer or the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not taken, or suffered 
to be taken, or not taken, in accordance with such 
advice in good faith. 
 
 
Der Fiscal Agent[,][und] die Zahlstelle [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] können den 
Rat eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Der Fiscal Agent[,][und] 
die Zahlstelle [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: und die Berechnungsstelle] übernehmen 
keine Haftung gegenüber der Emittentin bzw. den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben im Einklang mit 
einer solchen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder 
geduldet wurden. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
§ 7 
BESTEUERUNG 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied at source by way 
of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised, engaged 
in business, resident for tax purposes or generally 
subject to tax on a net income basis or through or 
from which payment on the Notes is made or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax (each, a "Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If such withholding 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher 
Art gezahlt, die von oder im Namen eines Landes, in 
dem die Emittentin gegründet wurde, geschäftstätig, 
steuerlich ansässig oder grundsätzlich mit ihren 
Nettoeinkünften steuerpflichtig ist oder über das oder 
aus dem Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
geleistet 
werden, 
oder 
einer 
steuererhebungsberechtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder Steuerbehörde dieses Landes (jeweils eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") im Wege des

--- Page 52 ---
52 
with respect to amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes is required by law, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts an der Quelle auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein 
Einbehalt in Bezug auf zu zahlenden Beträge auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, 
so wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Anleihegläubigern erhalten worden 
wären; eine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern oder Abgaben: 
(a) 
are payable by any Person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it, or 
 
(a) 
die 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers handelnden Person zu 
entrichten sind oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin 
von den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt, oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder 
having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the 
fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(b) 
die aufgrund einer bestehenden oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung 
des Anleihegläubigers zur Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen sind, und nicht 
allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, 
oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Federal Republic of Germany or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder (ii) zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarungen über deren Besteuerung, an 
denen die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die der 
Umsetzung dieser Richtlinie, Verordnung 
oder 
dieses 
Abkommens 
oder 
dieser 
Vereinbarung dient, diesen entspricht oder zur 
Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind, oder 
(d) 
would not have been imposed or withheld but 
for the failure of the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner of Notes (including, for these purposes, 
any financial institution through which the 
Noteholder or beneficial owner holds the 
Notes or through which payment on the Notes 
is made), following a written request by or on 
behalf of the Issuer addressed to the 
(d) 
die nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden 
wären, wenn es der Anleihegläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für die vorliegenden 
Zwecke einschließlich Finanzinstitute, über 
die der Anleihegläubiger oder wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält 
oder 
über 
die 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Noteholder or beneficial owner (and made at 
a time that would enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply 
with that request, and in all events, at least 30 
days before any withholding or deduction 
would be required), to comply with any 
certification, identification, information or 
other reporting requirement whether required 
by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, 
that is a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or 
withholding of, taxes imposed by the Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
(including, 
without 
limitation, a certification that the Noteholder 
or beneficial owner is not resident in the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), but in each 
case, only to the extent the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner is legally entitled to provide 
such 
certification, 
information 
or 
documentation, or 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen) 
nicht 
unterlassen 
hätte, 
nach 
einer 
an 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung der Emittentin oder in deren 
Namen (die so rechtzeitig erfolgt, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
dieser 
Aufforderung 
mit 
zumutbaren 
Anstrengungen 
nachkommen 
kann, in jedem Fall aber mindestens 30 Tage, 
bevor ein Einbehalt oder Abzug erforderlich 
wäre), 
einer 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Abkommen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis in einer Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
vorgeschrieben 
Bescheinigungs-, 
Identifizierungs-, 
Informations-, oder sonstigen Nachweispflicht 
nachzukommen, die Voraussetzung für eine 
Befreiung 
von 
in 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion erhobenen Steuern oder 
eine Reduzierung der Höhe des Abzugs oder 
Einbehalts solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine 
Bescheinigung, dass der Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer nicht in 
der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion ansässig 
ist), 
jedoch 
jeweils 
nur, 
soweit 
der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer rechtlich berechtigt ist, die 
Bescheinigung, 
Information 
oder 
Dokumentation vorzulegen, oder 
(e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14, whichever occurs later, 
or 
(e) 
die wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 
wirksam wird, oder 
(f) 
any combinations of items (a)-(e), 
(f) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(e). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Noteholder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required by the laws 
of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in 
the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of 
such partnership or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts 
had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Noteholder of the Note. 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Anleihegläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer der Zahlung 
erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
eine 
solche 
Zahlung 
für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder eines 
Gesellschafters 
der 
Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen 
wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines 
Treuhandvermögens, 
Gesellschafter 
oder

--- Page 54 ---
54 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer selbst Anleihegläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the custodian 
bank 
and 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon pursuant to 
tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not 
constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect 
of which Additional Amounts would be payable by 
the Issuer. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die 
gegenwärtig in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß 
dem 
zum 
Begebungstag 
geltenden 
Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der Depotbank erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuern oder Abgaben der 
vorstehend beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von 
der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in section 801 
paragraph 1, 
sentence 1 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years 
for the Notes. 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) 
Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and 
is continuing, each Noteholder shall be entitled to 
declare due and payable by submitting a 
Termination Notice pursuant to § 9(2) to the Paying 
Agent its entire claims arising from the Notes and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the 
principal amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment. Each 
of the following is an "Event of Default": 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. Tritt ein Kündigungsgrund ein 
und dauert dieser an, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, seine sämtlichen Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(2) gegenüber der 
Zahlstelle fällig zu stellen und deren unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen. 
Jedes 
der 
folgenden 
Ereignisse 
stellt 
einen 
"Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal, interest or any 
other amounts due under the Notes within 30 
days from the relevant due date; or 
(a) 
die 
Emittentin 
zahlt 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge oder sonstige Beträge nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes and such 
failure, if capable of remedy, continues 
unremedied for more than 60 days after the 
Paying Agent has received a written request 
thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(2) from 
a Noteholder to perform such obligation; or 
(b) 
die Emittentin erfüllt irgendeine andere 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht und die Nichterfüllung dauert - sofern sie 
geheilt werden kann - jeweils länger als 60 
Tage fort, nachdem die Zahlstelle eine 
schriftliche Aufforderung in der in § 9(2) 
vorgesehenen Art und Weise von einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten 
hat, 
die 
Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; oder 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary (other than under the 
Notes) becomes due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as a 
result of an event of default (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any Financial Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (other 
than under the Notes) is not paid within 30 
days from its due date nor within any 
originally applicable or subsequently agreed 
grace period, provided that the aggregate 
(c) 
(i) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird 
infolge eines Kündigungsgrunds (unabhängig 
von der Bezeichnung) vor ihrer festgelegten 
Fälligkeit fällig und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
vorzeitige 
Fälligstellung oder auf andere Weise) oder 
(ii) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder

--- Page 55 ---
55 
amount of Financial Indebtedness falling 
within (i) and (ii) above amounts to be equal 
to, or more than 1 per cent. of the Total Assets 
as of the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
subparagraph (1)(c) shall not apply, where the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary 
contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due; or 
einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird 
weder innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit 
noch innerhalb einer ursprünglich geltenden 
oder nachträglich vereinbarten Nachfrist 
gezahlt, jeweils mit der Maßgabe, dass der 
Gesamtbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
nach (i) und (ii) gleich oder größer als 1 % der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag beträgt. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass dieser 
Absatz (1)(c) keine Anwendung findet, wenn 
die Emittentin oder die jeweilige Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
in 
gutem 
Glauben 
bestreitet, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations or ceases its payments generally; 
or 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen generell ein; oder 
(e) 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary are instituted and 
have not been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
(e) 
gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
wird 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb von 90 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt, oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt die 
Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens oder leitet 
ein solches Verfahren ein; oder 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer in connection with the Notes; or 
(f) 
die Emittentin geht in Liquidation, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft und die andere Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist; oder 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment 
is made in or by the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented 
from observing and performing in full its 
obligations under the Notes and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days; or 
(g) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland werden 
Gesetze, Verordnungen oder behördliche 
Anordnungen erlassen, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin 
daran 
gehindert 
wird, 
ihre 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen in vollem Umfang 
nachzukommen und zu erfüllen und dieser 
Umstand wird nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben; 
oder 
(h) 
cessation of business operations of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Einstellung 
des 
Geschäftsbetriebs 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) 
Termination Notices. Any notice by a Noteholder 
(i) in accordance with § 9(1)(b) or (ii) to terminate 
its Notes in accordance with § 9 (a "Termination 
Notice") shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text form (Textform) to the Fiscal Agent in the 
German or English language delivered together with 
evidence by means of a certificate of the 
 
(2) 
Kündigungserklärungen. Eine Erklärung eines 
Anleihegläubigers (i) gemäß § 9(1)(b) oder (ii) zur 
Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9 
(eine "Kündigungserklärung") hat in der Weise zu 
erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger dem Fiscal 
Agent eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache übermittelt und

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Noteholder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that 
such Noteholder, at the time of such Termination 
Notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
dabei durch eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
(wie in § 16(3) definiert) nachweist, dass er die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Kündigungserklärung hält. 
(3) 
Cure. For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare 
Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate 
if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before 
the right is exercised. 
 
(3) 
Heilung. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass das 
Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 9 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and 
§ 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d)-(h) 
entitling Noteholders to declare their Notes due has 
occurred, become effective only when the Paying 
Agent has received such default notices from the 
Noteholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. 
 
(4) 
Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9(1)(b) und § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und 
§ 9(1)(d)-(h) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Zahlstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen von Anleihegläubigern im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
10 % 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 COVENANTS 
 
§ 10 VERPFLICHTUNGSERKLÄRUNGEN 
(1) 
Limitations 
on 
Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness. The Issuer undertakes that it will not, 
and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date, 
incur 
any 
Financial 
Indebtedness if, immediately after giving effect to 
the incurrence of such additional Financial 
Indebtedness and the application of the net proceeds 
of such incurrence, 
 
(1) 
Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einzugehen 
und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, 
wenn 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher weiterer 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung des 
damit erzielten Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden 
Bedingungen erfüllt wären: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal Financial Indebtedness incurred 
since the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published 
would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of 
(without duplication) (x) Total Assets as of 
the immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published, (y) the 
purchase price of any Real Estate Property 
acquired or contracted for acquisition since 
the immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (z) the 
proceeds of any Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
(a) 
die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) den 
Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 60 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Immobilienvermögen, 
das 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine

--- Page 57 ---
57 
published (but only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate 
Property or to reduce Financial Indebtedness); 
or 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem Erlös aus Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös 
nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) übersteigen; oder 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the Consolidated Secured 
Financial Indebtedness of the Group as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published would exceed 45 per cent. of the 
sum of (without duplication) (x) Total Assets 
as of the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase price of any Real Estate 
Property 
acquired 
or 
contracted 
for 
acquisition since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial Indebtedness incurred since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published (but only to the 
extent such proceeds were not used to acquire 
Real Estate Property or to reduce Financial 
Indebtedness). 
(b) 
die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) den 
Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe zum unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto), 
die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 45 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Immobilienvermögen, 
das 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem Erlös aus Finanzverbindlichkeiten, 
die seit dem unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös 
nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) übersteigen. 
(2) 
Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio. The 
Issuer undertakes that on each Reporting Date the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be at least 1.80 to 
1.00. 
 
(2) 
Einhaltung des Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, dass der Konsolidierte 
Deckungsgrad an jedem Berichtsstichtag mindestens 
1,80 zu 1,00 betragen wird. 
(3) 
Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets. The 
Issuer undertakes that from the Issue Date the sum 
of (i) the Unencumbered Assets as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (ii) the Net Unencumbered 
 
(3) 
Einhaltung des Gesamtbetrags des Unbelasteten 
Vermögens. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, dass ab 
dem Begebungstag die Summe aus (i) dem 
Unbelasteten 
Vermögen 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Assets newly recorded since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published will at no time be less than 125 per cent. 
of the sum of (x) the Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published and 
(y) the 
Net 
Nominal 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published. 
wurde, 
und 
(ii) dem 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, neu erfassten Unbelasteten Nettovermögen 
zu keiner Zeit weniger als 125 % der Summe aus 
(x) den Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (y) dem Nennbetrag der 
Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
eingegangen 
wurden, betragen wird. 
(4) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are outstanding, 
the Issuer shall post on its website, 
 
(4) 
Berichte. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
folgenden Angaben auf ihrer Internetseite: 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of each of the 
Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports containing 
the following information: 
(a) 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
Geschäftsjahres 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
Geschäftsbericht mit den folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU and the management 
report in accordance with section 315 
of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch); 
 
(i) 
einem 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwendbaren 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einen Lagebericht 
nach § 315 HBG; 
(ii) 
in addition to the requirements of IFRS 
and of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch) the management 
report to the consolidated financial 
statements should include information 
on compliance by the Issuer with the 
covenants "Limitations on Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness", 
"Maintenance 
of 
Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio" and "Maintenance of 
Total Unencumbered Assets"; and 
(ii) 
zusätzlich zu den Anforderungen nach 
IFRS und HGB soll der Lagebericht 
zum 
Konzernabschluss 
Angaben 
enthalten über die Einhaltung der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Einhaltung 
des Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads" 
und "Einhaltung des Gesamtbetrags des 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" durch die 
Emittentin; und 
(iii) the audit opinion of the independent 
auditors on the consolidated financial 
statements; 
 
(iii) dem 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers 
zum 
Konzernabschluss; 
(b) 
within 60 days after the end of each of the first 
three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the 
Issuer, unaudited condensed consolidated 
quarterly financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the 
requirements of section 115 of the German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG), which 
will include information on compliance with 
the covenants "Limitations on Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness", "Maintenance of 
Consolidated 
Coverage 
Ratio" 
and 
(b) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem Ende jedes 
der ersten drei Quartale jedes Geschäftsjahres 
der Emittentin einen ungeprüften verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss nach den in der 
EU 
anwendbaren 
IFRS 
und 
den 
Anforderungen 
des 
§ 115 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
(WpHG), 
der 
Angaben 
über 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Einhaltung des 
Konsolidierten 
Deckungsgrads" 
und

--- Page 59 ---
59 
"Maintenance 
of 
Total 
Unencumbered 
Assets". 
"Einhaltung 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" enthält. 
§ 11 SUBSTITUTION, TRANSFER OF DOMICILE 
 
§ 11 ERSETZUNG, SITZVERLEGUNG 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, if no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
from or in connection with these Notes (the 
"Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, wenn kein 
Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, jederzeit ohne 
die Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger ein mit der 
Emittentin Verbundenes Unternehmen an ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally 
effective, assumes all obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
rechtswirksam 
übernimmt; 
(b) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees such obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor under the Notes on terms which ensure 
that each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as favourable 
as that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place (each such 
declaration a "Substitution Guarantee"); 
(b) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich 
die Verpflichtungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung 
stehen 
würde 
(jede 
solche 
Erklärung eine "Ersetzungsgarantie"); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have 
obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and for the issue by the Issuer of 
a Substitution Guarantee, that the Substitute 
Debtor 
has 
obtained 
all 
necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by the Substitute 
Debtor of its obligations under the Notes and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full 
force and effect and that the obligations 
assumed by the Substitute Debtor in respect of 
the Notes and the obligations assumed by the 
Issuer under its Substitution Guarantee are, in 
each case, valid and binding in accordance 
with their respective terms and enforceable by 
each Noteholder; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin 
alle für die Ersetzung und für die Übernahme 
einer Ersetzungsgarantie durch die Emittentin 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen von staatlichen Stellen und 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten 
haben, 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen von 
staatlichen Stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen 
in 
vollem Umfang gültig und wirksam sind und 
zudem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen und die von der 
Emittentin 
aus 
ihrer 
Ersetzungsgarantie 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen 
jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the 
Paying Agent in the currency required and 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
(d) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
für 
die 
Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Beträge in der erforderlichen Währung an die 
Zahlstelle überweisen kann, ohne zum Abzug

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the 
fulfilment of the payment obligations arising 
under the Notes; 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art verpflichtet zu 
sein, die in dem Land erhoben werden, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat oder steuerlich ansässig ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Noteholder in respect 
of such substitution; and 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich 
solcher Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Anleihegläubiger im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent 
appointed for that purpose one Opinion of 
Counsel for each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognised standing to the effect 
that subparagraphs (a) to (e) above have been 
satisfied. 
(f) 
die Emittentin einem zu diesem Zweck 
bestellten Beauftragten ein Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich jeder betroffenen Rechtsordnung 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
hat, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Absätzen (a) bis (e) erfüllt 
wurden. 
For purposes of this § 11, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 11 
bezeichnet 
"Verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz 
(AktG). 
(2) 
Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to 
this § 11 and the date of effectiveness of such 
substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ 14. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin 
gemäß diesem § 11 sowie das Datum, an dem die 
Ersetzung wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu 
geben. 
(3) 
Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the 
substitution any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution, § 9(1)(i) shall be deemed 
to be amended to the effect that it shall be an Event 
of Default if a Substitution Guarantee ceases to be 
valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Mit Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick auf die 
Emittentin gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme 
auf die Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung § 9(1)(i) als in der Form 
geändert, dass als Kündigungsgrund gilt, wenn eine 
Ersetzungsgarantie nicht mehr wirksam oder 
rechtsverbindlich für die Emittentin ist oder nicht 
mehr gegen die Emittentin durchsetzbar ist. 
(4) 
Release 
from 
Obligations. 
Upon 
effective 
substitution of the Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the 
Issuer shall be released from any obligation arising 
from or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(4) 
Schuldbefreiung. Nach wirksamer Ersetzung der 
Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 ist die Emittentin von 
allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(5) 
Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(1) above, the Substitute Debtor 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect 
a further substitution provided that all the provisions 
specified in § 11(1) to § 11(4) above shall apply, 
mutatis 
mutandis, 
and, 
without 
limitation, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be 
 
(5) 
Weitere Ersetzungen. Die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist 
jederzeit nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehendem 
§ 11(1) berechtigt, ohne die Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
eine 
weitere 
Ersetzung 
vorzunehmen, wobei alle Bestimmungen der 
vorstehenden 
§ 11(1) 
bis 
§ 11(4) 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung finden und, ohne hierauf beschränkt zu 
sein, Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die Emittentin, sofern der Zusammenhang dies

--- Page 61 ---
61 
deemed to be or include references to any such 
further Substitute Debtor. 
verlangt, 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
bzw. 
auch 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jede 
weitere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to 
the extent that the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a reference only to 
Vonovia SE, or that the reference shall be to the 
Substitute Debtor and Vonovia SE, in relation to 
Vonovia SE's obligations under the Substitution 
Guarantee at the same time. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen 
Bedingung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Vonovia SE erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und gleichzeitig auch auf die Vonovia SE, im 
Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus der 
Ersetzungsgarantie erfolgen soll. 
(6) 
Transfer of Domicile. A transfer of domicile of the 
Issuer to another country or territory is only 
permissible if the requirements set forth in § 11(1) 
and (2) above are complied with accordingly. 
§ 11(3) second half-sentence of sentence 1 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
(6) 
Sitzverlegung. Eine Verlegung des Sitzes der 
Emittentin in ein anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur 
zulässig, wenn die vorstehend in § 11(1) und (2) 
genannten Anforderungen entsprechend erfüllt sind. 
§ 11(3) zweiter Halbsatz des ersten Satzes findet 
entsprechende Anwendung. 
§ 12 FURTHER 
ISSUES, 
PURCHASES 
AND 
CANCELLATION 
 
§ 12 BEGEBUNG 
WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) 
Further Issues. Subject to § 10, the Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen von 
§ 10 berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des jeweiligen 
Begebungstags, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 13 AMENDMENTS 
OF 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
BY 
RESOLUTIONS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
NOTEHOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 ÄNDERUNGEN 
DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH 
BESCHLÜSSE DER ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Noteholders on amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions or on other matters by 
virtue of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on 
Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG"), as amended from time to time. In 
 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
mit 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
Änderungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder 
sonstige Maßnahmen durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
beschließen. 
Die

--- Page 62 ---
62 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures 
as 
provided 
for 
under 
section 5 
paragraph 3 of the SchVG by resolutions passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Noteholders. 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch 
Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Anleihegläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting rights participating 
in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the voting rights participating in the 
vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen 
des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, 
oder sonstige wesentliche Maßnahmen beschlossen 
werden bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Noteholders can pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Anleihegläubigerversammlung) in accordance with 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. Die Anleihegläubiger können 
Beschlüsse in einer Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und 
§ 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. If resolutions of the Noteholders shall be 
made by means of a meeting the convening notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further details 
relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified to the 
Noteholders together with the convening notice. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in 
the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
 
(4) 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung. Falls Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger 
in 
einer 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gefasst 
werden, 
enthält die Bekanntmachung der Einberufung nähere 
Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Anleihegläubigern mit der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte 
ist 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung 
der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor der Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende der

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. If resolutions of the 
Noteholders shall be made by means of a vote 
without a meeting the request for voting 
(Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will provide for 
further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
the Noteholders together with the request for voting. 
The exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the request for 
voting no later than the third day preceding the 
beginning of the voting period. As part of the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance 
with § 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the day 
the voting period ends. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Falls Beschlüsse 
der Anleihegläubiger im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe nähere Angaben zu 
den 
Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Anleihegläubigern mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung 
der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a 
meeting the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a 
vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to 
the Noteholders' registration. The registration must 
be received at the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day preceding the 
second meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) 
die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann 
- im Fall der Anleihegläubigerversammlung - der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von 
§ 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG und - im Fall der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
- 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die 
Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte 
sind 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der zweiten 
Versammlung zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in 
Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(7) 
Noteholders' representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a holders' representative (the 
"Noteholders' Representative"), the duties and 
responsibilities and the powers of such Noteholders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the Noteholders' Representative and 
a limitation of liability of the Noteholders' 
Representative. Appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Noteholders' Representative is to be 
authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material matters. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläubiger 
können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung 
oder Abberufung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter"), die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf 
den Gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen des 
wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen 
oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen. 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of 
the SchVG. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Bekanntmachungen betreffend 
diesen § 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of the Guarantee. The provisions set 
out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the Substitution Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen der Ersetzungsgarantie. 
§ 14 NOTICES 
 
§ 14 MITTEILUNGEN 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will 
be made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following 
the date of such publication (or, if published more 
than once, on the third day following the date of the 
first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) 
elektronisch zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 14(1) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, findet § 14(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted or listed on 
a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
oder an einer anderen Börse als die Luxemburger 
Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publications. All notices concerning the Notes 
except as stipulated in § 13(6) shall be published 
electronically 
in 
the 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on [stock exchange other than 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen, 
außer nach Maßgabe von § 13(6), sind elektronisch 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
[und, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der [andere Börse als die

--- Page 65 ---
65 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and if the rules 
of such stock exchange so require [in/under/●] 
[newspaper or website]]. Any notice so given will 
be deemed to be validly given on the third calendar 
day following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
Luxemburger Börse] zum Handel zugelassen sind 
und soweit dies die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen, 
[in/unter/●] [Zeitung oder Internetseite]] zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to the Clearing System. The Issuer may, 
in lieu of publication set forth in § 14(1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, provided that the rules of the stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed (if 
applicable) permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the fifth day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 14(1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass 
die 
Regeln 
der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ggf. notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(3) 
Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder to the Issuer shall be made by means of 
a declaration in text form (Textform) to be delivered 
to the Paying Agent. 
 
(3) 
Mitteilungen an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Anleihegläubigers an die Emittentin haben in der 
Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger der 
Zahlstelle eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform 
übermittelt. 
§ 15 DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 15 DEFINITIONEN 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present 
or future obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money (including obligations by reason of any 
guarantee or other liability agreement for such 
obligations of third parties) which is in the form of, 
or represented by, bonds, notes or other securities 
which are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange, over-the-counter-
market or other recognised securities market. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede 
gegenwärtige oder künftige Verbindlichkeit zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), die in Form von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstigen 
Wertpapieren, 
die 
an 
einer 
Börse, 
einem 
außerbörslichen Markt oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, zugelassen 
oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert 
oder dokumentiert ist. 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the 
number set out under the heading "Adjusted EBITDA 
total" in the Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer covering the applicable Relevant Period. 
"Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" bezeichnet 
den unter der Überschrift "Adjusted EBITDA total" 
im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin für den 
jeweiligen Maßgeblichen Zeitraum angegebenen 
Zahlenwert. 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of 
(A) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the aggregate 
amount of Net Cash Interest in the Relevant Period. 
"Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad" bezeichnet das 
Verhältnis 
(A) des 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Konsolidierten 
Bereinigten 
EBITDA 
im 
Maßgeblichen Zeitraum zu (B) dem Gesamtbetrag 
des Zinszahlungssaldos im Maßgeblichen Zeitraum. 
"Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means 
Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer and any of its 
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
"Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
die 
nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften auf konsolidierter Basis.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
"Consolidated Financial Statements" means, with 
respect to any Person, collectively, the consolidated 
financial statements and notes to those financial 
statements, of that Person and its subsidiaries 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
"Konzernabschluss" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Person zusammenfassend den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang für diese Person und 
ihre Tochterunternehmen. 
"Consolidated Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means that portion of the Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is secured by a Lien 
on properties or other assets of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries. 
"Besicherte 
Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet den Teil der 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, 
der mit Sicherungsrechten an Immobilien oder 
sonstigen Vermögenswerten der Emittentin oder 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften besichert ist. 
"Financial 
Indebtedness" 
means 
(without 
duplication) any indebtedness (excluding any 
indebtedness owed to another member of the Group) 
for or in respect of: 
"Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
(unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelberücksichtigung) alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen solche gegenüber 
anderen Mitgliedern der Gruppe) für oder in Bezug 
auf: 
(i) money borrowed; 
 
(i) aufgenommene Gelder; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any 
acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
 
(ii) 
alle 
aus 
Akzepten 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkreditfazilitäten 
oder 
dematerialisierten 
Vergleichbaren 
aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note 
purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers, debentures, loan stock or 
any similar instrument; 
 
(iii) alle 
aus 
Fazilitäten 
für 
die 
Emission 
kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel 
oder 
aus 
der 
Begebung 
von 
Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, Commercial Paper 
oder 
sonstigen 
Schuldtiteln 
oder 
vergleichbaren Instrumenten aufgenommenen 
Beträge; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
 
(iv) 
veräußerte oder diskontierte Forderungen (mit 
Ausnahme von Forderungen, die regresslos 
verkauft werden); 
(v) 
any amount raised under any other transaction 
(including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing, but excluding bank guarantee 
facilities (as amended from time to time) 
made or to be made available by financial 
institutions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary under 
which the Issuer or the respective Subsidiary 
may request the issue of a bank guarantee or 
bank guarantees in favour of a person who 
agrees to purchase a Real Estate Property 
owned by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; 
 
(v) 
die Aufnahme von Beträgen im Rahmen 
anderer 
Transaktionen 
(einschließlich 
Terminverkauf oder -kauf), die wirtschaftlich 
einer 
Kreditaufnahme 
gleichkommen, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-
Fazilitäten (wie jeweils geändert), die der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochtergesellschaft von 
Finanzinstituten gewährt werden oder gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren Rahmen die 
Emittentin 
bzw. 
die 
jeweilige 
Tochtergesellschaft die Ausstellung einer oder 
mehrerer Bankgarantien zugunsten einer 
Person verlangen kann, die sich zum Erwerb 
von Immobilienvermögen von der Emittentin 
oder einer Tochtergesellschaft verpflichtet 
hat; 
(vi) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of 
a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other 
instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(vi) 
einen Aufwendungsersatzanspruch in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Bürgschaft, 
eine 
Freistellungsverpflichtung, eine Garantie, ein 
Standby- oder Dokumentenakkreditiv oder ein

--- Page 67 ---
67 
anderes 
von 
einer 
Bank 
oder 
einem 
Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes Instrument; und 
(vii) the amount of any liability in respect of any 
guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) above. 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
einer 
Garantie, 
Bürgschaft oder Freistellungsverpflichtung in 
Bezug auf Verbindlichkeiten der in den 
vorstehenden Absätzen (i) bis (vi) genannten 
Art. 
"Group" means the Issuer together with its 
Subsidiaries. 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union and as 
published by the International Accounting Standards 
Board, as in effect from time to time. 
"IFRS" bezeichnet die nach der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial Reporting Standards des 
International Accounting Standards Board in jeweils 
geltender Fassung. 
"Incur" means, with respect to any Financial 
Indebtedness or other obligation of any Person, to 
create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become 
liable in respect of such Financial Indebtedness or 
other obligation, and "incurrence" and "incurred" 
have the meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Eingehen" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
Verbindlichkeit einer Person die Begründung, 
Übernahme, die Abgabe einer Garantie oder 
Bürgschaft dafür oder eine anderweitige Übernahme 
der Haftung für diese Finanzverbindlichkeit oder 
sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das "Eingehen" bzw. 
"eingegangen" sind entsprechend auszulegen. 
"Lien" means (without duplication) any lien, 
mortgage, trust deed, deed of trust, deed, pledge, 
security interest, assignment for collateral purposes, 
deposit arrangement, or other security agreement, 
excluding any right of setoff but including, without 
limitation, any conditional sale or other title 
retention agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect as any of the 
foregoing, and any other like agreement granting or 
conveying a security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht), to a Person that is not a member 
of the Group, in each case to secure outstanding 
Financial Indebtedness, but in each case excluding 
"Sicherungsrecht" bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Sicherung-Treuhandverträge 
(trust-deed oder deed of trust), Sicherungs- 
Urkunden 
(deed), 
Pfandrechte, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, Sicherungsübereignungen, 
Hinterlegungsvereinbarungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Sicherungsabreden, 
ausgenommen 
Rechte 
zur 
Aufrechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich bedingte 
Kaufverträge 
oder 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finanzierungsleasingverträge, 
die 
wirtschaftlich 
im 
Wesentlichen 
den 
vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen 
gleichkommen, 
sowie sonstige Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht gewähren oder übertragen, und 
zwar einer Person, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, 
jeweils 
zur 
Besicherung 
ausstehender 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine 
(i) 
any encumbrance registered in department 2 
(Abteilung 2) of a German land register 
(Grundbuch); 
(i) 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen Grundbuchs 
eingetragene Belastungen; 
(ii) 
any Lien arising in connection with a disposal 
of an asset in the ordinary course of business 
including, without limitation, any Lien 
created in assets subject to a sale agreement 
for the purposes of financing the purchase 
price; 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit 
der Veräußerung eines Vermögenswerts im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, 
u. 
a. 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Vermögenswerten, die Gegenstand eines 
Kaufvertrags sind, zur Finanzierung des 
Kaufpreises; 
(iii) any Lien securing Financial Indebtedness 
outstanding on the Issue Date; 
(iii) Sicherungsrechte, die zum Begebungstag 
ausstehende 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
besichern;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(iv) 
any Lien in respect of which an unconditional 
deletion consent (Löschungsbewilligung) has 
been delivered to the relevant member of the 
Group; 
(iv) 
Sicherungsrechte, für die dem maßgeblichen 
Mitglied 
der 
Gruppe 
eine 
unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung übermittelt wurde; 
(v) 
any Lien arising by operation of law (or by 
agreement having the same effect) or in the 
ordinary course of business, provided that any 
Lien arising in the ordinary course of business 
over Real Estate Property shall not be 
excluded; 
(v) 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Gesetzes (oder 
kraft einer Vereinbarung mit derselben 
Wirkung) oder im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, 
wobei 
im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehende 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Immobilienvermögen 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausgeschlossen sind; 
(vi) 
any cash collateral posted in connection with 
cross-currency and interest rate hedging 
transactions; and 
(vi) 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit 
Währungs- und Zinsabsicherungsgeschäften 
gestellt werden; und 
(vii) any Lien on bank accounts under general 
terms and conditions of any provider of such 
bank accounts. 
(vii) Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Bankkonten 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbedingungen des Anbieters der 
Bankkonten. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer whose total assets are at least equal to 5 per 
cent. of the total assets of the Group. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme mindestens 5 % der Bilanzsumme der 
Gruppe ausmacht. 
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest and other 
financing charges accrued to persons who are not 
members of the Group less the amount of any 
interest and other financing charges accrued to be 
received from persons who are not members of the 
Group, in each case, excluding any one-off 
financing charges (including without limitation, any 
one-off fees and/or break costs). 
"Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet alle an Personen, 
die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu zahlenden 
Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzierungskosten abzüglich 
des Betrags aller von Personen, die nicht Mitglied 
der Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden Zinsen und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, 
jeweils 
ausgenommen einmalige Finanzierungskosten (u.a. 
einmalige 
Entgelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
"Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness" means the 
nominal amount of Financial Indebtedness incurred 
minus 
the 
nominal 
amount 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means the nominal amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness incurred minus the nominal amount of 
Secured Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net 
Nominal 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the nominal amount of 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness incurred minus 
the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means, on a 
consolidated basis determined in accordance with 
IFRS, the value of any Real Estate Property of the 
"Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet den 
nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelten Wert 
des 
erworbenen 
Immobilienvermögens 
der

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired plus the value of all other assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired minus the value of such assets which 
(i) have been disposed of or (ii) have become subject 
to a Lien. 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich 
des 
Werts 
aller 
sonstigen 
erworbenen 
Vermögenswerte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts sind, abzüglich des Werts solcher 
Vermögenswerte, die (i) veräußert wurden oder (ii) 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts geworden sind. 
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion from 
legal counsel. The counsel may be an employee of 
or counsel to the Issuer. 
"Rechtsgutachten" bezeichnet ein schriftliches 
Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater 
kann Mitarbeiter oder externer Rechtsberater der 
Emittentin sein. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, 
trust, 
unincorporated 
organisation, 
limited liability company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof) or other 
entity. 
"Person" 
bezeichnet 
natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, 
Personengesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, 
Trusts, 
nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung, staatliche 
Stellen (oder Behörden oder Gebietskörperschaften) 
oder sonstige Rechtsträger. 
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate 
property of such Person and its subsidiaries. 
"Immobilienvermögen" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Immobilienvermögen der betreffenden Person und 
ihrer Tochterunternehmen. 
"Relevant Period" means the respective most recent 
four consecutive quarters ending prior to the 
respective date of determination of the Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio. 
"Maßgeblicher Zeitraum" bezeichnet die letzten 
vier vor dem jeweiligen Tag der Feststellung des 
Konsolidierten 
Deckungsgrads 
endenden 
aufeinanderfolgenden Quartale. 
"Reporting Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 
30 September and 31 December of each year. 
"Berichtsstichtag" ist der 31. März, 30. Juni, 
30. September und 31. Dezember eines jeden Jahres. 
"Secured Financial Indebtedness" means that 
portion of the aggregate principal amount of all 
outstanding Financial Indebtedness of the Group 
that is secured by a Lien on properties or other assets 
of the Group. 
"Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, der mit 
Sicherungsrechten an Immobilien oder sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten der Gruppe besichert ist. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. 
"Securities 
Act" 
bezeichnet 
das 
US-
Wertpapiergesetz von 1933 (U.S. Securities Act of 
1933) in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung. 
"Securitised 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness" 
means any Capital Market Indebtedness incurred in 
respect of or in connection with any securitisation or 
similar financing arrangement relating to assets 
owned by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries and where the 
recourse of the holders of such Capital Market 
Indebtedness against the Issuer is limited solely to 
such assets or any income generated therefrom. 
"Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet jede Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Verbriefung oder 
vergleichbaren Finanzierungsvereinbarung in Bezug 
auf Vermögenswerte der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die Rückgriffsrechte 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit auf die Emittentin 
ausschließlich auf die betreffenden Vermögenswerte 
oder die daraus erzielten Erträge beschränkt ist. 
"Subsidiary" means any Person that must be 
consolidated with the Issuer for the purposes of 
preparing Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Person, die 
bei der Erstellung der Konzernabschlüsse der 
Emittentin mit ihr konsolidiert werden muss. 
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated 
total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, as such 
"Bilanzsumme" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Wert 
der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und

--- Page 70 ---
70 
amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, provided that "Total Assets" shall include 
the proceeds of the Financial Indebtedness or 
Secured Financial Indebtedness to be incurred. 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, der in einer nach IFRS 
erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin 
erscheint oder erscheinen würde, wobei die 
"Bilanzsumme" die Zuflüsse aus den einzugehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
oder 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten einschließt. 
"Unencumbered 
Assets" 
means 
without 
duplication, (i) the value of any Real Estate 
Property, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien, plus 
(ii) the value of all other assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien (where in 
case of (i) and (ii) the value of Real Estate Property, 
on a consolidated basis determined in accordance 
with IFRS, and other assets shall be equal to such 
amounts that appear, or would appear, on a 
consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with IFRS). 
"Unbelastetes 
Vermögen" 
bezeichnet 
ohne 
doppelte Berücksichtigung (i) den nach IFRS auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis 
ermittelten 
Wert 
des 
Immobilienvermögens der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich (ii) des Werts aller 
sonstigen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts sind (wobei im Fall von (i) und (ii) 
der nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelte 
Wert des Immobilienvermögens und der sonstigen 
Vermögenswerte dem Betrag entspricht, der in einer 
nach IFRS erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der 
Emittentin erscheint oder erscheinen würde). 
"Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means that 
portion of the aggregate principal amount of all 
outstanding Financial Indebtedness of the Group 
that is not Secured Financial Indebtedness. 
"Unbesicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller 
ausstehenden Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, 
bei 
dem 
es 
sich 
nicht 
um 
Besicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten handelt. 
§ 16 APPLICABLE 
LAW, 
PLACE 
OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
§ 16 ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany, without giving effect 
to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich nach dem Recht der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, unter Ausschluss des internationalen 
Privatrechts. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings 
under the SchVG, the place of non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
in connection with the Notes shall be Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte 
Verfahren nach dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main 
nicht ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehende Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Anleihegläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem

--- Page 71 ---
71 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need 
for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Noteholder 
may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other 
way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person von 
dem Clearingsystem oder einer Verwahrstelle des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt 
ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem 
der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet der vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere im Land des Verfahrens zulässige 
Weise geltend zu machen. 
§ 17 LANGUAGE 
 
§ 17 SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions shall be in the German language 
with an English language translation the following 
applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language 
with a German language translation the following 
applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen nur in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language 
only the following applies: These Terms and 
Conditions are written in the English language 
only.]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES - OPTION II 
NOTES WITH A FLOATING INTEREST RATE 
Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating 
interest rates 
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit 
variabler Verzinsung 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, 
DENOMINATION, 
FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, 
STÜCKELUNG, 
FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This issue of notes (the 
"Notes") of Vonovia SE (the "Issuer"), is being 
issued in the aggregate principal amount [In case 
the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [Specified Currency] 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in 
denominations of [Specified Currency] [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination") on 
[Issue Date] (the "Issue Date"). 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Vonovia SE (die 
"Emittentin") wird am [Begebungstag] (der 
"Begebungstag") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung 
von 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung") 
begeben. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(2) 
Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note - Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global 
Note") 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for 
Notes 
in 
Specified 
Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" and, together with 
the Temporary Global Note, the "Global 
Notes") without coupons. [In the case of 
Euroclear and CBL and if the Global Note is 
an NGN the following applies: The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the records 
of the ICSD (as defined below).] The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall 
each be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal 
Agent. 
Definitive 
certificates 
representing individual Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und, zusammen mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
"Globalurkunden") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear 
und 
CBL 
und 
wenn 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: 
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen Austausches 
werden in die Register der ICSD (wie 
nachstehend definiert) eingetragen.] Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigten Vertretern 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal 
Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on 
a date (the "Exchange Date") not later than 
180 days after the Issue Date. The Exchange 
Date shall not be earlier than 40 days after the 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Begebungstag 
liegt. Der Austauschtag wird nicht weniger als

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Issue Date. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding 
Notes 
through 
such 
financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or 
after the 40th day after the Issue Date will be 
treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
§ 1(3)(b). Any Notes delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States (as 
defined in § 1[(7)]). 
40 Tage nach dem Begebungstag liegen. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Begebungstag eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) 
auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibungen, die 
im 
Austausch 
für 
die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in 
§ 1[(7)] definiert) geliefert werden. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Each Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System until 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [in case of 
more than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Brussels 
("Euroclear")] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing 
System the following applies: "International 
Central Securities Depositary" or "ICSD" means 
each of CBL and Euroclear (together, the 
"ICSDs")]. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird solange 
von einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet [bei mehr als 
einem Clearingsystem gilt folgendes: jeweils] 
folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
("CBF")] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/ 
NV, 
Brüssel 
("Euroclear")] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Falle von CBL oder 
Euroclear als Clearingsystem, gilt folgendes: 
"International Central Securities Depositary" 
oder "ICSD" bezeichnet jeweils CBL und Euroclear 
(zusammen die "ICSDs")]. 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
Common Safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in classical 
global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine CGN ist gilt folgendes: Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
Classical Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(5) 
Noteholder of Notes. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Anleihegläubiger" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
(6) 
Records of the ICSDs. The principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note or 
the Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
(6) 
Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) 
sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde bzw. die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of an installment or 
interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the 
Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any 
redemption, payment or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global 
Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such 
installment so paid. 
Bei 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
Zahlung 
einer 
Rückzahlungsrate oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten über jede Rückzahlung und 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunden anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Eintragung 
vom Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
Bei 
Austausch 
nur 
eines 
Teils 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs anteilig in die Register der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden.] 
[(7)] United States. For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions "United States" means the United States 
of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
[(7)] Vereinigte 
Staaten. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District 
of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich 
Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands).

--- Page 75 ---
75 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
(1) 
Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless 
such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, unbedingte, nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, so long as 
any Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been 
placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
create or permit to subsist, and to procure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries will create or permit to 
subsist, any form of security interest in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) over its assets to 
secure any Capital Market Indebtedness other than 
Securitised Capital Market Indebtedness or to secure 
any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries in respect of Capital Market 
Indebtedness unless, subject to § 2(3), the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes are secured equally with 
(or, in case such Capital Market Indebtedness is 
subordinated debt, senior in priority to) the Capital 
Market Indebtedness secured by such security 
interest. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung gestellt wurden, keine dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte an ihren Vermögenswerten zur 
Besicherung 
von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
Verbriefter 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten) oder von durch die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften in 
Bezug 
auf 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
übernommenen 
Garantien 
oder 
abgegebenen 
Freistellungserklärungen 
zu 
bestellen 
oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen bzw. sicherzustellen, dass 
keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften dies 
tut, es sei denn, die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 2(3) 
durch 
das 
betreffende 
Sicherungsrecht gleichrangig mit der jeweiligen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (oder, sofern es sich 
dabei um eine nachrangige Verbindlichkeit handelt, 
im Vergleich dazu vorrangig) besichert. 
(3) 
Limitation. The undertakings pursuant to § 2(2) 
shall not apply: 
 
(3) 
Beschränkung. Die Verpflichtungserklärungen nach 
§ 2(2) gelten nicht: 
(a) 
to any security interest which is mandatory 
according to applicable laws or required as 
prerequisite for governmental approvals; or 
(a) 
für Sicherungsrechte, die nach anwendbarem 
Recht zwingend vorgeschrieben sind oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung staatlicher 
Genehmigungen sind; oder 
(b) 
with respect to any security right in rem 
(dingliches Sicherungsrecht) provided by any 
Subsidiary over any of such Subsidiary's 
claims against the Issuer, which claims arise 
as a result of the passing on to the Issuer of the 
proceeds from the issue by such Subsidiary of 
any Capital Market Indebtedness, provided 
that any such security serves solely to secure 
obligations under such Capital Market 
Indebtedness issued by such Subsidiary. 
(b) 
für dingliche Sicherungsrechte, die von einer 
Tochtergesellschaft an Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin bestellt werden, die ihr aufgrund 
der Weiterleitung von erzielten Erlösen der 
Tochtergesellschaft aus der Begebung von 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
erzielten 
Erlösen der Tochtergesellschaft an die 
Emittentin zustehen, vorausgesetzt, diese 
Sicherheiten 
dienen 
ausschließlich 
der 
Besicherung von Verpflichtungen aus den von 
dieser 
Tochtergesellschaft 
begebenen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten. 
(4) 
Provision of Additional Security. Whenever the 
Issuer becomes obligated to secure (or procure that 
a Material Subsidiary secures) the Notes pursuant to 
 
(4) 
Bestellung zusätzlicher Sicherheiten. Entsteht für die 
Emittentin die Verpflichtung zur Besicherung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 2(2) (oder entsteht

--- Page 76 ---
76 
§ 2(2), the Issuer shall be entitled to discharge such 
obligation by providing (or procure that the relevant 
Material Subsidiary provides) a security interest in 
the relevant collateral to a security trustee, such 
security trustee to hold such collateral and the 
security interest that gave rise to the creation of such 
collateral, equally (dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung gleichrangig), for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the holders of the Capital Market 
Indebtedness secured by the security interest that 
gave rise to the creation of such security interest in 
such collateral. 
die Verpflichtung, für deren Besicherung durch eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft Sorge zu tragen), so 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, diese Verpflichtung 
dadurch zu erfüllen, dass ein Sicherungsrecht an dem 
jeweiligen Sicherungsgegenstand zugunsten eines 
Sicherheitentreuhänders 
begründet 
wird 
(bzw. 
dadurch, dass sie die betreffende Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft zur Begründung eines solchen 
Sicherungsrechts veranlassen), und zwar in einer 
Weise, dass der Sicherheitentreuhänder diesen 
Sicherungsgegenstand dinglich oder, falls rechtlich 
nicht 
möglich, 
aufgrund 
schuldrechtlicher 
Vereinbarung 
gleichrangig 
zugunsten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen und 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
derjenigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit hält, die aufgrund einer 
Besicherung 
mit 
einem 
Sicherungsrecht 
zur 
Bestellung 
dieses 
Sicherungsrechts 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Sicherungsgegenstand führte. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
§ 3 
VERZINSUNG 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihre 
Festgelegte Stückelung verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Interest Payment Date" means [in the case of 
Specified Interest Payment Dates the following 
applies: each [Specified Interest Payment Dates]] 
[in the case of Specified Interest Periods, the 
following applies: each date which (except as 
otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) 
falls [number] [weeks] [months] [other specified 
periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date]. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bezeichnet [im Falle von 
festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen, gilt folgendes: 
jeden [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage]] [im Falle von 
festgelegten Zinsperioden gilt folgendes: (soweit 
diese Emissionsbedingungen keine abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils den Tag, der 
[Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume] 
nach 
dem 
vorangehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
oder 
im 
Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
liegt]. 
(2) 
Business Day Convention. If any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: [in the 
case of the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] [in the case 
of the FRN Convention, the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date 
 
(2) 
Geschäftstagekonvention. Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag 
auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag [im Falle der modifizierten 
folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention gilt folgendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] [Im Falle der FRN-
Konvention gilt folgendes: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in

--- Page 77 ---
77 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
[number] [months] [other specified periods] after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] [in 
the case of the Following Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day.] [in the case of 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, the 
following applies: the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen und 
(ii) 
ist 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, der [Zahl] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume] nach dem vorangehenden anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] [im Falle der folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention gilt folgendes: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] [im 
Falle 
der 
vorhergegangener 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention gilt folgendes: auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
(3) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined 
below) will, except as provided below, be the 
Reference Rate (as defined below) [in case of a 
Margin the following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6). 
 
(3) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) ist, sofern 
nachfolgend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der Referenzsatz (wie nachfolgend definiert) [im 
Falle einer Marge gilt folgendes: [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachfolgend definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
"Reference Rate" for each Interest Period will be, 
 
"Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event (as defined in 
§ 3[(10)]) has occurred, 
 
(a) 
entspricht, solange kein Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie in § 3[(10)] definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(i) 
the Original Benchmark Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; or 
 
(i) 
dem Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz an 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag; 
oder 
(ii) 
if the Original Benchmark Rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page as at such time 
on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, but no Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Reference Bank Rate on that 
Interest Determination Date. 
 
(ii) 
falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz zu 
dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, aber 
kein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, 
dem 
Referenzbankensatz 
an 
diesem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 
definition of such term, but no Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the "Reference Rate" 
shall be the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Screen Page on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate was 
displayed; and 
 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht gemäß 
der Definition dieses Begriffs festgestellt 
werden kann, aber kein Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
ist 
der 
"Referenzsatz" 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde; und 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
determined in accordance with § 3[(10)] for 
each Interest Period commencing on or after 
the Effective Date (as defined in § 3[(10)](g)). 
 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, für jede Zinsperiode, die an 
oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in § 3[(10)](g) 
definiert) beginnt, gemäß § 3[(10)] bestimmt. 
[In case of a Margin the following applies: 
"Margin" means [Margin] per cent. per annum.] 
 
[Im Falle einer Marge gilt folgendes: Die "Marge" 
beträgt [Marge] % per annum.] 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means the 
[1 / 3 / 6 /12]-months Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) fixed at, 
and appearing on, the Screen Page as of 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on such day. 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem Tag 
ist die um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) gefixte und 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte [1 / 3 / 6 /12]-
Monats Euro Interbank Offered Rate (ausgedrückt 
als Prozentsatz per annum) an diesem Tag. 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) at which the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) offer to prime 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market and in a 
Representative Amount, assuming an Actual/360 
day count basis, deposits in Euro at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Period 
determined as follows: The Issuer shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of such offered quotations, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
(als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückten) Satz für 
Einlagen in Euro für die betreffende Zinsperiode und 
über einen Repräsentativen Betrag (auf Grundlage 
des Actual/360 Zinstagequotienten), den die 
Referenzbanken 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegenüber führenden Banken im Interbankenmarkt 
der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag quotieren, 
und der wie folgt bestimmt wird: Die Emittentin 
wird 
jede 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ihren Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. 
Falls 
zwei 
oder 
mehr 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist 
der Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Angebotssätze, wobei alle Feststellungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date only 
one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Reference 
Bank Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) at the 
request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, 
selected by the Issuer, at which such banks offer, on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in 
Euro for the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount to leading European banks. 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nur 
eine 
oder 
keine 
der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle die im vorstehenden Absatz 
beschriebenen 
Angebotssätze 
nennt, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
der Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als 
das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, 
die von der Emittentin ausgewählte Großbanken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) der Berechnungsstelle auf Bitte 
der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu 
dem sie an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
Darlehen in Euro für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
und über einen Repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden europäischen Banken anbieten. 
Where: 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes:  
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of Reuters 
or such other information service which is the 
successor to the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, welche die 
Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have 
adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß 
dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen

--- Page 79 ---
79 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in 
Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
7 February 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty of 
2 October 1997, as further amended from time to 
time. 
Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 
1957), geändert durch den Vertrag über die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 
7. Februar 1992) und den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 
2. Oktober 1997, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen von vier von der Emittentin 
ausgewählten großen Banken im Interbankenmarkt 
der Euro-Zone. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, 
der zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt in dem jeweiligen 
Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ 
ist. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 (TARGET) is 
operating. 
 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) betriebsbereit ist. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the second 
TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode.] 
[In the case a short/long [first][last] coupon and 
interpolation is applicable, the following applies: 
 
[Falls ein kurzer oder langer [erster][letzter] 
Kupon sowie Interpolation anwendbar ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
In respect of the [first][last] Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonably manner using the 
straight-line interpolation by reference to two 
reference rates, one of which shall be determined for 
a term for which a reference rate similar to the 
Reference Rate is available and which is next closest 
to but shorter than the applicable Interest Period and 
the other of which shall be determined for a term for 
which a reference rate similar to the Reference Rate 
is available and which is next closest to but longer 
than the applicable Interest Period.] 
 
Für 
die 
[erste][letzte] 
Zinsperiode 
legt 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag in kaufmännisch vernünftiger 
Weise durch lineare Interpolation zwischen zwei 
Referenzsätzen 
fest, 
von 
denen 
der 
eine 
Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, 
für den es einen dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren 
Referenzsatz 
gibt 
und 
der 
der 
Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber 
kürzer als diese ist und der andere Referenzsatz für 
einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen 
dem Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode am 
nächsten kommt, aber länger als diese ist.] 
[(4) In case of a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the following applies: [Minimum] [and] 
[Maximum] Rate of Interest.] 
 
[(4) Im Falle eines Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz 
gilt folgendes: [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
[Im Falle eines Mindestzinssatzes gilt folgendes: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate 
[Im Falle eines Höchstzinssatzes gilt folgendes: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als

--- Page 80 ---
80 
of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or 
as soon as practicable after each date at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) to each Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resulting figure [if the Specified 
Currency is Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 Euro, 
0.005 Euro being rounded upwards.] [if the 
Specified Currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of 
such unit being rounded upwards.] 
 
[(5)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz 
zu 
bestimmen 
ist, 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fälligen Zinsbetrag bezogen 
auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") 
für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf 
jede Festgelegten Stückelung angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag [falls die Festgelegte 
Währung Euro ist einfügen: auf den nächsten 0,01 
Euro auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,005 Euro 
aufgerundet 
werden.] 
[falls 
die 
Festgelegte 
Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: auf die kleinste 
Einheit der Festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten 
aufgerundet werden.] 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the 
Noteholders by notice in accordance with § 14 and, 
if required by the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are from time to time listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, to such stock exchange, 
without undue delay, but in no event later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to any relevant stock exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 14. 
 
[(6)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
relevante Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und den 
Anleihegläubigern durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ 14 und jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im 
Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche 
Anpassung 
wird 
umgehend 
allen 
maßgeblichen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, sowie den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
options, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the 
provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Einschätzungen, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht 
ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
[(8)] Late Payments. If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue 
to accrue on the outstanding amount from (and 
including) the due date until (but excluding) the date 
 
[(8)] Zahlungsverzug. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, 
wird der ausstehende Betrag vom Tag der Fälligkeit

--- Page 81 ---
81 
of actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate 
of interest established by law2. Claims for further 
damages in case of late payment are not excluded. 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich bestimmten 
Verzugszins[2] verzinst. Die Geltendmachung eines 
weitergehenden Schadens ist nicht ausgeschlossen. 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) the 
following applies: the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) gilt folgendes: die tatsächliche Anzahl von 
Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in 
das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) der tatsächlichen Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365). 
[In case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/365 (Fixed) gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case of Actual/360 the following applies: the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Im Falle von Actual/360 gilt folgendes: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Falle von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag 
des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
[Im Falle von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 
360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 
Tagen 
zu 
ermitteln, 
und 
zwar 
ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten 
 
2 
The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, sections 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils veröffentlichen 
Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, 
dass im Falle einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden 
Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall der Monat 
Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat 
zu behandeln ist).] 
[(10)] Benchmark Event. 
[(10)] Benchmark-Ereignis. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference Rate and the 
interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3(3) will be 
determined as follows: 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt für die 
Bestimmung des betreffenden Referenzsatzes und die 
Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 3(3) 
Folgendes: 
(a) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer's view) required following the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, endeavour to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, who will determine 
a New Benchmark Rate (as defined in § 3[(10)](f)), 
the Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3[(10)](f)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with § 3[(10)](d)). 
(a) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin wird sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach Ansicht der Emittentin) 
nach Eintritt des Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem nächsten Zinsfestsetzungstag erforderlich ist, 
einen Unabhängigen Berater zu benennen, der einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3[(10)](f) definiert), 
die Anpassungsspanne (wie in § 3[(10)](f) definiert) 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(gemäß 
§ 3[(10)](d)) festlegt. 
(b) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
(b) 
Ausweichsatz 
(fallback). 
Wenn 
vor 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(i) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent 
Adviser; or 
(i) 
die Emittentin keinen Unabhängigen Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it has 
not determined a New Benchmark Rate in 
accordance with this § 3[(10)], 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] festgelegt hat, 
 
the Reference Rate applicable to the next Interest 
Period shall be the Original Benchmark Rate 
determined 
on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für die nächste 
Zinsperiode dem an dem letzten zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag festgestellten Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
 
If the fallback rate determined in accordance with 
this § 3[(10)](b) is to be applied, § 3[(10)] will be 
operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, if required, 
further subsequent) Interest Period(s). 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3[(10)](b) bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz (fallback) zur Anwendung kommt, 
wird 
§ 3[(10)] 
erneut 
angewendet, 
um 
den 
Referenzsatz für die nächste nachfolgende (und, 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
(c) 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate. If the Independent Adviser 
determines in its reasonable discretion that: 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. Falls der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(i) 
there is a Successor Benchmark Rate, then 
such Successor Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate; or 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz der 
Neue Benchmarksatz; oder 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Benchmark Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz aber 
einen Alternativ-Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser Alternativ-Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz. 
 
In each such case the "Reference Rate" for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all 
 
In jedem dieser Fälle entspricht der "Referenzsatz" 
für die unmittelbar nachfolgende Zinsperiode und

--- Page 83 ---
83 
following Interest Periods will then be (x) the New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden dann dem (x) Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) 
der 
Anpassungsspanne. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread are determined in accordance with this 
§ 3[(10)], and if the Independent Adviser determines 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark Amendments"), then the Independent 
Adviser will determine the Benchmark Amendments 
and the Issuer will give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3[(10)](e). 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. 
Wenn 
ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3[(10)] 
festgelegt werden, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater feststellt, dass Änderungen hinsichtlich 
dieser Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, um die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann 
wird der Unabhängige Berater die Benchmark-
Änderungen feststellen, und die Emittentin wird 
diese durch eine Mitteilung gemäß § 3[(10)](e) 
bekanntmachen. 
 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without 
limitation, the following conditions of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können insbesondere 
folgende Regelungen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
erfassen: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate including the "Screen 
Page" and/or the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Reference Rate, 
including the Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
(i) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder die Methode zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) für den Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des Referenzbankensatzes; und/oder 
(ii) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", 
"Business 
Day 
Convention", 
"Interest 
Period", "Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Payment Date" (including the determination 
whether 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
will 
be 
determined on a forward looking or a 
backward looking basis); and/or 
(ii) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe "Geschäftstag", 
"Geschäftstagekonvention", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder "Zinszahlungstag" (einschließlich 
der Festlegung ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird); 
und/oder 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3[(10)] to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
§ 14, the Noteholders as soon as such notification is 
(in the Issuer's view) required following the 
determination thereof, but in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Effective Date. 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß diesem § 3[(10)] 
dem Fiscal Agent, der Berechnungsstelle, den 
Zahlstellen und gemäß § 14 den Anleihegläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald eine solche Mitteilung 
(nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) 
nach 
deren 
Feststellung erforderlich ist, spätestens jedoch an 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine solche Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any), each as 
specified in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils in 
der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle, 
die Zahlstellen und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Die Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem Stichtag als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die

--- Page 84 ---
84 
and the Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the Effective Date. 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
 
On the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent and to the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorized signatories of 
the Issuer: 
Am Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die Emittentin dem 
Fiscal Agent und der Berechnungsstelle eine durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu übergeben, die 
(i) 
 
(i) 
 
(A) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
(A) 
bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(B) 
specifying 
the 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with the provisions of this 
§ 3[(10)]; 
(B) 
den nach Maßgabe der Bestimmungen 
dieses § 3[(10)] festgestellten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz benennt; 
(C) 
specifying the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each determined 
in accordance with the provisions of 
this § 3[(10)]; and 
(C) 
die entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
und etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
benennt, die jeweils nach Maßgabe der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3[(10)] 
festgestellt wurden; und 
(D) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(D) 
den Stichtag benennt; und 
(ii) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any, are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant New Benchmark 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass die etwaigen Benchmark-
Änderungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes und der entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3[(10)]: 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in § 3[(10)]: 
 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, 
negative or zero, will be expressed in basis points 
and means either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of 
the operation of the formula or methodology for 
calculating the spread, which 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, negativ oder 
gleich Null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (a) die Spanne 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung der Formel 
oder Methode zur Berechnung der Spanne, die 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is 
formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate 
with the Successor Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmarksatzes 
formell im Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes durch 
den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
von 
dem 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; oder 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied to the New 
Benchmark Rate in the international debt 
capital markets to produce an industry-
accepted replacement benchmark rate for the 
Original Benchmark Rate, provided that all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(2) 
(sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um 
einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz 
für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden; oder

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion determines that no such spread is 
customarily 
applied) 
is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Benchmark 
Rate, where the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
(3) 
(sofern 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass keine solche 
Spanne üblicherweise angewendet wird) als 
industrieweit Standard für Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die sich auf den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, wenn der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt worden ist, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means 
an 
alternative benchmark or screen rate which is 
customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purpose of determining 
floating rates of interest in the Specified Currency, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable discretion. 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen vorgenommen 
werden. 
 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given 
to it in § 3[(10)](d). 
 
"Benchmark Änderungen" hat die Bedeutung wie 
in § 3[(10)](d) festgelegt. 
 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
Ein "Benchmark Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
(1) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by or on behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator stating that said administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, unless, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is a successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(1) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen der für den Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde vorgenommen wird, aus der 
hervorgeht, dass dieser Administrator die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
eingestellt 
hat 
oder 
einstellen wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by or on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Benchmark 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, unless, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there 
is a successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen durch 
oder im Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, die besagt, dass der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat oder 
einstellen wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
oder 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the 
Original Benchmark Rate administrator is 
made that, in its view, the Original 
Benchmark Rate is no longer representative, 
or will no longer be representative, of the 
underlying market it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate such a situation is taken 
or expected to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator; or 
(3) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht wird, wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht mehr 
repräsentativ für den zugrunde liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein 
wird, und keine von der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes geforderten Maßnahmen zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situation ergriffen 
worden sind oder zu erwarten sind; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under 
any law or regulation applicable to any Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or 
any other party to use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(4) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes aus irgendeinem Grund 
nach einem Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, die 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin oder jeden 
Dritten 
anwendbar 
sind, 
rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(5) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently 
no longer published without a previous 
official announcement by the competent 
authority or the administrator; or 
(5) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ohne 
vorherige offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den Administrator 
dauerhaft nicht mehr veröffentlicht wird; oder 
(6) 
material change is made to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology. 
(6) 
eine wesentliche Änderung der Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
formell 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wurde. 
 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3[(10)]. 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den jeweils 
gemäß diesem § 3[(10)] bestimmten Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of 
the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate: 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
die Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung in der die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht 
des Administrators der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss 
gefördert durch, geführt oder mitgeführt von 
oder gebildet von (a) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt wird, (b) einer 
Zentralbank oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht des Administrators der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem

--- Page 87 ---
87 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon. 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer. 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein von der 
Emittentin ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut 
mit internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
(g) 
The effective date for the application of the New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3[(10)] (the "Effective Date") will be the 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after the 
earliest of the following dates: 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, der Anpassungsspanne und der 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß diesem 
§ 3[(10)] 
(der 
"Stichtag") 
ist 
der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den frühesten der 
folgenden Tage fällt oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clauses (1), (2) or (3) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of 
cessation of publication of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or of the discontinuation of 
the Original Benchmark Rate, as the case may 
be; or 
(i) 
den Tag, an dem die Veröffentlichung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
wird bzw. an dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz eingestellt wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze 
(1), (2) oder (3) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clauses (5) or (6) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date of the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event; or 
(ii) 
den Tag des Eintritts des Benchmark-
Ereignisses, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (5) oder (6) der 
Definition des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(iii) if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a 
result of clause (4) of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date from which the 
prohibition applies. 
(iii) den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf, wenn das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
des Absatzes (4) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New 
Benchmark Rate, § 3[(10)] shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the replacement of such New 
Benchmark Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case 
may be. In this case, any reference in this § 3[(10)] 
to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the New Benchmark 
Rate that last applied. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser § 3[(10)] 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen neuen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. In 
diesem Fall gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3[(10)] 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten Neuen Benchmarksatz. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of Notes shall be 
made, in accordance with § 4(2), to the Paying 
Agent for forwarding to the Clearing System or to 
its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(1) 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des § 4(2) an die Zahlstelle zur 
Weiterleitung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, in 
accordance with § 4(2), to the Clearing System or to 
its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
des § 4(2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified Currency. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher 
oder 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften werden auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällige Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
geleistet. 
(3) 
Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount 
in respect of any Note is not a Business Day then the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
 
(4) 
Geschäftstag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, so hat der 
Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Geschäftstag am jeweiligen Ort und ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System as well as 
(ii) all relevant parts of the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) are operational to 
effect payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearingsystem sowie (ii) 
alle maßgeblichen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit sind, 
um Zahlungen vorzunehmen.] 
[In the case the Specified Currency is not Euro the 
following applies: a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets in [relevant financial 
center(s)] and (ii) the Clearing System are generally 
open for business and settle payments.] 
 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
und (ii) das Clearingsystem für Geschäfte geöffnet 
sind bzw. Zahlungen abwickeln.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the principal amount per Note, [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event, the following applies: the 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount, ] Additional 
Amounts and any other premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung, [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: den Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag, ] Zusätzliche Beträge und alle 
Aufschläge 
oder 
sonstigen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder im Zusammenhang 
damit 
gegebenenfalls 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gegebenenfalls gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge ein.  
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
beim 
Amtsgericht

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Noteholders within twelve months after the 
Maturity Date, even though such Noteholders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to 
the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Noteholders against the Issuer shall cease. 
Frankfurt am Main Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Anleihegläubigern nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn 
die Anleihegläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, 
erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) 
Payments Subject to Applicable Law. Payments will 
be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
§ 7 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 7) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
 
(7) 
Zahlungen 
vorbehaltlich 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Regelungen. 
Alle 
Zahlungen 
erfolgen 
unter 
Vorbehalt (i), unbeschadet der Regelungen in § 7, 
sämtlichen 
steuerrechtlichen 
Regelungen 
oder 
anderen Gesetzen und Regelungen, die solche 
Zahlungen betreffen, und (ii) einer Einbehaltung 
oder eines Abzugs gemäß Abschnitt 1471(b) des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") 
oder anderer Regelungen gemäß den Abschnitten 
1471 bis 1474 des Codes sowie sämtlichen darunter 
erlassenen Vorschriften, förmlichen Interpretationen 
und 
(unbeschadet 
der 
Regelungen 
in 
§ 7) 
Umsetzungsakten, die auf zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarungen beruhen. 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
(1) 
Redemption 
at 
Maturity. 
Unless 
previously 
redeemed in whole or in part, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on or around [insert Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity Date"). 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor 
bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag an dem 
Zinszahlungstag, 
der 
auf 
oder 
um 
den 
[Endfälligkeitstag einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") 
fällt, zurückgezahlt.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(2) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in 
respect of the Issuer affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change 
in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change becomes effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be avoided 
by the use of measures available to the Issuer, which 
are, in the judgement of the Issuer, in each case 
taking into account the interests of Noteholders, 
reasonable, the Notes may be redeemed, in whole 
but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, on the next 
Interest Payment Date upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 14 to the Noteholders, at the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, 
nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist 
von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
durch Erklärung gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und 
gemäß § 14 gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen vorzeitig 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze und 
Vorschriften der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion 
im Hinblick auf die Emittentin, die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher 
Art betreffen, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
offiziellen 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
am oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen, die nach Auffassung der Emittentin 
zumutbar sind (wobei jeweils die Interessen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
berücksichtigen 
sind) 
vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice 
is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
(i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 14. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constituting the basis 
for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 14 zu erfolgen. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, welche die 
das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
(a) 
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, 
each Noteholder shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase 
of) in whole or in part his Notes at the principal 
amount per Note together with accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the Put Date (the "Put 
 
(a) 
Tritt nach dem Begebungstag ein Kontrollwechsel 
ein, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, aber 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
die 
vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung oder, nach 
Wahl der Emittentin, den vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Ankauf (oder die Veranlassung eines 
Ankaufs) 
seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Option"). Such Put Option shall operate as set out 
below under § 5(3) (b)-(c). 
Nennbetrag je Schuldverschreibung zuzüglich bis 
zum 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener aber noch nicht 
gezahlter 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses Rückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie nachstehend 
unter § 5(3) (b)-(c) beschrieben auszuüben. 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved by 
the board of executive directors or supervisory board 
of the Issuer) that: 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" gilt jedes Mal in einem der 
folgenden Fälle als eingetreten (unabhängig davon, 
ob der Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin 
zugestimmt hat), wenn: 
(i) 
in the event of a public tender offer for shares 
of the Issuer a situation arises in which 
 
(i) 
im Fall eines öffentlichen Übernahmeangebots 
für Aktien der Emittentin die Situation eintritt, 
dass 
(A) 
shares already directly or indirectly 
under the control of the bidder and/or 
Persons acting in concert with the 
bidder and shares which have already 
been tendered in the tender offer, carry 
in aggregate more than 50 per cent. of 
the voting rights in the Issuer; and 
 
(A) 
Aktien, die sich bereits unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar unter der Kontrolle des Bieters 
und/oder 
gemeinsam 
mit 
ihm 
handelnder Personen befinden, und 
bereits 
im 
Rahmen 
des 
Übernahmeangebots 
eingereichte 
Aktien insgesamt mehr als 50 % der 
Stimmrechte der Emittentin auf sich 
vereinen; und 
(B)  the offer is or has become unconditional 
(other than for conditions relating to 
regulatory, in particular merger control, 
approvals and other conditions the 
satisfaction of which may remain 
pending following the end of the 
acceptance 
period 
pursuant 
to 
section 16(1) of the German Takeover 
Act 
(Gesetz 
zur 
Regelung 
von 
öffentlichen Angeboten zum Erwerb 
von 
Wertpapieren 
und 
von 
Unternehmensübernahmen - WpÜG)); 
or 
 
(B)  das Angebot nicht oder nicht mehr von 
Bedingungen 
abhängig 
ist 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Bedingungen 
hinsichtlich 
aufsichtsrechtlicher, 
insbesondere 
fusionskontrollrechtlicher, 
Genehmigungen 
und 
anderer 
Bedingungen, deren Erfüllung nach 
Ende der Annahmefrist gemäß § 16 
Abs. 1 des Gesetzes zur Regelung von 
öffentlichen Angeboten zum Erwerb 
von 
Wertpapieren 
und 
von 
Unternehmensübernahmen 
(WpÜG) 
noch offen bleiben kann); oder 
(ii)  any Person and/or Persons acting in concert 
otherwise acquires Control; or 
 
(ii) 
eine Person bzw. gemeinsam handelnde 
Personen 
erwerben 
in 
sonstiger 
Weise 
Kontrolle; oder 
(iii) the Issuer sells or otherwise transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to any Person 
(except for any Controlled Subsidiary). 
 
(iii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
gesamtes 
oder 
im 
Wesentlichen ihr gesamtes Vermögen an eine 
Person 
(die 
keine 
Abhängige 
Tochtergesellschaft ist) verkauft oder in 
sonstiger Weise überträgt. 
"Control" means any direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial ownership or any legal or beneficial 
entitlement (as defined in section 34 of the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - 
WpHG)) of, in the aggregate, more than 50 per cent. 
of the voting shares of the Issuer. 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das unmittelbare oder 
mittelbare rechtliche oder wirtschaftliche Eigentum 
oder 
eine 
rechtliche 
oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Berechtigung 
(im 
Sinne 
von 
§ 34 
des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes (WpHG)) an insgesamt 
mehr als 50 % der stimmberechtigten Aktien der 
Emittentin.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
"Controlled 
Subsidiary" 
means 
any 
entity 
controlled (abhängiges Unternehmen) by the Issuer 
within the meaning of section 17 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
"Abhängige Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet ein 
von der Emittentin im Sinne von § 17 des 
Aktiengesetzes (AktG) abhängiges Unternehmen. 
(b) 
If a Change of Control occurs, then the Issuer shall, 
without undue delay, after the Issuer becoming 
aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control 
(a "Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 specifying the nature of the 
Change of Control and the procedure for exercising 
the Put Option contained in this § 5(3) (including the 
information on the Clearing System account of the 
Paying Agent for purposes of subparagraph (c)(ii) of 
this § 5(3)). 
 
(b) 
Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin 
dies unverzüglich, nachdem die Emittentin davon 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 14 
mit 
(eine 
"Anleihegläubigerwahl- 
Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung") und gibt dabei 
die Art des Kontrollwechsels und das in diesem 
§ 5(3) vorgesehene Verfahren zur Ausübung des 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit 
Angaben zum Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle 
für die Zwecke von Teilziffer (c)(ii) dieses § 5(3)). 
(c) 
To exercise the Put Option, the Noteholder must 
deliver on any Business Day within 30 days after a 
Put Event Notice has been published (the "Put 
Period") (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office 
a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the 
then current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent 
(a "Put Notice") and (ii) the aggregate Specified 
Denomination of Notes for which the Noteholder 
wishes to exercise its Put Option either by 
transferring such Notes to the Clearing System 
account of the Paying Agent or by withdrawal of 
such Notes from such Noteholder's account in 
accordance with the procedures of the Clearing 
System. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Note(s) on the date (the "Put Date") seven days after 
the expiration of the Put Period unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in 
respect of any Note so delivered will be made in 
accordance with the customary procedures through 
the Clearing System. A Put Notice, once given, shall 
be irrevocable. 
 
(c) 
Zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Anleihegläubiger 
an einem Geschäftstag innerhalb von 30 Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Anleihegläubiger-
Rückzahlungsereignis-Mitteilung bekannt gegeben 
wurde (der "Ausübungszeitraum"), (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei dem Fiscal 
Agent erhältlichen maßgeblichen Form einreichen 
(die 
"Ausübungserklärung") 
und 
(ii) Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Höhe 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
einreichen, für die der Anleihegläubiger sein 
Anleihegläubiger-Rückzahlungswahlrecht ausüben 
möchte, und zwar entweder durch Übertragung 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
das 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Zahlstelle oder durch 
Ausbuchung dieser Schuldverschreibungen aus dem 
Wertpapierdepot des Anleihegläubigers gemäß den 
Verfahren des Clearingsystems. Die Emittentin wird 
die betreffende(n) Schuldverschreibung(en) sieben 
Tage nach Ablauf des Ausübungszeitraums (der 
"Rückzahlungstag") zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer 
Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit sie 
nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet wurde(n). Die Zahlung in Bezug auf 
solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das 
Clearingsystem. 
Eine 
einmal 
abgegebene 
Ausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption in 
case of minimal outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes, the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle einer Vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, 
gilt folgendes: 
(4) 
Early Redemption in case of minimal outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes. If 80 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
 
(4) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung bei geringem ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach diesem § 5 von der

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to the provisions 
of this § 5, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or 
more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders given 
in accordance with § 14, redeem at any time, at its 
option, the remaining Notes as a whole at the 
principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of such redemption on the next 
Interest Payment Date.] 
Emittentin oder einer direkten oder indirekten 
Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft wurden, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach vorheriger Bekanntmachung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 14 mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen nach ihrer 
Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen am nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
transaction related event, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses zum Ereignis 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, gilt folgendes: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a transaction related event. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei Eintritt eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving a Transaction 
Trigger Notice in accordance with the 
requirements set out below and in accordance 
with paragraph (b), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with effect on 
the Trigger Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance with 
sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem each Note 
to be redeemed at the Transaction Trigger 
Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date on the Trigger Call 
Redemption Date.  
 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt oder teilweise) 
durch eine Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend aufgeführten Bedingungen und gemäß 
Absatz (b) mit Wirkung zu dem Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu 
kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht 
gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, 
jede zurückzuzahlende Schuldverschreibung an dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag zum Transaktions-
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
"Transaction" means [insert description of 
envisaged transaction for which the Notes are 
intended to be issued for refinancing 
purposes].  
 
 
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten Transaktion für deren Finanzierung die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
 
"Transaction Notice Period" means the 
period from [insert issue date] to [insert end 
of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum ab dem [Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice 
to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
paragraph (b) and § 14 within the Transaction 
Notice Period that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to its completion or that the 
Transaction will not be settled for any reason 
whatsoever or that the Issuer has publicly 
stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction. The Transaction Trigger Notice 
shall also specify the Trigger Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß Absatz (b) und § 14 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss beendet wurde oder dass die 
Transaktion 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
durchgeführt wird oder dass die Emittentin öffentlich 
erklärt hat, dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion 
zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
hat 
ferner 
den 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag zu bezeichnen. 
 
At any time the Issuer may waive its right to 
call the Notes for redemption following the 
occurrence of one of the events detailed above, 
by giving notice in accordance with § 14. 
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur vorzeitigen 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 verzichten.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" per 
Note means [●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination.  
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" bezeichnet 
pro Schuldverschreibung [●] % pro Festgelegte 
Stückelung. 
 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" means the 
next Interest Payment Date specified in the 
Transaction Trigger Notice which shall be not 
less than 30 days after the date of the 
Transaction Trigger Notice.  
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet den 
in der Transaktions-Mitteilung festgelegten nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Transaktions-Mitteilung liegen darf. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to paragraph (a) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 14 which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify: 
 
(b) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
die 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
gemäß Absatz (a) durch Veröffentlichung einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 14 zu erklären. Die Kündigung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat folgende Angaben zu enthalten: 
(i) 
the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii)  whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob die Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und 
im letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(iii) the Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
 
(iii) den Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des betreffenden 
Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear either as a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.]] 
 
[Fall die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von 
Clearstream Luxemburg und Euroclear nach deren 
Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
wiedergegeben.]] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL 
AGENT, 
ZAHLSTELLE 
UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal 
Agent, the initial Paying Agent and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices 
shall be: 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Der 
anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
"Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent": 
 
"Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
"Calculation Agent": 
 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Federal Republic of Germany] [name and 
specified office] 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [Name und 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
The Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to change their 
specified offices to some other office in the same 
country. 
Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch 
eine andere Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu 
ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The 
Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent, a 
Paying Agent and a Calculation Agent]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or other change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 14. 
 
(2) 
Änderung oder Beendigung der Bestellung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung des Fiscal Agent oder einer Zahlstelle 
oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen Fiscal Agent, eine 
Zahlstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. 
Eine Änderung, Beendigung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 14 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and any other paying 
agent appointed pursuant to subsection (2) act solely 
as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for any Noteholder. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, 
die Zahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und jede andere 
nach Absatz (2) bestellte Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen 
und den Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent may engage the advice or services of any 
lawyers or other experts whose advice or services it 
deems necessary and may rely upon any advice so 
obtained. Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the Paying 
Agent nor the Calculation Agent will incur any 
liability as against the Issuer or the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not taken, or suffered 
to be taken, or not taken, in accordance with such 
advice in good faith. 
 
 
Der 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle können den Rat eines oder 
mehrerer 
Rechtsanwälte 
oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Der Fiscal Agent, die 
Zahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle übernehmen keine 
Haftung gegenüber der Emittentin bzw. den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben im Einklang mit 
einer solchen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder 
geduldet wurden. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
§ 7 
BESTEUERUNG 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied at source by way 
of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised, 
engaged in business, resident for tax purposes or 
generally subject to tax on a net income basis or 
through or from which payment on the Notes is 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher 
Art gezahlt, die von oder im Namen eines Landes, in 
dem die Emittentin gegründet wurde, geschäftstätig, 
steuerlich ansässig oder grundsätzlich mit ihren 
Nettoeinkünften steuerpflichtig ist oder über das 
oder 
aus 
dem 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die

--- Page 96 ---
96 
made or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (each, a 
"Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction"), unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding with respect to amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts 
shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties 
which: 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet werden, oder einer 
steuererhebungsberechtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder Steuerbehörde dieses Landes (jeweils eine 
"Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion") im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts an der Quelle auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein 
Einbehalt in Bezug auf zu zahlenden Beträge auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, 
so wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Anleihegläubigern erhalten worden 
wären; eine Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern oder Abgaben: 
(a) 
are payable by any Person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it, or 
(a) 
die 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers handelnden Person zu 
entrichten sind oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten 
sind 
als 
dadurch, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin von den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt, oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the Noteholder 
having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction and not merely by reason of the 
fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, 
derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, or 
(b) 
die aufgrund einer bestehenden oder früheren 
persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung 
des Anleihegläubigers zur Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion zu zahlen sind, und nicht 
allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der 
Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, 
oder 
(c) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or 
(ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Federal Republic of Germany or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, 
or 
complying 
with, 
or 
introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
(c) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen 
oder (ii) zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen oder 
Vereinbarungen über deren Besteuerung, an 
denen die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die der 
Umsetzung dieser Richtlinie, Verordnung 
oder 
dieses 
Abkommens 
oder 
dieser 
Vereinbarung dient, diesen entspricht oder zur 
Anpassung an diese eingeführt wurde, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind, oder 
(d) 
would not have been imposed or withheld but 
for the failure of the Noteholder or beneficial 
owner of Notes (including, for these purposes, 
any financial institution through which the 
(d) 
die nicht erhoben oder einbehalten worden 
wären, wenn es der Anleihegläubiger oder der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (für die vorliegenden

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Noteholder or beneficial owner holds the 
Notes or through which payment on the Notes 
is made), following a written request by or on 
behalf of the Issuer addressed to the 
Noteholder or beneficial owner (and made at 
a time that would enable the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner acting reasonably to comply 
with that request, and in all events, at least 30 
days before any withholding or deduction 
would be required), to comply with any 
certification, identification, information or 
other reporting requirement whether required 
by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative 
practice of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, 
that is a precondition to exemption from, or 
reduction in the rate of deduction or 
withholding of, taxes imposed by the Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
(including, 
without 
limitation, a certification that the Noteholder 
or beneficial owner is not resident in the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), but in each 
case, only to the extent the Noteholder or 
beneficial owner is legally entitled to provide 
such 
certification, 
information 
or 
documentation, or 
Zwecke einschließlich Finanzinstitute, über 
die der Anleihegläubiger oder wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer die Schuldverschreibungen hält 
oder 
über 
die 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen) 
nicht 
unterlassen 
hätte, 
nach 
einer 
an 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
gerichteten 
schriftlichen 
Aufforderung der Emittentin oder in deren 
Namen (die so rechtzeitig erfolgt, dass der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
dieser 
Aufforderung 
mit 
zumutbaren 
Anstrengungen 
nachkommen 
kann, in jedem Fall aber mindestens 30 Tage, 
bevor ein Einbehalt oder Abzug erforderlich 
wäre), 
einer 
aufgrund 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Abkommen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis in einer Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
vorgeschrieben 
Bescheinigungs-, 
Identifizierungs-, 
Informations-, oder sonstigen Nachweispflicht 
nachzukommen, die Voraussetzung für eine 
Befreiung 
von 
in 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion erhobenen Steuern oder 
eine Reduzierung der Höhe des Abzugs oder 
Einbehalts solcher Steuern ist (u. a. eine 
Bescheinigung, dass der Anleihegläubiger 
bzw. der wirtschaftliche Eigentümer nicht in 
der Maßgeblichen Steuerjurisdiktion ansässig 
ist), 
jedoch 
jeweils 
nur, 
soweit 
der 
Anleihegläubiger bzw. der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer rechtlich berechtigt ist, die 
Bescheinigung, 
Information 
oder 
Dokumentation vorzulegen, oder 
(e) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 14, whichever occurs later, 
or 
(e) 
die wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit 
der betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 14 
wirksam wird, oder 
(f) 
any combinations of items (a)-(e), 
(f) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(e). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Noteholder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required by the laws 
of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in 
the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or 
settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of 
such partnership or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to such Additional Amounts 
had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Noteholder of the Note. 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Anleihegläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer der Zahlung 
erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Maßgeblichen 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
eine 
solche 
Zahlung 
für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder eines 
Gesellschafters 
der 
Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Erhalt 
von 
Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines 
Treuhandvermögens, 
Gesellschafter 
oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer selbst Anleihegläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the custodian 
bank 
and 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon pursuant to 
tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not 
constitute a tax or duty as described above in respect 
of which Additional Amounts would be payable by 
the Issuer. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die 
gegenwärtig in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß 
dem 
zum 
Begebungstag 
geltenden 
Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der Depotbank erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer und der darauf anfallende 
Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuern oder Abgaben der 
vorstehend beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von 
der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
The presentation period provided in section 801 
paragraph 1, 
sentence 1 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to ten years 
for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen 
auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
(1) 
Events of default. If an Event of Default occurs and 
is continuing, each Noteholder shall be entitled to 
declare due and payable by submitting a 
Termination Notice pursuant to § 9(2) to the Paying 
Agent its entire claims arising from the Notes and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at the 
principal amount together with accrued interest (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date of repayment. Each 
of the following is an "Event of Default": 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. Tritt ein Kündigungsgrund ein 
und dauert dieser an, so ist jeder Anleihegläubiger 
berechtigt, seine sämtlichen Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(2) gegenüber der 
Zahlstelle fällig zu stellen und deren unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag, zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Tage 
der 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen. 
Jedes 
der 
folgenden 
Ereignisse 
stellt 
einen 
"Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal, interest or any 
other amounts due under the Notes within 30 
days from the relevant due date; or 
(a) 
die 
Emittentin 
zahlt 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällige Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge oder sonstige Beträge nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
obligation arising from the Notes and such 
failure, if capable of remedy, continues 
unremedied for more than 60 days after the 
Paying Agent has received a written request 
thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(2) from 
a Noteholder to perform such obligation; or 
(b) 
die Emittentin erfüllt irgendeine andere 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht und die Nichterfüllung dauert - sofern sie 
geheilt werden kann - jeweils länger als 60 
Tage fort, nachdem die Zahlstelle eine 
schriftliche Aufforderung in der in § 9(2) 
vorgesehenen Art und Weise von einem 
Anleihegläubiger 
erhalten 
hat, 
die 
Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; oder 
(c) 
(i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary (other than under the 
Notes) becomes due and payable prior to its 
specified maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as a 
result of an event of default (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any Financial Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (other 
(c) 
(i) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird 
infolge eines Kündigungsgrunds (unabhängig 
von der Bezeichnung) vor ihrer festgelegten 
Fälligkeit fällig und zahlbar (sei es durch 
Kündigung, 
automatische 
vorzeitige

--- Page 99 ---
99 
than under the Notes) is not paid within 30 
days from its due date nor within any 
originally applicable or subsequently agreed 
grace period, provided that the aggregate 
amount of Financial Indebtedness falling 
within (i) and (ii) above amounts to be equal 
to, or more than 1 per cent. of the Total Assets 
as of the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
subparagraph (1)(c) shall not apply, where the 
Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary 
contests in good faith that such payment 
obligation exists or is due; or 
Fälligstellung oder auf andere Weise) oder 
(ii) eine 
(nicht 
im 
Rahmen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Finanzverbindlichkeit der Emittentin oder 
einer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird 
weder innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit 
noch innerhalb einer ursprünglich geltenden 
oder nachträglich vereinbarten Nachfrist 
gezahlt, jeweils mit der Maßgabe, dass der 
Gesamtbetrag der Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
nach (i) und (ii) gleich oder größer als 1 % der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag beträgt. 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass dieser 
Absatz (1)(c) keine Anwendung findet, wenn 
die Emittentin oder die jeweilige Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
in 
gutem 
Glauben 
bestreitet, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations or ceases its payments generally; 
or 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen generell ein; oder 
(e) 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary are instituted and 
have not been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
applies for or institutes such proceedings; or 
(e) 
gegen die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
wird 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren eingeleitet und nicht 
innerhalb von 90 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt, oder die Emittentin oder eine 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft beantragt die 
Eröffnung eines solchen Verfahrens oder leitet 
ein solches Verfahren ein; oder 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this is 
done in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations of 
the Issuer in connection with the Notes; or 
(f) 
die Emittentin geht in Liquidation, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft und die andere Gesellschaft 
übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist; oder 
(g) 
any governmental order, decree or enactment 
is made in or by the Federal Republic of 
Germany whereby the Issuer is prevented 
from observing and performing in full its 
obligations under the Notes and this situation 
is not cured within 90 days; or 
(g) 
in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland werden 
Gesetze, Verordnungen oder behördliche 
Anordnungen erlassen, aufgrund derer die 
Emittentin 
daran 
gehindert 
wird, 
ihre 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen in vollem Umfang 
nachzukommen und zu erfüllen und dieser 
Umstand wird nicht binnen 90 Tagen behoben; 
oder 
(h) 
cessation of business operations of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Einstellung 
des 
Geschäftsbetriebs 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) 
Termination Notices. Any notice by a Noteholder 
(i) in accordance with § 9(1)(b) or (ii) to terminate 
its Notes in accordance with § 9 (a "Termination 
 
(2) 
Kündigungserklärungen. Eine Erklärung eines 
Anleihegläubigers (i) gemäß § 9(1)(b) oder (ii) zur 
Kündigung seiner Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 9

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Notice") shall be made by means of a declaration in 
text form (Textform) to the Fiscal Agent in the 
German or English language delivered together with 
evidence by means of a certificate of the 
Noteholder's Custodian (as defined in § 16(3)) that 
such Noteholder, at the time of such Termination 
Notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
(eine "Kündigungserklärung") hat in der Weise zu 
erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger dem Fiscal 
Agent eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache übermittelt und 
dabei durch eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
(wie in § 16(3) definiert) nachweist, dass er die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Kündigungserklärung hält. 
(3) 
Cure. For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare 
Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate 
if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before 
the right is exercised. 
 
(3) 
Heilung. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass das 
Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 9 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. 
(4) 
Quorum. In the events specified in § 9(1)(b) and 
§ 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in § 9(1)(a) and § 9(1)(d)-(h) 
entitling Noteholders to declare their Notes due has 
occurred, become effective only when the Paying 
Agent has received such default notices from the 
Noteholders representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. 
 
(4) 
Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9(1)(b) und § 9(1)(c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9(1)(a) und 
§ 9(1)(d)-(h) 
bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Zahlstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen von Anleihegläubigern im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
10 % 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 COVENANTS 
 
§ 10 VERPFLICHTUNGSERKLÄRUNGEN 
(1) 
Limitations 
on 
Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness. The Issuer undertakes that it will not, 
and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date, 
incur 
any Financial 
Indebtedness if, immediately after giving effect to 
the incurrence of such additional Financial 
Indebtedness and the application of the net proceeds 
of such incurrence, 
 
(1) 
Beschränkungen 
für 
das 
Eingehen 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
keine 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
einzugehen 
und 
sicherzustellen, dass ihre Tochtergesellschaften nach 
dem Begebungstag keine Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
eingehen, 
wenn 
jeweils 
unmittelbar 
nach 
Wirksamwerden des Eingehens solcher weiterer 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten und der Verwendung des 
damit erzielten Nettoerlöses eine der folgenden 
Bedingungen erfüllt wären: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal Financial Indebtedness incurred 
since the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published 
would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of 
(without duplication) (x) Total Assets as of 
the immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published, (y) the 
purchase price of any Real Estate Property 
acquired or contracted for acquisition since 
the immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (z) the 
(a) 
die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) den 
Konsolidierten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 60 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Immobilienvermögen, 
das 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen

--- Page 101 ---
101 
proceeds of any Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published (but only to the extent such 
proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate 
Property or to reduce Financial Indebtedness); 
or 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem Erlös aus Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös 
nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) übersteigen; oder 
(b) 
the sum of (i) the Consolidated Secured 
Financial Indebtedness of the Group as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published and (ii) the Net 
Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness 
incurred since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published would exceed 45 per cent. of the 
sum of (without duplication) (x) Total Assets 
as of the immediately preceding Reporting 
Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published, 
(y) the purchase price of any Real Estate 
Property 
acquired 
or 
contracted 
for 
acquisition since the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published and (z) the proceeds of any 
Financial Indebtedness incurred since the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for 
which Consolidated Financial Statements of 
the Issuer have been published (but only to the 
extent such proceeds were not used to acquire 
Real Estate Property or to reduce Financial 
Indebtedness). 
 
(b) 
die 
Summe 
aus 
(i) den 
Besicherten 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der 
Gruppe zum unmittelbar vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (ii) dem Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto), 
die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag 
eingegangen 
wurden, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, würde einen Betrag in 
Höhe von 45 % der Summe (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) aus (x) der 
Bilanzsumme 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, (y) dem Kaufpreis für 
Immobilienvermögen, 
das 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, 
zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, erworben wurde oder für 
dessen Erwerb seit diesem Zeitpunkt eine 
Verpflichtung 
eingegangen 
wurde, 
und 
(z) dem Erlös aus Finanzverbindlichkeiten, die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag eingegangen wurden, zu dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde (jedoch nur soweit dieser 
Erlös 
nicht 
zum 
Erwerb 
von 
Immobilienvermögen oder zur Verringerung 
von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
verwendet 
wurde) übersteigen. 
(2) 
Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio. The 
Issuer undertakes that on each Reporting Date the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be at least 1.80 to 
1.00. 
 
(2) 
Einhaltung des Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads. Die 
Emittentin verpflichtet sich, dass der Konsolidierte 
Deckungsgrad an jedem Berichtsstichtag mindestens 
1,80 zu 1,00 betragen wird. 
(3) 
Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets. The 
Issuer undertakes that from the Issue Date the sum 
 
(3) 
Einhaltung des Gesamtbetrags des Unbelasteten 
Vermögens. Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, dass ab

--- Page 102 ---
102 
of (i) the Unencumbered Assets as of the 
immediately preceding Reporting Date for which 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
have been published and (ii) the Net Unencumbered 
Assets newly recorded since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published will at no time be less than 125 per cent. 
of the sum of (x) the Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness as of the immediately preceding 
Reporting Date for which Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer have been published and 
(y) the 
Net 
Nominal 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness incurred since the immediately 
preceding Reporting Date for which Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer have been 
published. 
dem Begebungstag die Summe aus (i) dem 
Unbelasteten 
Vermögen 
zum 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
und 
(ii) dem 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein 
Konzernabschluss der Emittentin veröffentlicht 
wurde, neu erfassten Unbelasteten Nettovermögen 
zu keiner Zeit weniger als 125 % der Summe aus 
(x) den Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten zum 
unmittelbar vorangegangenen Berichtsstichtag, zu 
dem 
ein 
Konzernabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht wurde, und (y) dem Nennbetrag der 
Unbesicherten Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto), die 
seit 
dem 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangenen 
Berichtsstichtag, zu dem ein Konzernabschluss der 
Emittentin 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
eingegangen 
wurden, betragen wird. 
(4) 
Reports. For so long as any Notes are outstanding, 
the Issuer shall post on its website, 
 
(4) 
Berichte. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, 
veröffentlicht 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
folgenden Angaben auf ihrer Internetseite: 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of each of the 
Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports containing 
the following information: 
(a) 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem Ende des 
Geschäftsjahres 
der 
Emittentin 
einen 
Geschäftsbericht mit den folgenden Angaben: 
(i) 
audited 
consolidated 
financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU and the management 
report in accordance with section 315 
of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch); 
(i) 
einem 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
nach den in der EU anwendbaren 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) und einen Lagebericht 
nach § 315 HBG; 
(ii) 
in addition to the requirements of IFRS 
and of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch) the management 
report to the consolidated financial 
statements should include information 
on compliance by the Issuer with the 
covenants "Limitations on Incurrence 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness", 
"Maintenance 
of 
Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio" and "Maintenance of 
Total Unencumbered Assets"; and 
(ii) 
zusätzlich zu den Anforderungen nach 
IFRS und HGB soll der Lagebericht 
zum 
Konzernabschluss 
Angaben 
enthalten über die Einhaltung der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Einhaltung 
des Konsolidierten Deckungsgrads" 
und "Einhaltung des Gesamtbetrags des 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" durch die 
Emittentin; und 
(iii) the audit opinion of the independent 
auditors on the consolidated financial 
statements; 
(iii) dem 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers 
zum 
Konzernabschluss; 
(b) 
within 60 days after the end of each of the first 
three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the 
Issuer, unaudited condensed consolidated 
quarterly financial statements in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the 
requirements of section 115 of the German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG), which 
will include information on compliance with 
(b) 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach dem Ende jedes 
der ersten drei Quartale jedes Geschäftsjahres 
der Emittentin einen ungeprüften verkürzten 
Konzern-Zwischenabschluss nach den in der 
EU 
anwendbaren 
IFRS 
und 
den 
Anforderungen 
des 
§ 115 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
(WpHG), 
der 
Angaben 
über 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Verpflichtungserklärungen 
zu

--- Page 103 ---
103 
the covenants "Limitations on Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness", "Maintenance of 
Consolidated 
Coverage 
Ratio" 
and 
"Maintenance 
of 
Total 
Unencumbered 
Assets". 
"Beschränkungen für das Eingehen von 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten", "Einhaltung des 
Konsolidierten 
Deckungsgrads" 
und 
"Einhaltung 
des 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Unbelasteten Vermögens" enthält. 
§ 11 SUBSTITUTION, TRANSFER OF DOMICILE 
 
§ 11 ERSETZUNG, SITZVERLEGUNG 
(1) 
Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, if no payment of principal of or 
interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any Affiliate of the Issuer as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
from or in connection with these Notes (the 
"Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, wenn kein 
Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, jederzeit ohne 
die Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger ein mit der 
Emittentin Verbundenes Unternehmen an ihrer 
Stelle 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
(die 
"Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, 
dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor, in a manner legally 
effective, assumes all obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes; 
(a) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
rechtswirksam 
übernimmt; 
(b) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees such obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor under the Notes on terms which ensure 
that each Noteholder will be put in an 
economic position that is at least as favourable 
as that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place (each such 
declaration a "Substitution Guarantee"); 
(b) 
die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich 
die Verpflichtungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen garantiert, die sicherstellen, dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er ohne die 
Ersetzung 
stehen 
würde 
(jede 
solche 
Erklärung eine "Ersetzungsgarantie"); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have 
obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and for the issue by the Issuer of 
a Substitution Guarantee, that the Substitute 
Debtor 
has 
obtained 
all 
necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by the Substitute 
Debtor of its obligations under the Notes and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full 
force and effect and that the obligations 
assumed by the Substitute Debtor in respect of 
the Notes and the obligations assumed by the 
Issuer under its Substitution Guarantee are, in 
each case, valid and binding in accordance 
with their respective terms and enforceable by 
each Noteholder; 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die Emittentin 
alle für die Ersetzung und für die Übernahme 
einer Ersetzungsgarantie durch die Emittentin 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen von staatlichen Stellen und 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten 
haben, 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen und Zustimmungen von 
staatlichen Stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Zustimmungen 
in 
vollem Umfang gültig und wirksam sind und 
zudem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen und die von der 
Emittentin 
aus 
ihrer 
Ersetzungsgarantie 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen 
jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
the Substitute Debtor can transfer to the 
Paying Agent in the currency required and 
(d) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
für 
die 
Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus

--- Page 104 ---
104 
without being obligated to deduct or withhold 
any taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
levied by the country in which the Substitute 
Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the 
fulfilment of the payment obligations arising 
under the Notes; 
den Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Beträge in der erforderlichen Währung an die 
Zahlstelle überweisen kann, ohne zum Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art verpflichtet zu 
sein, die in dem Land erhoben werden, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat oder steuerlich ansässig ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge imposed on such Noteholder in respect 
of such substitution; and 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich 
solcher Steuern, Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem 
Anleihegläubiger im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(f) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to an agent 
appointed for that purpose one Opinion of 
Counsel for each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognised standing to the effect 
that subparagraphs (a) to (e) above have been 
satisfied. 
(f) 
die Emittentin einem zu diesem Zweck 
bestellten Beauftragten ein Rechtsgutachten 
bezüglich jeder betroffenen Rechtsordnung 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
hat, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Absätzen (a) bis (e) erfüllt 
wurden. 
For purposes of this § 11, "Affiliate" shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 11 
bezeichnet 
"Verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz 
(AktG). 
(2) 
Notice. Any substitution of the Issuer pursuant to 
this § 11 and the date of effectiveness of such 
substitution shall be published in accordance with 
§ 14. 
 
(2) 
Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung der Emittentin 
gemäß diesem § 11 sowie das Datum, an dem die 
Ersetzung wirksam wird, ist gemäß § 14 bekannt zu 
geben. 
(3) 
Change of References. Upon effectiveness of the 
substitution any reference in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be 
deemed to refer to the Substitute Debtor and any 
reference to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to 
refer to the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction with 
respect to the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution, § 9(1)(i) shall be deemed 
to be amended to the effect that it shall be an Event 
of Default if a Substitution Guarantee ceases to be 
valid or binding on or enforceable against the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Mit Wirksamwerden 
der Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem 
Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf die 
Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick auf die 
Emittentin gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als Bezugnahme 
auf die Maßgebliche Steuerjurisdiktion im Hinblick 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung § 9(1)(i) als in der Form 
geändert, dass als Kündigungsgrund gilt, wenn eine 
Ersetzungsgarantie nicht mehr wirksam oder 
rechtsverbindlich für die Emittentin ist oder nicht 
mehr gegen die Emittentin durchsetzbar ist. 
(4) 
Release 
from 
Obligations. 
Upon 
effective 
substitution of the Issuer as set forth in this § 11, the 
Issuer shall be released from any obligation arising 
from or in connection with the Notes. 
 
(4) 
Schuldbefreiung. Nach wirksamer Ersetzung der 
Emittentin gemäß diesem § 11 ist die Emittentin von 
allen Verpflichtungen aus oder im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(5) 
Further Substitution. At any time after a substitution 
pursuant to § 11(1) above, the Substitute Debtor 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, effect 
a further substitution provided that all the provisions 
specified in § 11(1) to § 11(4) above shall apply, 
mutatis 
mutandis, 
and, 
without 
limitation, 
 
(5) 
Weitere Ersetzungen. Die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist 
jederzeit nach einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehendem 
§ 11(1) berechtigt, ohne die Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger 
eine 
weitere 
Ersetzung 
vorzunehmen, wobei alle Bestimmungen der 
vorstehenden 
§ 11(1) 
bis 
§ 11(4) 
sinngemäß

--- Page 105 ---
105 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be 
deemed to be or include references to any such 
further Substitute Debtor. 
Anwendung finden und, ohne hierauf beschränkt zu 
sein, Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die Emittentin, sofern der Zusammenhang dies 
verlangt, 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
bzw. 
auch 
als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jede 
weitere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin gelten.  
For the avoidance of doubt this shall apply only to 
the extent that the meaning and purpose of the 
relevant condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a reference only to 
Vonovia SE, or that the reference shall be to the 
Substitute Debtor and Vonovia SE, in relation to 
Vonovia SE's obligations under the Substitution 
Guarantee at the same time. 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur gilt, soweit 
sich nicht aus Sinn und Zweck der jeweiligen 
Bedingung ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Vonovia SE erfolgen soll, oder 
dass die Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und gleichzeitig auch auf die Vonovia SE, im 
Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus der 
Ersetzungsgarantie erfolgen soll. 
(6) 
Transfer of Domicile. A transfer of domicile of the 
Issuer to another country or territory is only 
permissible if the requirements set forth in § 11(1) 
and (2) above are complied with accordingly. 
§ 11(3) second half-sentence of sentence 1 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
(6) 
Sitzverlegung. Eine Verlegung des Sitzes der 
Emittentin in ein anderes Land oder Gebiet ist nur 
zulässig, wenn die vorstehend in § 11(1) und (2) 
genannten Anforderungen entsprechend erfüllt sind. 
§ 11(3) zweiter Halbsatz des ersten Satzes findet 
entsprechende Anwendung. 
§ 12 FURTHER 
ISSUES, 
PURCHASES 
AND 
CANCELLATION 
 
§ 12 BEGEBUNG 
WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
(1) 
Further Issues. Subject to § 10, the Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the Notes. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen von 
§ 10 berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Anleihegläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des jeweiligen 
Begebungstags, des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(2) 
Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
§ 13 AMENDMENTS 
OF 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
BY 
RESOLUTIONS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
NOTEHOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 ÄNDERUNGEN 
DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH 
BESCHLÜSSE DER ANLEIHEGLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer 
may agree with the Noteholders on amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions or on other matters by 
virtue of a majority resolution of the Noteholders 
pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the German Act on 
Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG"), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures 
as 
provided 
for 
under 
section 5 
paragraph 3 of the SchVG by resolutions passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Noteholders as 
stated under § 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Noteholders. 
 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
mit 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
Änderungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder 
sonstige Maßnahmen durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
beschließen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Abs. 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch 
Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für 
alle Anleihegläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum requirements 
are being met, the Noteholders may pass resolutions 
by simple majority of the voting rights participating 
in the vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in particular 
in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the voting rights participating in the 
vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes 
und 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den Fällen 
des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, geändert wird, 
oder sonstige wesentliche Maßnahmen beschlossen 
werden bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. The Noteholders can pass 
resolutions 
in 
a 
meeting 
(Anleihegläubigerversammlung) in accordance with 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. Die Anleihegläubiger können 
Beschlüsse in einer Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und 
§ 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. If resolutions of the Noteholders shall be 
made by means of a meeting the convening notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further details 
relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well as the 
proposed resolutions shall be notified to the 
Noteholders together with the convening notice. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Noteholders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated in 
the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
 
(4) 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung. Falls Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger 
in 
einer 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
gefasst 
werden, 
enthält die Bekanntmachung der Einberufung nähere 
Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Anleihegläubigern mit der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte 
ist 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung

--- Page 107 ---
107 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor der Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. If resolutions of the 
Noteholders shall be made by means of a vote 
without a meeting the request for voting 
(Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will provide for 
further details relating to the resolutions and the 
voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote as 
well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to 
the Noteholders together with the request for voting. 
The exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' registration. The registration must be 
received at the address stated in the request for 
voting no later than the third day preceding the 
beginning of the voting period. As part of the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a 
special confirmation of the Custodian in accordance 
with § 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the day 
the voting period ends. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Falls Beschlüsse 
der Anleihegläubiger im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, enthält die 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe nähere Angaben zu 
den 
Beschlüssen 
und 
zu 
den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Anleihegläubigern mit der Aufforderung zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen Anmeldung 
der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am 
dritten Tag vor Beginn des Abstimmungszeitraums 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme 
an der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no quorum 
exists for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a 
meeting the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a 
vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the second 
meeting and exercise of voting rights is subject to 
the Noteholders' registration. The registration must 
be received at the address stated in the convening 
notice no later than the third day preceding the 
second meeting. As part of the registration, 
Noteholders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
 
(6) 
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung gemäß § 13(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) 
die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann 
- im Fall der Anleihegläubigerversammlung - der 
Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von 
§ 15 Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG und - im Fall der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
- 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die 
Teilnahme an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte 
sind 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der zweiten 
Versammlung zugehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen

--- Page 108 ---
108 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 16(3)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in 
Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § 16(3)(i)(a) und (b) und durch 
Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus 
dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung 
der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(7) 
Noteholders' representative. The Noteholders may 
by majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a holders' representative (the 
"Noteholders' Representative"), the duties and 
responsibilities and the powers of such Noteholders' 
Representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the Noteholders' Representative and 
a limitation of liability of the Noteholders' 
Representative. Appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Noteholders' Representative is to be 
authorised to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material matters. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Anleihegläubiger 
können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss die Bestellung 
oder Abberufung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter"), die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die 
Übertragung von Rechten der Anleihegläubiger auf 
den Gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der 
Haftung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn er ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen des 
wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen 
oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen. 
(8) 
Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of 
the SchVG. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. Bekanntmachungen betreffend 
diesen § 13 erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendments of the Guarantee. The provisions set 
out above applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to the Substitution Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
gelten 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Bestimmungen der Ersetzungsgarantie. 
§ 14 NOTICES 
 
§ 14 MITTEILUNGEN 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will 
be made by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following 
the date of such publication (or, if published more 
than once, on the third day following the date of the 
first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) 
elektronisch zu veröffentlichen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 14(1) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, findet § 14(1) Anwendung. Soweit die 
Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) 
durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem

--- Page 109 ---
109 
deemed to have been given on the fifth day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted or listed on 
a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
oder an einer anderen Börse als die Luxemburger 
Börse notiert werden, gilt folgendes: 
(1) 
Publications. All notices concerning the Notes 
except as stipulated in § 13(6) shall be published 
electronically 
in 
the 
Federal 
Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) [and so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on [stock exchange other than 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and if the rules 
of such stock exchange so require [in/under/●] 
[newspaper or website]]. Any notice so given will 
be deemed to be validly given on the third calendar 
day following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third calendar day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen, 
außer nach Maßgabe von § 13(6), sind elektronisch 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
[und, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der [andere Börse als die 
Luxemburger Börse] zum Handel zugelassen sind 
und soweit dies die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen, 
[in/unter/●] [Zeitung oder Internetseite]] zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Kalendertag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehrfacher 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Kalendertag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) 
als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to the Clearing System. The Issuer may, 
in lieu of publication set forth in § 14(1) above, 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders, provided that the rules of the stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed (if 
applicable) permit such form of notice. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the fifth day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 14(1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass 
die 
Regeln 
der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ggf. notiert sind, diese Form 
der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(3) 
Notification to the Issuer. Notices to be given by any 
Noteholder to the Issuer shall be made by means of 
a declaration in text form (Textform) to be delivered 
to the Paying Agent. 
 
(3) 
Mitteilungen an die Emittentin. Mitteilungen eines 
Anleihegläubigers an die Emittentin haben in der 
Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Anleihegläubiger der 
Zahlstelle eine entsprechende Erklärung in Textform 
übermittelt. 
§ 15 DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 15 DEFINITIONEN 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present 
or future obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money (including obligations by reason of any 
guarantee or other liability agreement for such 
obligations of third parties) which is in the form of, 
or represented by, bonds, notes or other securities 
which are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in or 
traded on a stock exchange, over-the-counter-
market or other recognised securities market. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede 
gegenwärtige oder künftige Verbindlichkeit zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge 
(einschließlich Verbindlichkeiten aus Garantien oder 
sonstigen 
Haftungsvereinbarungen 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten Dritter), die in Form von 
Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstigen 
Wertpapieren, 
die 
an 
einer 
Börse, 
einem 
außerbörslichen Markt oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert, zugelassen 
oder gehandelt werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert 
oder dokumentiert ist. 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the 
number set out under the heading "Adjusted 
EBITDA total" in the Consolidated Financial 
"Konsolidiertes Bereinigtes EBITDA" bezeichnet 
den unter der Überschrift "Adjusted EBITDA total" 
im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin für den

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Statements of the Issuer covering the applicable 
Relevant Period. 
jeweiligen Maßgeblichen Zeitraum angegebenen 
Zahlenwert. 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of 
(A) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the aggregate 
amount of Net Cash Interest in the Relevant Period. 
"Konsolidierter Deckungsgrad" bezeichnet das 
Verhältnis 
(A) des 
Gesamtbetrags 
des 
Konsolidierten 
Bereinigten 
EBITDA 
im 
Maßgeblichen Zeitraum zu (B) dem Gesamtbetrag 
des Zinszahlungssaldos im Maßgeblichen Zeitraum. 
"Consolidated Financial Indebtedness" means 
Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer and any of its 
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
"Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
die 
nach 
IFRS 
ermittelten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften auf konsolidierter Basis. 
"Consolidated Financial Statements" means, with 
respect to any Person, collectively, the consolidated 
financial statements and notes to those financial 
statements, of that Person and its subsidiaries 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
"Konzernabschluss" bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Person zusammenfassend den nach IFRS erstellten 
Konzernabschluss mit Anhang für diese Person und 
ihre Tochterunternehmen. 
"Consolidated Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means that portion of the Consolidated Financial 
Indebtedness of the Group that is secured by a Lien 
on properties or other assets of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries. 
"Besicherte 
Konsolidierte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet den Teil der 
Konsolidierten Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, 
der mit Sicherungsrechten an Immobilien oder 
sonstigen Vermögenswerten der Emittentin oder 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften besichert ist. 
"Financial 
Indebtedness" 
means 
(without 
duplication) any indebtedness (excluding any 
indebtedness owed to another member of the Group) 
for or in respect of: 
"Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
(unter 
Ausschluss einer Doppelberücksichtigung) alle 
Verbindlichkeiten (ausgenommen solche gegenüber 
anderen Mitgliedern der Gruppe) für oder in Bezug 
auf: 
(i) 
money borrowed; 
(i) 
aufgenommene Gelder; 
(ii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any 
acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(ii) 
alle 
aus 
Akzepten 
im 
Rahmen 
von 
Akzeptkreditfazilitäten 
oder 
dematerialisierten 
Vergleichbaren 
aufgenommenen Beträge; 
(iii) any amount raised pursuant to any note 
purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
commercial papers, debentures, loan stock or 
any similar instrument; 
(iii) alle 
aus 
Fazilitäten 
für 
die 
Emission 
kurzfristiger 
Schuldtitel 
oder 
aus 
der 
Begebung 
von 
Anleihen, 
Schuldverschreibungen, Commercial Paper 
oder 
sonstigen 
Schuldtiteln 
oder 
vergleichbaren Instrumenten aufgenommenen 
Beträge; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any 
receivables to the extend they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(iv) 
veräußerte oder diskontierte Forderungen (mit 
Ausnahme von Forderungen, die regresslos 
verkauft werden); 
(v) 
any amount raised under any other transaction 
(including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing, but excluding bank guarantee 
facilities (as amended from time to time) 
made or to be made available by financial 
institutions to the Issuer or a Subsidiary under 
which the Issuer or the respective Subsidiary 
may request the issue of a bank guarantee or 
bank guarantees in favour of a person who 
(v) 
die Aufnahme von Beträgen im Rahmen 
anderer 
Transaktionen 
(einschließlich 
Terminverkauf oder -kauf), die wirtschaftlich 
einer 
Kreditaufnahme 
gleichkommen, 
ausgenommen 
jedoch 
Bankgarantie-
Fazilitäten (wie jeweils geändert), die der 
Emittentin oder einer Tochtergesellschaft von 
Finanzinstituten gewährt werden oder gewährt 
werden sollen und in deren Rahmen die 
Emittentin 
bzw. 
die 
jeweilige

--- Page 111 ---
111 
agrees to purchase a Real Estate Property 
owned by the Issuer or a Subsidiary; 
Tochtergesellschaft die Ausstellung einer oder 
mehrerer Bankgarantien zugunsten einer 
Person verlangen kann, die sich zum Erwerb 
von Immobilienvermögen von der Emittentin 
oder einer Tochtergesellschaft verpflichtet hat; 
(vi) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect 
of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other 
instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(vi) 
einen Aufwendungsersatzanspruch in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Bürgschaft, 
eine 
Freistellungsverpflichtung, eine Garantie, ein 
Standby- oder Dokumentenakkreditiv oder ein 
anderes 
von 
einer 
Bank 
oder 
einem 
Finanzinstitut ausgestelltes Instrument; und 
(vii) the amount of any liability in respect of any 
guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vi) above. 
(vii) Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
einer 
Garantie, 
Bürgschaft oder Freistellungsverpflichtung in 
Bezug auf Verbindlichkeiten der in den 
vorstehenden Absätzen (i) bis (vi) genannten 
Art. 
"Group" means the Issuer together with its 
Subsidiaries. 
"Gruppe" bezeichnet die Emittentin und ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union and as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Accounting 
Standards Board, as in effect from time to time. 
"IFRS" bezeichnet die nach der EU anwendbaren 
International Financial Reporting Standards des 
International Accounting Standards Board in jeweils 
geltender Fassung. 
"Incur" means, with respect to any Financial 
Indebtedness or other obligation of any Person, to 
create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become 
liable in respect of such Financial Indebtedness or 
other obligation, and "incurrence" and "incurred" 
have the meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
"Eingehen" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
eine 
Finanzverbindlichkeit 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
Verbindlichkeit einer Person die Begründung, 
Übernahme, die Abgabe einer Garantie oder 
Bürgschaft dafür oder eine anderweitige Übernahme 
der Haftung für diese Finanzverbindlichkeit oder 
sonstige Verbindlichkeit; das "Eingehen" bzw. 
"eingegangen" sind entsprechend auszulegen. 
"Lien" means (without duplication) any lien, 
mortgage, trust deed, deed of trust, deed, pledge, 
security interest, assignment for collateral purposes, 
deposit arrangement, or other security agreement, 
excluding any right of setoff but including, without 
limitation, any conditional sale or other title 
retention agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect as any of the 
foregoing, and any other like agreement granting or 
conveying a security interest in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht), to a Person that is not a member 
of the Group, in each case to secure outstanding 
Financial Indebtedness, but in each case excluding 
"Sicherungsrecht" bezeichnet (unter Ausschluss 
einer Doppelberücksichtigung) Sicherungsrechte, 
Grundpfandrechte, 
Sicherung-Treuhandverträge 
(trust-deed oder deed of trust), Sicherungs- 
Urkunden 
(deed), 
Pfandrechte, 
Verpfändungsvereinbarungen, 
Sicherungsabtretungen, Sicherungsübereignungen, 
Hinterlegungsvereinbarungen 
oder 
sonstige 
Sicherungsabreden, 
ausgenommen 
Rechte 
zur 
Aufrechnung, jedoch u. a. einschließlich bedingte 
Kaufverträge 
oder 
Vereinbarungen 
mit 
Eigentumsvorbehalt, Finanzierungsleasingverträge, 
die 
wirtschaftlich 
im 
Wesentlichen 
den 
vorgenannten 
Vereinbarungen 
gleichkommen, 
sowie sonstige Vereinbarungen, die ein dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht gewähren oder übertragen, und 
zwar einer Person, die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe ist, 
jeweils 
zur 
Besicherung 
ausstehender 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten, jedoch keine 
(i) 
any encumbrance registered in department 2 
(Abteilung 2) of a German land register 
(Grundbuch); 
(i) 
in Abteilung 2 eines deutschen Grundbuchs 
eingetragene Belastungen;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(ii) 
any Lien arising in connection with a disposal 
of an asset in the ordinary course of business 
including, without limitation, any Lien 
created in assets subject to a sale agreement 
for the purposes of financing the purchase 
price; 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, die im Zusammenhang mit 
der Veräußerung eines Vermögenswerts im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, 
u. 
a. 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Vermögenswerten, die Gegenstand eines 
Kaufvertrags sind, zur Finanzierung des 
Kaufpreises; 
(iii) any Lien securing Financial Indebtedness 
outstanding on the Issue Date; 
(iii) Sicherungsrechte, die zum Begebungstag 
ausstehende 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
besichern; 
(iv) 
any Lien in respect of which an unconditional 
deletion consent (Löschungsbewilligung) has 
been delivered to the relevant member of the 
Group; 
(iv) 
Sicherungsrechte, für die dem maßgeblichen 
Mitglied 
der 
Gruppe 
eine 
unbedingte 
Löschungsbewilligung übermittelt wurde; 
(v) 
any Lien arising by operation of law (or by 
agreement having the same effect) or in the 
ordinary course of business, provided that any 
Lien arising in the ordinary course of business 
over Real Estate Property shall not be 
excluded; 
(v) 
Sicherungsrechte, die kraft Gesetzes (oder 
kraft einer Vereinbarung mit derselben 
Wirkung) oder im Rahmen der gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehen, 
wobei 
im 
Rahmen der gewöhnlichen Geschäftstätigkeit 
entstehende 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Immobilienvermögen 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausgeschlossen sind; 
(vi) 
any cash collateral posted in connection with 
cross-currency and interest rate hedging 
transactions; and 
(vi) 
Barsicherheiten, die im Zusammenhang mit 
Währungs- und Zinsabsicherungsgeschäften 
gestellt werden; und 
(vii) any Lien on bank accounts under general 
terms and conditions of any provider of such 
bank accounts. 
(vii) Sicherungsrechte 
an 
Bankkonten 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsbedingungen des Anbieters der 
Bankkonten. 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer whose total assets are at least equal to 5 per 
cent. of the total assets of the Group. 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Emittentin, 
deren 
Bilanzsumme mindestens 5 % der Bilanzsumme der 
Gruppe ausmacht. 
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest and other 
financing charges accrued to persons who are not 
members of the Group less the amount of any 
interest and other financing charges accrued to be 
received from persons who are not members of the 
Group, in each case, excluding any one-off 
financing charges (including without limitation, any 
one-off fees and/or break costs). 
"Zinszahlungssaldo" bezeichnet alle an Personen, 
die nicht Mitglied der Gruppe sind, zu zahlenden 
Zinsen und sonstigen Finanzierungskosten abzüglich 
des Betrags aller von Personen, die nicht Mitglied 
der Gruppe sind, zu erhaltenden Zinsen und 
sonstigen 
Finanzierungskosten, 
jeweils 
ausgenommen einmalige Finanzierungskosten (u.a. 
einmalige 
Entgelte 
und/oder 
Vorfälligkeitsentschädigungen). 
"Net Nominal Financial Indebtedness" means the 
nominal amount of Financial Indebtedness incurred 
minus 
the 
nominal 
amount 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
(netto)" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Nominal Secured Financial Indebtedness" 
means the nominal amount of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness incurred minus the nominal amount of 
Secured Financial Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags

--- Page 113 ---
113 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net 
Nominal 
Unsecured 
Financial 
Indebtedness" means the nominal amount of 
Unsecured Financial Indebtedness incurred minus 
the nominal amount of Unsecured Financial 
Indebtedness repaid. 
"Nennbetrag 
der 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten (netto)" bezeichnet den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
eingegangenen 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten abzüglich des Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückgezahlten 
Unbesicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten. 
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means, on a 
consolidated basis determined in accordance with 
IFRS, the value of any Real Estate Property of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired plus the value of all other assets of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries not subject to any Lien 
acquired minus the value of such assets which 
(i) have been disposed of or (ii) have become subject 
to a Lien. 
"Unbelastetes Nettovermögen" bezeichnet den 
nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelten Wert 
des 
erworbenen 
Immobilienvermögens 
der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht 
Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich des 
Werts aller sonstigen erworbenen Vermögenswerte 
der Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, die 
nicht Gegenstand eines Sicherungsrechts sind, 
abzüglich des Werts solcher Vermögenswerte, die 
(i) veräußert wurden oder (ii) Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts geworden sind. 
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion from 
legal counsel. The counsel may be an employee of 
or counsel to the Issuer. 
"Rechtsgutachten" bezeichnet ein schriftliches 
Gutachten eines Rechtsberaters. Der Rechtsberater 
kann Mitarbeiter oder externer Rechtsberater der 
Emittentin sein. 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, 
trust, 
unincorporated 
organisation, 
limited liability company or government (or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof) or other 
entity. 
"Person" 
bezeichnet 
natürliche 
Personen, 
Körperschaften, 
Personengesellschaften, 
Joint 
Ventures, 
Vereinigungen, 
Aktiengesellschaften, 
Trusts, 
nicht 
rechtsfähige 
Vereinigungen, 
Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung, staatliche 
Stellen (oder Behörden oder Gebietskörperschaften) 
oder sonstige Rechtsträger. 
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate 
property of such Person and its subsidiaries. 
"Immobilienvermögen" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Immobilienvermögen der betreffenden Person und 
ihrer Tochterunternehmen. 
"Relevant Period" means the respective most 
recent four consecutive quarters ending prior to the 
respective date of determination of the Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio. 
"Maßgeblicher Zeitraum" bezeichnet die letzten 
vier vor dem jeweiligen Tag der Feststellung des 
Konsolidierten 
Deckungsgrads 
endenden 
aufeinanderfolgenden Quartale. 
"Reporting Date" means 31 March, 30 June, 
30 September and 31 December of each year. 
"Berichtsstichtag" ist der 31. März, 30. Juni, 
30. September und 31. Dezember eines jeden Jahres. 
"Secured Financial Indebtedness" means that 
portion of the aggregate principal amount of all 
outstanding Financial Indebtedness of the Group 
that is secured by a Lien on properties or other assets 
of the Group. 
"Besicherte Finanzverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet 
den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller ausstehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, der mit 
Sicherungsrechten an Immobilien oder sonstigen 
Vermögenswerten der Gruppe besichert ist. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. 
"Securities 
Act" 
bezeichnet 
das 
US-
Wertpapiergesetz von 1933 (U.S. Securities Act of 
1933) in seiner jeweils geltenden Fassung. 
"Securitised 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness" 
means any Capital Market Indebtedness incurred in 
respect of or in connection with any securitisation or 
similar financing arrangement relating to assets 
owned by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries and where 
"Verbriefte 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
bezeichnet jede Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Verbriefung oder 
vergleichbaren Finanzierungsvereinbarung in Bezug 
auf Vermögenswerte der Emittentin oder ihrer

--- Page 114 ---
114 
the recourse of the holders of such Capital Market 
Indebtedness against the Issuer is limited solely to 
such assets or any income generated therefrom. 
Tochtergesellschaften, bei der die Rückgriffsrechte 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit auf die Emittentin 
ausschließlich auf die betreffenden Vermögenswerte 
oder die daraus erzielten Erträge beschränkt ist. 
"Subsidiary" means any Person that must be 
consolidated with the Issuer for the purposes of 
preparing Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer. 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Person, die 
bei der Erstellung der Konzernabschlüsse der 
Emittentin mit ihr konsolidiert werden muss. 
[In the case the Specified Currency is Euro the 
following applies: "TARGET Business Day" 
means a day on which all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) 
are 
operational to effect payments.] 
[Wenn die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: "TARGET Geschäftstag" ist ein Tag, an 
dem alle maßgeblichen Bereiche des Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET2) betriebsbereit 
sind, um Zahlungen vorzunehmen.] 
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated 
total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, as such 
amount appears, or would appear, on a consolidated 
balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in accordance 
with IFRS, provided that "Total Assets" shall 
include the proceeds of the Financial Indebtedness 
or Secured Financial Indebtedness to be incurred. 
"Bilanzsumme" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Wert 
der 
konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin und 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften, der in einer nach IFRS 
erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der Emittentin 
erscheint oder erscheinen würde, wobei die 
"Bilanzsumme" die Zuflüsse aus den einzugehenden 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
oder 
Besicherten 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten einschließt. 
"Unencumbered 
Assets" 
means 
without 
duplication, (i) the value of any Real Estate 
Property, on a consolidated basis determined in 
accordance with IFRS, of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien, plus 
(ii) the value of all other assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries that is not subject to any Lien (where in 
case of (i) and (ii) the value of Real Estate Property, 
on a consolidated basis determined in accordance 
with IFRS, and other assets shall be equal to such 
amounts that appear, or would appear, on a 
consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with IFRS). 
"Unbelastetes 
Vermögen" 
bezeichnet 
ohne 
doppelte Berücksichtigung (i) den nach IFRS auf 
konsolidierter 
Basis 
ermittelten 
Wert 
des 
Immobilienvermögens der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, das nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts ist, zuzüglich (ii) des Werts aller 
sonstigen Vermögenswerte der Emittentin und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften, die nicht Gegenstand eines 
Sicherungsrechts sind (wobei im Fall von (i) und (ii) 
der nach IFRS auf konsolidierter Basis ermittelte 
Wert des Immobilienvermögens und der sonstigen 
Vermögenswerte dem Betrag entspricht, der in einer 
nach IFRS erstellten konsolidierten Bilanz der 
Emittentin erscheint oder erscheinen würde). 
"Unsecured Financial Indebtedness" means that 
portion of the aggregate principal amount of all 
outstanding Financial Indebtedness of the Group 
that is not Secured Financial Indebtedness. 
"Unbesicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet den Teil des Gesamtnennbetrags aller 
ausstehenden Finanzverbindlichkeiten der Gruppe, 
bei 
dem 
es 
sich 
nicht 
um 
Besicherte 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten handelt. 
§ 16 APPLICABLE 
LAW, 
PLACE 
OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
§ 16 ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Noteholders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany, without giving effect 
to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich nach dem Recht der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, unter Ausschluss des internationalen 
Privatrechts. 
(2) 
Submission to Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings 
under the SchVG, the place of non-exclusive 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte 
Verfahren nach dem SchVG ist Frankfurt am Main

--- Page 115 ---
115 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
in connection with the Notes shall be Frankfurt am 
Main. 
nicht ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehende Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren. 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Noteholder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Noteholder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that 
the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the need 
for production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Noteholder 
may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other 
way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank 
bei, 
bei 
der 
er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Anleihegläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält, und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person von 
dem Clearingsystem oder einer Verwahrstelle des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt 
ist, das Depotgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem 
der Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet der vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen ist jeder Anleihegläubiger berechtigt, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen auch 
auf jede andere im Land des Verfahrens zulässige 
Weise geltend zu machen. 
§ 17 LANGUAGE 
 
§ 17 SPRACHE 
[If the Conditions shall be in the German language 
with an English language translation the following 
applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language 
with a German language translation the following 
applies: These Terms and Conditions are written in 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese

--- Page 116 ---
116 
the English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache 
ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen nur in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst sind, gilt folgendes: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Conditions shall be in the English language 
only the following applies: These Terms and 
Conditions are written in the English language 
only.]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, 
jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID 
II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]5 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-
Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
 
3 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".  
5 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]6 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); EITHER7 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR8 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]9.]10  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle 
Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), 
umfasst; ENTWEDER11 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, 
einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER12 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung] [und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen 
Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]13, zu bestimmen.]14  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
 
6 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach 
Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
7 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines").  
8 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if 
the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
9 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
10 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". 
11 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind.  
12 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Article 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.  
13 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.  
14 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger".

--- Page 119 ---
119 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER15 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]16] OR17 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]18.]19 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER20 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]21] ODER22 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und 
(iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick 
auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der 
Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder 
durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
 
15 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
16 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all 
channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
17 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
18 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
19 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The legend may 
not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
20 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
21 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im 
britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den 
Beispielen der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
22 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die 
Bestimmung der Geeignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung 
von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]23, zu bestimmen.]24 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]25  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
"Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-
Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]26 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]27 
 
23 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung 
erforderlich. 
24 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls 
nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure kann es Situationen 
geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide 
enthalten sind. 
25 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable".  
26 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.  
27 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable". 
The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in 
the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be 
included unless turned off.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in 
sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (der 
"FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 
2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein 
qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann 
das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB 
nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]28 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]  
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) von Singapur (der "SFA") und den 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die 
Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass 
es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 
definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) 
handelt.]  
 
 
 
28 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es 
potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich 
als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht unangewendet bleiben.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
VONOVIA SE 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5299005A2ZEP6AP7KM81  
 
[Offer][Issue] of 
[Angebot][Emission] von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
Vonovia SE 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final 
Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 11 March 2021 [(, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] 2021,)] (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]29  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die 
"Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom 11. März 2021 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] 
[Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●] 2021)] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der 
Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin und das Angebot sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt 
enthalten. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung für die einzelne Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beigefügt.]30  
 
29 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or EUR 100,000 equivalent of 
any other currency.  
30  Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag einer anderen Währung.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] (the "Terms and 
Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms. The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which 
are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together 
with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] 
im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, 
haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht 
anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob 
die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen 
der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]31 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]32 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words: 
[●]33 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten: 
[●]34 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]35 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]36 
Issue Date: 
 
Begebungstag: 
 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream 
Frankfurt 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch 
Clearstream Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
31 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
32 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
33 
Insert currency and amount in words of the Tranche. 
34 
Währung und Betrag in Worten der Tranche einfügen. 
35 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such 
other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes.  
36 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den 
Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 1.000 entspricht.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Last Interest Payment Date preceding the 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Letzter Zinszahlungstag, der dem 
 
Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung:  
[●] 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar 
year:37 
[●] 
 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr:38 
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
37 
Only relevant where the Specified Currency is Euro and the Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA).  
38 
Nur einschlägig, falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist und der Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-
 
Konvention 
 
 
☐ 
FRN Convention 
 
 
 
FRN Konvention 
 
 
 
 
Specify period(s): 
[[specify number] [months]] 
 
 
 
Zeitraum angeben: 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Monate]] 
 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
 
Vorangegangener-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Marge: 
[●] % per annum 
 
 
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months-EURIBOR 
 
 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period 
 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
[Yes][No] 
 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
☐ 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
☐ 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
 
☐ 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
☐ 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis

--- Page 129 ---
129 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
Financial centre(s) relating to Business Day: 
[●] 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Geschäftstage: 
[●] 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Call 
Redemption Amount:39 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag:40 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] per cent. 
 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the 
Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: ISIN or 
other securities code, based on the reference price for 
such benchmark security on such day, as observed at or 
about noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on 
such date on Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the 
setting "Fixing Price" and the pricing source ["FRNK"] 
[other source as relevant]), or as derived or published by 
such other source as determined by the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, basierend auf dem Referenzpreis 
für diese Referenz-Anleihe an diesem Tag, wie um oder 
gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere 
relevante Zeitzone] an diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg 
Seite [ISIN] Govt HP (unter Nutzung der Einstellung 
"Fixing Price" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie von einer 
anderen, durch die Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, 
Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer on Issuer Call 
Redemption Date(s):41 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin [am] [an] 
Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en):42 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
Issuer Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Emittenten Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
 
Issuer Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
39 
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
40 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
41 
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
42 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
 
beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a Call 
Redemption Period:43 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während 
einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode:44 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode(n): 
[●] 
 
 
Issuer Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Emittenten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
 
beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of a Noteholder:45 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl eines Anleihegläubigers:46 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
 
(Put): 
[●] 
 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Anleihegläubigerwahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
 
beträge (Put): 
[●] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reasons of 
Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount: 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringen 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a transaction related event: 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt 
eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[insert issue date] to [insert end of period date] 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum [Datum Ende des 
Zeitraums einfügen] 
 
 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] % 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control: 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
43 
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
44 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.  
45 
Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
46 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING AGENT [AND CALCULATION AGENT]  
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT [,] [UND] ZAHLSTELLE [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent/specified office: 
[Not applicable] [Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited] [name and specified 
office] 
 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited] [Name und bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle] 
§ 14 
NOTICES 
§ 14 
MITTEILUNGEN 
☐ 
Listing on Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Listing an der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Listing on exchange other than Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/No listing 
[stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [in] [/] [under][●] [newspaper or website] 
 
Notierung an einer anderen Börse als die Luxemburger 
Börse/Keine Notierung 
[andere Börse als die Luxemburger Börse] [in] [/] 
[unter][●] [Zeitung oder Internetseite] 
§ 17 
LANGUAGE47 
§ 17 
SPRACHE48 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
German and English, English binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Englisch bindend 
 
☐ 
German only 
 
 
Nur Deutsch 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. In the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be 
the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of Vonovia SE. 
48 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Falls Inhaberschuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Investoren in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden, 
wird die deutsche Sprache maßgeblich sein. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte 
Investoren die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Vonovia SE erhältlich sein.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION49 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN50 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market: 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading:51 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel:52 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be 
offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:53 
[give details] 
 
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach 
Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, 
die 
zum 
Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind:54  
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their commitment:55 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig 
sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen 
erwirtschaften, 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung:56 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
 
49 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated market 
within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
50 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindesten EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an 
einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
51 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
52 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
53 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
54 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.  
55 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
56 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows57 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet58 
 
 
☐ 
Moody's: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]59: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
☐ 
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse 
 
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:60 
[The net proceeds from this issuance of Notes will be used for 
general corporate and financing purposes of the Group.] [The 
Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from this issuance of 
Notes for Eligible Green Projects in line with the Green Bond 
Framework established by the Group.] 
[specify details] 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das 
Angebot:61 
[Der Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen wird für allgemeine Unternehmens- 
und Finanzierungszwecke der Gruppe eingesetzt.] [Die 
Emittentin beabsichtigt den Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen für Geeignete Nachhaltige 
Projekte gemäß dem "Green Bond Framework" der Gruppe 
zu verwenden.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:62 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:63 
[●] 
 
57 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
58 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht.  
59 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.  
60 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of 
Vonovia include those reasons here.  
61 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken 
von Vonovia bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
62 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. Not to be split up in the 
case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
63 
Sofern der Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue:64 
[●] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:65 
[●] 
Yield and Historic Interest Rates 
Rendite und Zinssätze der Vergangenheit 
 
Yield:66 
[●] 
 
Rendite:67 
[●] 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the future 
performance as well as their volatility can be obtained 
(not free of charge) by electronic means from:68 
Reuters EURIBOR01 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Weiterentwicklungen sowie 
ihre 
Volatilität 
können 
(nicht 
kostenfrei) 
auf 
elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden unter:69 
Reuters EURIBOR01 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area:70 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum:71 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom:72 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich:73 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Method of Placement74 
 
Art der Platzierung75 
 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
64 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. If proceeds are intended for more than one principal 
use, the total expenses will need to split up accordingly and present according to the priority of the use.  
65 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. Sofern der 
Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend aufzuschlüsseln und 
entsprechend der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
66 
Not required in the case of Floating Rate Notes.  
67 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.  
68 
Only required in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
69 
Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000.  
70 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
71 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
72 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
73 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
74 
Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
75 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the 
global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to 
the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or 
the placers in the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[give details] 
 
 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der 
Koordinatoren des gesamten Angebots sowie 
einzelner Angebotsteile und - sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – Name 
und Anschrift derjenigen, die das Angebot in den 
verschiedenen Ländern platzieren: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments of Lead Manager(s) 
and Manager(s): 
[give details]76 
 
 
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und 
Übernahmeverpflichtungen des oder der Lead 
Manager(s) und der Manager: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]77 
 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[insert date] 
 
 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags: 
[Datum angeben] 
 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[give name] 
 
 
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des 
Dealers: 
[Angabe des Namens] 
 
 
The various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
[give details] 
 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der 
potentiellen Investoren, dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the 
markets of two or more countries and if a tranche 
has been or is being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate such tranche: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten 
zwei oder mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine 
bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte 
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern 
zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
76 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.  
77 
Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und Einzelheiten über 
Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese 
nicht mit den Managern identisch sind.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Dealer's commission:78 
[●] 
 
Provision der Dealer:79 
[●] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung and EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
 
WKN: 
[●] 
 
 
[CFI:] 
[●] 
 
 
[FISN:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Any other security number:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[●] 
 
New Global Note 
[Yes] [No] 
 
New Global Note 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical Global 
Note] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]80 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]81 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
 
78 
Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
at least EUR 100,000.  
79 
Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
80 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
81 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]82 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und 
auf den Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]83 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]84 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer 
Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht 
notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]85 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public86 
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots87 
 
Issue Price at which the Notes will be offered:88 
[insert percentage rate] per cent. 
 
Emissionspreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden:89 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details] 
 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
82 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
83 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
84 
Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
85 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt.  
86 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
87 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
88 
Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known. 
89 
Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of the 
offer: 
[give details] 
 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht 
feststeht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of 
the application process: 
[give details] 
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des 
Antragsverfahrens: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions and 
manner of refunding excess amount paid by applicants: 
[give details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Rückerstattung 
des zuviel gezahlten Betrages an die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[give details] 
 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[give details] 
 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere 
und ihre Lieferung 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Manner and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[give details] 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[give details] 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Übertragbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung von nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechten: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber/purchaser: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Public Offer and information to be provided regarding the 
consent by the Issuer: 
[not applicable] 
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu stellende 
Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin: 
[nicht anwendbar] 
 
Final placement of the Notes in the following 
jurisdictions: 
[Luxembourg] [,] [and] [Germany] [,] [and] [The Netherlands] 
[and] [●]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in 
den folgenden Jurisdiktionen: 
[Luxemburg] [,] [und] [Deutschland] [,] [und] [die 
Niederlande] [und] [●] 
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further 
financial intermediaries can be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify subscription period] 
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere 
Weiterveräußerung oder endgültige Platzierung von 
Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder weitere 
Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist einfügen] 
 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 
30,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Vonovia SE on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen des Euro 30.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Vonovia SE an der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of [●] of [●] passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des [●] der [●] vom [●] genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die 
Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen 
wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin 
hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende 
Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Vonovia SE 
 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 140 ---
140 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
General Information on Vonovia SE 
Incorporation, Corporate Seat, Duration, Corporate Purpose and Regulation 
The Issuer is a European company (Societas Europaea – SE) operating under German and European law and registered under 
its legal name "Vonovia SE" in the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) in Bochum under HRB 16879. The 
Issuer conducts its business, amongst others, under the commercial name "Vonovia". The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuer is 5299005A2ZEP6AP7KM81.  
The Issuer was formed as a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung) under German law by 
memorandum of association dated 17 June 1998. Its legal name was "Deutsche Annington Immobilien GmbH" with its 
registered office in Frankfurt/Main, Germany. Its legal form was ultimately changed into a European company (Societas 
Europaea – SE) on 21 June 2012. On 30 April 2015, the general shareholder's meeting resolved on a change of the Issuer's 
legal name from "Deutsche Annington Immobilien SE" to "Vonovia SE". The change was registered with the commercial 
register on 19 August 2015. 
The registered office and business address of the Issuer is Universitätsstraße 133, 44803 Bochum, Germany (tel. +49 (0) 234-
314-0). The website of the Issuer is www.vonovia.de. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to section 2 of the Issuer's Articles of Association (Satzung), the Issuer's corporate purpose is the conduct of real 
estate business and any related business of any kind, in particular the acquisition, the administration and the sale of developed 
and undeveloped properties and rights equivalent to title rights in real estate in Germany and abroad. The Issuer may also 
acquire, hold or dispose of shares in German and foreign listed and non-listed companies and partnerships that conduct such 
activities. To this end, the Issuer may, in particular, be active in the fields of acquiring, erecting, conducting, supervizing, 
operating and managing buildings in all legal forms and usage types and assume all tasks arising in the fields of operating 
residential and commercial buildings, of urban development and infrastructure, in particular acquiring, developing improving, 
redeveloping, encumbering, selling real estate and granting hereditary building rights (Erbbaurechte). The Issuer may further 
be active in the fields of developing and marketing any technical, commercial and other know-how and providing services of 
any kind in connection with such activities. 
The Issuer is established for an unlimited period of time. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer's annual and consolidated financial statements for the 2020 and 2019 fiscal years was KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Tersteegenstr. 19-23, 40474 Düsseldorf, Germany, ("KPMG"). The annual financial 
statements according to HGB, as well as the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer according to IFRS for the 2020 
and 2019 fiscal years, were audited by KPMG and each provided with an unqualified auditor's opinion. KPMG is a member 
of the German Chamber of Auditors (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
Organizational Structure 
The Issuer performs the function of the management holding company for the Group. In this role, it is responsible for 
determining and pursuing the overall strategy and implementing Vonovia's goals. It also performs property management, 
financing, service and coordination tasks for the Group. Furthermore, it is responsible for the management, control and 
monitoring system as well as risk management. 
In order to carry out its management functions, Vonovia SE has established a series of service companies, particularly for 
commercial and operational support functions, which are centralized in shared service centres. By pooling the corporate 
functions on a uniform service platform, Vonovia aims to achieve harmonization, standardization and economies of scale 
objectives and to provide the basis for the successful digitization of its process chains. In addition, the development business 
is largely managed via project companies. 
As of 31 December 2020, 588 legal entities/companies formed part of the Group.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Major Shareholders 
The Issuer's share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to EUR 565,887,299.00 divided into 565,887,299 
ordinary registered shares with no-par value (Stückaktien) and is fully paid up. 
The shares in the Issuer are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and are included in the DAX30 market index and EURO 
STOXX 50 market index. 
On the basis of the notifications received by the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus in accordance with the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - "WpHG") and pursuant to information provided by the respective 
shareholders, the following shareholders directly or indirectly hold more than 3% of the Issuer's ordinary shares. The 
percentage values shown in the table below are based on the amount of voting rights last notified to the Issuer with regard to 
the stated reference date by the respective shareholder pursuant to sections 33 et seqq. WpHG in relation to the Issuer's share 
capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It should be noted that the number of voting rights last notified could have 
changed since such notifications were submitted to the Issuer without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit a 
corresponding voting rights notification if no notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed:  
Shareholder 
Share of voting rights (in %) 
BlackRock ........................................................................................................................  
7.3 
Norges Bank .....................................................................................................................  
6.3 
FMR LLC (Fidelity) .........................................................................................................  
3.3 
Stichting Pensioenfonds (APG) ........................................................................................  
3.0 
Total ................................................................................................................................  
19.9 
 
 
Other shareholders, including those shareholders whose shareholdings represent less than 3 % of the total voting rights in the 
Issuer, hold the remaining 80.1% of the shares of the Issuer. 
All of the Issuer's shares confer the same voting rights. 
History and development 
Vonovia can trace its roots to the end of the nineteenth century. Deutsche Annington Immobilien GmbH, however, was 
officially founded in 1998, but remained dormant until the end of 2000. The Issuer then acquired between 94.1 % and 94.9 % 
of the shares in ten regional German Railroad housing companies (Eisenbahnwohnungsgesellschaften), which represented 
65,000 housing units of the BEV (Bundeseisenbahnvermögen – "BEV"). 
In 2005, the Issuer acquired Viterra AG, the largest German housing company at the time with approximately 138,000 housing 
units. Viterra AG itself, can trace its residential property portfolio back to the establishment of Urbana in 1895, Veba 
Immobilien in 1910 and Deutschbau in 1923. This acquisition established the Issuer, with its at that time approximately 
220,000 residential units, according to its own assessment, as a leading company in the German residential real estate industry 
in terms of number of units and as a major player on the European level. 
Since 2005, the Issuer has completed a larger number of substantial acquisitions, most noteably the acquisition of the real 
estate business managed by DeWAG and parts of the real estate business of the Vitus Group in 2014, the takeover of Gagfah 
S.A. in 2015 and the takeover of conwert Immobilien Invest SE in 2017. 
The acquisition of the BUWOG Group in 2018, which included a portfolio in Germany as well as apartments in Austria, 
marked the beginning of the Issuer's international expansion. In July 2018, the Issuer completed the takeover of the Swedish 
real estate company Victoria Park AB. The Issuer also acquired a first stake in France in 2018. In 2020, the Issuer completed 
the takeover of the Swedish real estate group Hembla. In 2020, the Issuer acquired a minority stake in the Dutch company 
Vesteda Residential. The continuation of this strategy could give rise to further growth opportunities in Sweden, Austria, 
France and the Netherlands as well as in other European countries.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Ratings 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") has assigned the long-term credit rating "BBB+"90 (outlook stable) and Scope 
Ratings GmbH ("Scope") has assigned the long-term credit rating "A-"91 (outlook stable) to the Issuer. 
S&P and Scope are established in the European Community and are registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation").92 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the relevant rating agency. 
Business 
Overview 
Vonovia holds and manages a housing stock of around 355,300 apartments in almost all of Germany's major cities and regions. 
It also manages a portfolio of around 38,200 units in Sweden and approximately 22,200 in Austria. As of 31 December 2020, 
the total fair value of Vonovia's portfolio amounted to approximately EUR 58.9 billion, with net assets based on the definition 
of the European Public Real Estate Association ("EPRA") amounting to approximately EUR 35.1 billion. In addition to its 
own apartments, Vonovia manages approximately 74,000 apartments for third parties. This makes Vonovia – in its own 
assessment – one of the leading residential real estate companies in Germany, Sweden and Austria, albeit with a very low 
market share of around 1.5 % in Germany due to the highly fragmented nature of the market.  
Vonovia's business model is based on the rental of good-quality, modern and, most importantly, affordable homes, the 
development and construction of new apartments, both for its own portfolio and for sale to third parties, and the provision of 
housing-related services. These housing-related services mainly include Vonovia's caretaker, craftsmen and residential 
environment organizations as well as multimedia and metering services.  
The management of the operating business is based on the strategic approaches of Vonovia and is conducted via the four 
segments: Rental, Value-add, Recurring Sales and Development.  
The "Rental" segment combines all of the business activities that are aimed at the value-enhancing management of Vonovia's 
own residential real estate. It includes Vonovia's property management activities in Germany, Austria and Sweden. The 
consolidation of Vonovia's property management activities in Germany, Austria and Sweden to form one single reporting 
segment is based on the similarities that the Vonovia sees in the property management business in these three countries. This 
applies to the way in which services are provided and the individual service processes that form part of the property 
management business as well as to the customers in the residential rental market and the type of customer acquisition used. 
Overall, the Issuer is of the opinion, that the residential rental market in all three countries is characterized by a shortage of 
housing and is regulated by statutory requirements, resulting in return expectations that are similar in the long term. 
The "Value-add" segment bundles all of the housing-related services that Vonovia has expanded its core rental business to 
include. These services include both the maintenance and modernization work on Vonovia's residential properties and services 
that are closely related to the rental business. Vonovia allocates the activities relating to the craftsmen's and residential 
environment organization, the condominium administration, the cable TV business, metering services, energy supplies and 
Vonovia's insurance services to the Value-add segment. 
The "Recurring Sales" segment includes the regular and sustainable disposals of individual condominiums and single-family 
houses from Vonovia's portfolio. The consolidation of Vonovia's sales activities in Germany and Austria to form one single 
reporting segment is based on the similarities that Vonovia sees in the property management business in these two countries. 
It does not include the sale of entire buildings or pieces of land (Non-core Disposals). These properties are only sold as and 
when the right opportunities present themselves, meaning that the sales do not form part of the Recurring Sales segment.  
 
90 
S&P defines "BBB" as follows: "An obligor rated 'BBB' has an adequate capacity to meet financial commitments, but more subject to 
adverse economic conditions. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the major rating categories." 
 
Holders should be aware that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
91 
Scope defines "A" as follows: "Ratings at the A level reflect an opinion of strong credit quality. Rating categories defined by Scope 
rank from "AAA" (highest category) to "D" (default), with "+" and "-" as additional sub-categories for each category from AA to B 
(inclusive)." 
92 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working 
days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that 
updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
The "Development" segment encompasses the project development of new residential buildings. The consolidation of 
Vonovia's development activities in Germany, Austria and Sweden to form one single reporting segment is based on the 
similarities that Vonovia sees in the business in these three countries. This covers the value chain starting with the purchase of 
land without any development plan/dedicated purpose and ending with the completion of new buildings and new construction 
measures on Vonovia's own properties. These properties are either incorporated into Vonovia's own portfolio or sold to third 
parties. The Development segment deals with projects in selected attractive locations. Project development work is currently 
focusing on Berlin, Hamburg, Germany's Rhine-Main district and Vienna.  
Key Developments and Megatrends 
Vonovia believes that it has a solid business model that provides answers to the ecological and socio-political challenges facing 
it today and has the potential to contribute to the solutions. Vonovia believes that the main megatrends affecting the residential 
property are (i) climate change and the drive to avoid fossil fuels with the aim of limiting emissions that are harmful to the 
environment, (ii) urbanization and the associated shortage of housing, (iii) integration within society as a result of social 
change, also due to migration to Germany, and (iv) demographic change and the demand for housing that meets the needs of 
today's society. Greater emphasis also has to be placed on digitalization in customer relationships, in internal processes and in 
the area of home automation. 
In Vonovia's view, the coronavirus pandemic and climate change have exposed just how sustainable and future-proof 
individual business models really are. This is why Vonovia explicitly addressed these megatrends as part of the most recent 
revision of its corporate strategy. The corporate strategy was focused on future requirements resulting from sustainability, an 
explicitly climate protection, as well as social responsibility for tenants, customers and employees (please also refer to 
"Strategy – Inclusion of Sustainability Aspects" below).  
Strategy 
Vonovia's strategy comprises four basic approaches: "Property Management", "Portfolio Management", the "Financing 
Strategy" and the innovative aspect of the "Value-add Strategy". These four basic strategic approaches entail an increasing 
proportion of innovative elements for Vonovia's target European housing markets.  
A further pillar, the "Acquisition Strategy", is designed to strengthen the impact of the first four strategic approaches as the 
opportunity arises. The "European Internationalization Strategy" is based on the approach of tapping into other European 
markets as and when an opportunity presents itself. These two additional approaches are meant to continue to support and 
round off the four basic approaches. 
The strategy has been reviewed in the context of growing sustainability and stakeholder requirements and relevant 
sustainability aspects have been included in its core elements. In particular, it has addressed sustainability aspects, 
supplemented the company’s sustainability strategy in a targeted manner, with the aim to ensure the future viability of both 
the strategy and the business model. 
Inclusion of Sustainability Aspects 
Vonvoia's sustainability strategy aims to incorporate sustainability into the company’s strategy and processes across the board. 
This refined strategy also specifically addresses the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as well as the specific ESG 
targets set by European and national standard setters. The integration of sustainability into the strategy is reflected in the 
expansion of the management system to include non-financial key figures, in particular in the form of the introduction of a 
sustainability performance index from 2021 onwards. 
The updated strategy, which will continue to have a commercially successful business model at its core in the future as well, 
explicitly addresses the following sustainability issues: 
1. 
Voluntary commitment to climate protection objectives and reducing CO2 ("Ecologic pillar"); 
2. 
Social responsibility for Vonovia's tenants, customers and employees ("Social pillar"); 
3. 
Trustworthy, reliable and transparent corporate governance based on the best-practice guidelines set out in the 
Corporate Governance Code ("Governance pillar"). 
Vonovia has made a clear and explicit commitment to climate protection targets and a CO2-neutral building stock by 2050 as 
well as to reliable and transparent corporate governance. With regard to the objective of achieving a climate-neutral housing 
stock, the current efforts relating to energy-efficiency building shell refurbishment and the renovation of heating systems are 
not, however, sufficient in order to achieve the climate targets that have been set. Vonovia will need to embark on more 
extensive refurbishment measures, combined with a mix of renewable energies to move away from carbon-based energy supply

--- Page 144 ---
144 
via optimized sector coupling. Sustainable new construction using sustainable construction materials and paying attention to 
the responsible handling of effluents and waste are other important aspects.  
Vonovia aims to implement solutions for climate protection in the housing industry using innovations and new technologies 
in Vonovia's neighbourhoods in a cost-effective manner to allow Vonovia to continue to design urban, environmentally-
friendly and affordable housing in a socially responsible manner. Another way in which Vonovia aims to live up to its social 
responsibility is via its neighbourhood development projects. 
In the future, trustworthy, reliable and transparent governance will be supplemented to include ESG risk management that also 
takes the recommendations made by the "Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure" (TCFD) into account. In the 
future, all decisions will be evaluated with regard to their impact on sustainability aspects before they are made. 
Vonovia had already set up an organizational unit reporting to the Chief Executive Officer to coordinate and promote 
sustainability aspects in the context of the strategy and the business model, as well as being responsible for external 
sustainability reporting. A steering group, the "Sustainability Committee", has also been set up. It includes the entire 
Management Board as well as the individuals responsible for sustainability, corporate communications, controlling, accounting 
and business innovation. In order to calibrate its sustainability endeavours correctly, Vonovia conducted a new materiality 
analysis, defining areas for action and developing a sustainability roadmap based on the results. In addition, opportunities and 
risks resulting from the various areas for action are monitored as part of the risk management system. All future decisions will 
be made taking sustainability into account 
On the financing side, this approach is being complemented by Vonovia's Green Bond Framework. The framework defines 
Eligible Green Projects promoting social and environmental projects and activities which Vonovia intends to pursue with the 
proceeds from selected issuances of bonds and notes, inter alia, under this Programme (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). (Please refer to "Risk Factors relating to the Notes – Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green 
Bond"). 
4 + 2 Strategy Elements 
In detail, Vonovia's 4 + 2 strategy elements can be described as follows: 
Property Management Strategy 
The core element of Vonovia's "Property Management Strategy" is Vonovia's sophisticated management platform, which 
allows for the efficient management of the portfolio and the successful scaling of the property management business. In this 
respect, Vonovia makes use of a mix of regional and local services and the Group-wide bundling of services in central service 
centers. Vonovia also applies this expertise to the property management business in Austria and Sweden in line with the 
requirement profiles that apply in those markets. The property management strategy is being enhanced, in particular, by 
digitization measures in the underlying business processes and at the customer interface. The tenant app is one of the lighthouse 
projects in this area. 
Portfolio Management Strategy 
The "Portfolio Management Strategy" focuses on optimizing the portfolio. The portfolio is refined in a targeted manner using 
privatization measures and the sale of "Non-Core" properties. On the other hand, tactical acquisitions, modernization, new 
construction and development measures are used to increase the value of the portfolio in a targeted manner. In the "Operate" 
sub-portfolio, Vonovia aims to further increase the value of the properties by carrying out sustainable maintenance measures, 
increasing rents and reducing vacancy levels. In the "Invest" sub-portfolio, Vonovia is generating additional added value by 
implementing an extensive program of investments that responds to climate protection concerns and focuses on investments 
in energy-efficient renovation, senior-friendly and contemporary living. Vonovia wants to create new living space in its 
portfolio in the future as part of its densification strategy, using a combination of vertical expansion and new construction on 
existing land.  
The portfolio management strategy also includes the activities of the development business on land purchased specifically for 
this purpose, adding another profitable element to Vonovia’s value chain. The development business, operated under the 
BUWOG brand, includes the construction of owner-occupied apartments for sale to private investors and owner-occupiers as 
well as the construction of rented apartments to be managed by the company itself. The acquisition also results in the transfer 
of substantial expertise between the development business and Vonovia’s established new construction and vertical expansion 
activities.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Financing Strategy 
Vonovia's "Financing Strategy" has essentially been implemented in full. Vonovia’s debt, measured in terms of the loan-to-
value (LTV) ratio, is stable within the target range of 40% to 45%. Thanks to the broad range of equity and debt capital 
providers and the BBB+/Stable/A-2 issuer credit rating awarded to the Issuer by the rating agency S&P as well as the A- rating 
received from the rating agency Scope, Vonovia has secured access to the international debt and equity capital markets. As a 
result, Vonovia's current focus is on maintaining these credit ratings and optimizing the financing structure and maturity profile 
as well as financial risk management. 
Value-add Strategy 
The "Value-add Strategy" supplements Vonovia's core business to include customer-oriented services, e. g., services that are 
closely related to or influence the rental business. As part of this strategy, Vonovia continually evaluates additional service 
ideas to increase customer satisfaction and add the corresponding services to Vonovia's offering. Those areas of the "Value-
add Strategy" that have already been established successfully largely include the craftsmen’s organization, the residential 
environment organization, multimedia services, energy services and metering services, and insurance services. The capability 
of having own craftsmen’s and residential environment organization covering the entire portfolio, in particular the maintenance 
and modernization services, allows Vonovia to make the residential units more attractive in general and help to increase 
customer satisfaction. 
Acquisition Strategy 
Vonovia pursues acquisitions as and when opportunities present themselves. Acquisitions have to be expected to increase 
value before they are conducted. Such increases in value are generally assessed in terms of strategic suitability, increases in 
EBITDA Rental yield per share and a neutral impact on the adjusted net asset value ("NAV") per share; these are funded by 
50% equity and 50% debt. Furthermore, an acquisition must not pose any risk to the company’s stable BBB+ long-term 
corporate credit rating (S&P). Despite the shorter supply of attractive portfolios, Vonovia remains committed to the 
implementation of its acquisition strategy, as there are still opportunities for successful takeovers and integration measures 
available. Vonovia has been growing in recent years thanks to a large number of acquisitions. Vonovia's scalable operational 
management system allows it to achieve harmonization and generate economies of scale from the full and efficient integration 
of newly acquired companies and portfolios. Making the most of this competitive advantage and using the expertise that has 
been built up within Vonovia's organization over time, Vonovia is constantly analysing portfolios that could constitute potential 
takeover targets. In accordance with Vonovia's portfolio management strategy and its of "Value-add Strategy", Vonovia does 
not consider acquisitions to be the only way in which to achieve growth, but rather sees them as key additional strategic levers 
that help to strengthen the impact of Vonovia's core strategies. The successful takeover of the project developer Bien-Ries, for 
example, complemented the regional coverage of Vonovia's development business. 
European Internationalization Strategy 
Vonovia's experience and expertise on three European real estate markets (Germany, Sweden and Austria) serves as a reference 
in order to generate added value by tapping into other European markets. The potential target markets include those that are 
not yet as professional as the German real estate market, and those that offer attractive overall conditions in terms of rental 
market growth and household growth. 
Any activities by Vonovia on other European markets are performed by making targeted direct investments, such as in Austria 
and Sweden, but also, as an alternative, via high-profile and reliable joint venture partners in the first instance, which is the 
approach pursued on the French and Dutch markets. This may involve making contact with European partner companies, 
corresponding investors or political institutions in order to help accurately assess investment opportunities, cooperation options 
and opportunities for market entry. Vonovia pursues its internationalization strategy as and when opportunities present 
themselves. It is the clear objective that Vonovia's activities on other European markets must not impact on its domestic 
business and must entail risk potential that can be controlled or limited. 
Vonovia's Portfolio Structure 
Overview 
As of 31 December 2020, Vonovia had a total real estate portfolio comprising 415,688 residential units, 139,429 garages and 
parking spaces and 6,564 commercial units. Vonovia's locations span 630 cities, towns and municipalities in Germany, Sweden 
and Austria. 74,021 residential units are also managed for other owners. Most of the properties in the Group's portfolio are 
multifamily residences.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
In terms of fair value, most of the properties (around 84 %) are located in Germany. The Swedish portfolio accounts for around 
11 % of the fair value, while the Austrian share of the portfolio comes to around 5  %.  
The following tables provides an overview of Vonovia's portfolio as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
Portfolio 
Fair value * 
Residential 
Units 
Living Area 
(in thousands 
m2) 
Vacancy (in 
%) 
In EUR 
million 
In EUR /m2  
 
In-place rent 
multiplier 
Strategic 
327,479 
20,308 
2.1 
43,570.1  
2,093  
25.3 
Operate 
106,884 
6,675 
2.7 
14,699.8  
2,071  
23.6 
Invest 
220,595 
13,634 
1.8 
28,870.2  
2,104  
26.2 
Recurring Sales 
26,381 
1,762 
3.1 
4,033.9  
2,241  
26.9 
Non-core Disposals 
1,425 
107 
10.9 
178.8  
1,197  
16.5 
Vonovia Germany 
355,285 
22,177 
2.2 
47,782.8  
2,099  
25.4 
Vonovia Sweden 
38,248 
2,738 
2.3 
6,219.4  
2,090  
17.4 
Vonovia Austria 
22,155 
1,645 
4.6 
2,832.2  
1,570  
25.5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Fair value of the developed land excluding undeveloped land and inheritable building rights granted, assets under construction, development 
and other. 
 
In-place rent * 
Rent Increase 
Total (pa. in EUR 
million) 
Residential (pa. in 
EUR million) 
Residential (in 
EUR / m2) 
Organic (in %) 
Market rent 
forecast valuation 
(in % p. a.) 
Strategic 
1,722 
1,652 
6.93 
2.8 
1.7 
Operate 
622 
565 
7.28 
4.5 
1.6 
Invest 
1,100 
1,087 
6.77 
2.0 
1.7 
Recurring Sales 
150 
145 
7.06 
1.8 
1.7 
Non-core Disposals 
11 
8 
7.40 
2.4 
1.7 
Vonovia Germany 
1,883 
1,805 
6.95 
2.8 
1.7 
Vonovia Sweden 
357 
331 
10.31 
4.7 
2.0 
Vonovia Austria 
111 
90 
4.79 
5.1 
1.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Shown based on the country-specific definition. 
Germany 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group's real estate portfolio across Germany comprised 355,285 residential units, 97,093 garages 
and parking spaces and 3,786 commercial units distributed across 471 cities, towns and municipalities. The total living area 
amounted to 22,177,034 m², with the average apartment size coming in at around 62 m². With a vacancy rate of 2.2 %, Vonovia 
generated an average monthly in-place rent of EUR 6.95 per m² in Germany. The annualized in-place rent as of 31 December 
2020 came to EUR 1,804.8 million for apartments. 
Sweden 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group's real estate portfolio in Sweden comprised 38,248 residential units spanning a total living 
area of 2,738,209 m2, 25,019 garages and parking spaces and 2,172 commercial units. With a vacancy rate of 2.3 %, the 
residential portfolio generated annualized in-place rent of EUR 330.7 million as at 31 December 2020. The apartments, which 
average 72  m2 in size, generate monthly in-place rent of EUR 10.31 per m2 (inclusive). Most of them are located in the 
Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmo regions. 
Austria 
In the Austrian portfolio, which is largely located in Vienna, Vonovia achieved an annualized in-place rent of EUR 89.9 million 
as of 31 December 2020, with a vacancy rate of 4.6 %, in the residential portfolio, which comprises 22,155 units covering total 
living space of 1,644,754 m². The monthly in-place rent amounted to EUR 4.79 per m² with an average apartment size of 
around 74 m². The portfolio also comprised 17,317 garages and parking spaces and 606 commercial units. 
Recent changes in the Portfolio 
Vonovia purchased 1,057 apartments in Germany in the second half of 2020.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
In the course of 2020, 961 residential units from the portfolios earmarked for sale were disposed of in several sales as part of 
the implementation of the portfolio management strategy. 
In addition to the acquisition and sale of larger housing stocks, Vonovia’s portfolio changed in 2020 as a result of additions 
arising from tactical acquisitions, the construction of new apartments and attic extensions on the one hand, and disposals of 
condominiums and multifamily residences from the portfolio earmarked for sale on the other. Furthermore, Vonovia's regular 
portfolio reviews due to strategic reassessments resulted in certain housing stocks being reallocated within the German 
portfolio.  
Sustainability 
Vonovia considers sustainability an integral part of its business model. Vonovia obtained the following ESG ratings in 2020:  
Benchmark / Index 
Provider 
Vonovia's Rating 
Sustainability Best Practice Recommendations 
EPRA 
Gold93 (Gold - Bronze) 
SAM Corporate Sustainability Assessment 
S&P Global 
5794 (1- 100) 
Climate Change 
CDP 
B-95 (A - D-) 
Company ESG Risk Rating 
Sustainalytics 
7.796 (0 - 40+) 
ESG Research 
MSCI 
A97 (AAA - CCC) 
ESG Corporate Rating 
ISS-oekom 
C Prime-Status98 (A+ - D-) 
For further information on ESG ratings please refer to the section "Notice – ESG Ratings" above. 
For further information on the sustainability strategy of Vonovia, please refer to "Strategy - Inclusion of Sustainability Aspects" 
above. 
Material investments 
The Issuer has made no material investments since the date of its last published financial statements and, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, its management has made no firm commitments on such material investments in the future.  
Employees 
As of 31 December 2020, the total headcount of the Issuer amounted to approximately 10,622. 
Governmental, Legal or Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of its business activities, the Issuer is regularly involved in legal proceedings, both as a claimant 
and as a defendant. These proceedings relate to routine matters of tenancy and other laws, and do not have a significant impact 
on the Group's business. 
However, neither the Issuer nor its subsidiaries are currently involved, and have not been involved in the past 12 months, in 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threatened proceedings) that could or recently had a 
significant impact on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
 
93 
EPRA awards "Gold" for exceptional adherence to the Sustainability Best Practice Recommendations, i.e. a scoring above 85%. 
94 
S&P Global considers three possible impact ratings: "minor, medium and major" which are inversely scaled from 0 – 100 where 
"medium" ranges from 40-69 and "minor" ranges from 70-100. 
95 
CDP assesses companies across four consecutive levels ("Disclosures", "Awareness", "Management" and "Leadership") which 
represent the steps a company moves through as it progresses towards environmental stewardship. "B" and "B-" stand for the second 
highest level "Management". 
96 
Sustainalytics created five risk categories that indicate the level of ESG risk to a company's enterprise value. The lowest of these risk 
categories is "Negligible Risk", which is assigned for a rating from 0-10. 
97 
MSCI assigns the ratings "BB", "BBB" and "A" to a company with a mixed or unexceptional track record of managing the most 
significant ESG risks and opportunities relative to industry peers. 
98 
ISS-oekom defines Prime-Status as follows: "Prime status is attributed to those companies with an overall rating / ESG performance 
above the sector-specific prime threshold, which means that they fulfil ambitious absolute performance requirements. In addition to the 
overall rating, a decile rank indicates performance relative to industry peers."

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Material agreements 
The following section provides a summary of material agreements to which any member of the Group is a party. 
Financing Arrangements  
As of 31 December 2020, the Group had outstanding financial indebtedness in a nominal amount of EUR 25.1 billion, 
consisting of outstanding non-derivative financial liabilities of EUR 24.1 billion, of which EUR 7.3 billion are secured by land 
charges and other collateral (account pledge agreements, assignments, pledges of company shares and guarantees), and a 
hybrid bond in a nominal amount of EUR 1.0 billion which is classified as equity under IFRS. In addition, the Group's 
outstanding financial indebtedness comprised unsecured corporate bonds, partly issued under this Programme, commercial 
paper, secured bank loans and working capital facilities. 
Notes Issuances 
The table below provides an overview of the maturity profile of the outstanding bonds issued by the Group, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
Year of Maturity 
Amount due in EUR million 
2021 
500.0 
2022 
2,100.0 
2023 
2,185.0 
2024 
2,000.0 
2025 
1,500.0 
2026 
1,950.0 
2027 
1,000.0 
2028 
500.0 
2029 
500.0 
2030 
1,750.0 
2031 
0.0 
from 2032 
3,250.0 
Total 
15,985.0 
Large Bank Loans 
Other financings were provided by way of bank loans for the purpose of property (re)financing where the (re)financed property 
portfolios are used as collateral for the individual loans. Some of the loans were used in accordance with the contractual 
purpose for acquisitions; others are utilized for capital expenditures on the property portfolios. 
The table below provides an overview of secured and unsecured bank loans with a nominal amount outstanding of more than 
EUR 450 million, each:  
 
Banks 
Borrowing Group Entities 
Initial loan 
amount 
(in EUR 
million) 
Nominal loan 
amount 
outstanding as of 
31 December 2020 
(in EUR million) 
Final 
maturity 
(year) 
 
 
 
(unaudited*)) 
1) 
Syndicated Loan 
(i) Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG 
and 
(ii) Landesbank Baden 
Württemberg 
(i) Südost Woba Dresden GmbH and 
(ii) Wohnbau Nordwest GmbH 
500.0 
500 
2029 
2) 
Syndicated loan 
(i) Berlin Hyp AG (50 %); and 
(ii) Landesbank Hessen-
Thüringen (50 %) 
Deutsche Annington Acquisition Holding 
GmbH 
550.0 
461.8 
2024

--- Page 149 ---
149 
*) Taken or derived from the Issuer's accounting records or internal management reporting system, respectively. 
In addition to the larger loans, Vonovia has senior loans outstanding in an aggregate amount of EUR 5.6 billion under 
approximately 4,500 loan agreements (which comprised commercial loans in an aggregate amount of approximately 
EUR 3.4 billion and subsidized loans in an aggregate amount of approximately EUR 2.2 billion as of 31 December 2020). 
Working Capital Facilities 
On 5 October 2018, Vonovia Finance B.V., a subsidiary of the Issuer, as borrower and the Issuer as guarantor entered into an 
agreement for a revolving working capital facility of EUR 1 billion with Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as coordinator and 
several other financial institutions as arrangers. Vonovia may use the facility as a money market loan to finance the Group's 
working capital requirements. The facility agreement had an initial term of three years which was extended by one year. 
The agreement provides for extraordinary termination rights of the lenders, inter alia, in case that the Group no longer satisfies 
the requirements of certain financial covenants. 
Commercial Paper Programme 
On 3 November 2017, Vonovia Finance B.V. and the Issuer entered into a general agreement with Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft as arranger and several international banking institutions as dealers regarding the establishment of a 
EUR 500 million multi-currency commercial paper programme (the "CP Programme"). Under the CP Programme Vonovia 
Finance B.V. may, from time to time, issue senior notes denominated in various currencies with a maturity of no more than 
364 days. The payment obligations of Vonovia Finance B.V. under all notes issued pursuant to the CP Programme are 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer. On 21 September 2018, the programme amount of the CP 
Programme was increased to EUR 1 billion. As of 31 December 2020, no notes were outstanding under the CP Programme. 
Other Material Agreements 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other material agreements which could result in any member of the Group 
being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Description of the Governing Bodies of the Issuer 
The Issuer has a dualistic management structure, which assigns management of the company to the Management Board 
(Vorstand) and supervision of the Management Board to the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat).  
All members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board may be reached at the Issuer's office at Universitätsstraße 
133, 44803 Bochum, Germany (tel. +49 (0) 234 314 0). 
Management Board 
Under the Articles of Association, the management board of the Issuer (the "Management Board") must consist of at least 
two persons, and the supervisory board of the Issuer (the "Supervisory Board") determines the exact number of the members 
of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board appoints members of the Management Board for a period not exceeding 
six years. The Supervisory Board may appoint a chairperson of the Management Board as well as a deputy chairperson of the 
Management Board. Currently, the Management Board consists of four members, with Rolf Buch appointed as chairman.  
The table below lists the members of the Issuer's Management Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Member since 
Principal Outside Board Memberships 
Rolf Buch 
Chief Executive Officer 
2013 
• 
Kötter Unternehmensgruppe 
(member of the council of 
shareholders' committee)(2) 
Arnd Fittkau 
Chief Rental Officer 
2019 
• 
STEAG Fernwärme GmbH 
(member of the advisory board)(2)

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Name 
Position 
Member since 
Principal Outside Board Memberships 
Helene von Roeder 
Chief Financial Officer 
2018 
• 
AVW Versicherungsmakler 
GmbH (member of the 
supervisory board)(2); 
• 
E. Merck KG (member of the 
council of shareholders)(2); 
• 
Merck KGaA (member of the 
supervisory board)(1); 
• 
Vonovia Finance B.V. (member 
of the supervisory board)(2), (3) 
Daniel Riedl 
Chief Development Officer 
2018 
- 
(1) Supervisory board mandates in accordance with section 100 (2) of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Membership in comparable German and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises. 
(3) Other Group bodies. 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the members of the Management Board vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and their private interests, membership in governing bodies of companies, or other obligations. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association and Articles 40(3) and 9(1) lit. c(i) of the SE-Regulation (SE-Verordnung) 
together with section 17 of the SE Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz) and section 95 of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the Supervisory Board consists of twelve members.  
All members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the Issuer's general shareholders' meeting.  
The table below lists the members of the Issuer's Supervisory Board as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Name 
Principal occupation outside of 
Vonovia 
Member since 
Memberships on other Supervisory 
Boards or in comparable domestic and 
foreign Controlling Bodies 
Jürgen Fitschen 
Chairman 
Senior Advisor at Deutsche Bank AG 2018 
• 
CURA Vermögensverwaltung 
GmbH & Co. KG (member of the 
administrative board)(2); 
• 
Syntellix AG (member of the 
supervisory board)(2). 
Prof. Dr. Edgar 
Ernst 
Deputy Chairman 
President of the German Financial 
Reporting Enforcement Panel 
2013 
• 
METRO AG (member of the 
supervisory board)(1); 
• 
TUI AG (member of the 
supervisory board)(1) 
Burkhard Ulrich 
Drescher 
Managing Director of Innovation 
City Management GmbH 
2014 
• 
STEAG Fernwärme GmbH 
(member of the advisory board)(2)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Name 
Principal occupation outside of 
Vonovia 
Member since 
Memberships on other Supervisory 
Boards or in comparable domestic and 
foreign Controlling Bodies 
Vitus Eckert 
Attorney, Shareholder and Managing 
Director of Eckert Fries Prokopp 
Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
2018 
• 
STANDARD Medien AG, 
Vienna (chairman of the 
supervisory board)(2); 
• 
S. Spitz GmbH, Attnang (deputy 
chairman of the supervisory 
board)(2); 
• 
Vitalis Food Vertriebs-GmbH, 
Linz (chairman of the supervisory 
board, affiliated with S. Spitz 
GmbH)(2); 
• 
Simacek Holding GmbH 
(chairman of the supervisory 
board)(2); 
• 
Simacek Facility Management 
Group GmbH (chairman of the 
supervisory board, affiliated with 
Simacek Holding GmbH)(2) 
Dr. Florian Funck 
Member of the Management Board 
of Franz Haniel & Cie. GmbH 
2014 
• 
CECONOMY AG (member of 
the supervisory board)(1); 
• 
TAKKT AG (chairman of the 
supervisory board)(3) 
Dr. Ute Geipel-
Faber 
Self-employed management 
consultant 
2015 
• 
Bayerische Landesbank (member 
of the supervisory board)(1) 
Daniel Just 
Chairman of Bayerische 
Versorgungskammer 
2015 
• 
DWS Grundbesitz GmbH 
(1st deputy chairman of the 
supervisory board)(2); 
• 
Universal Investment GmbH 
(member of the supervisory 
board)(2); 
• 
GLL Real Estate Partner GmbH 
(member of the supervisory 
board)(2) 
Hildegard Müller 
President of the German Association 
of the Automotive Industry (VDA) 
2013 
• 
Siemens Energy AG (member of 
the supervisory board)(1); 
• 
Siemens Energy Management 
GmbH (member of the 
supervisory board, affiliated with 
Siemens Energy AG)(2); 
• 
RAG-Foundation (member of the 
board of trustees)(2) 
Prof. Dr. Klaus 
Rauscher 
Self-employed management 
consultant 
2008 
• 
Innogy SE (member of the 
supervisory board)(1) 
Dr. Ariane Reinhart 
Member of the Management Board 
of Continental AG 
2016 
-

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Name 
Principal occupation outside of 
Vonovia 
Member since 
Memberships on other Supervisory 
Boards or in comparable domestic and 
foreign Controlling Bodies 
Clara-Christina 
Streit 
Self-employed management 
consultant 
2013 
• 
NN Group N.V. (member of the 
supervisory board)(2); 
• 
Jerónimo Martins SGPS, S.A. 
(member of the administrative 
board)(2); 
• 
Vontobel Holding AG (member 
of the administrative board)(2); 
• 
Deutsche Börse AG (member of 
the supervisory board)(1) 
Christian Ulbrich 
Global CEO & President Jones Lang 
LaSalle Incorporated 
2014 
- 
(1) Supervisory board mandates in accordance with section 100 (2) of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Membership in comparable German and foreign supervisory bodies of commercial enterprises. 
(3) Exempted Group mandates in accordance with section 100 (2) no. 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
There are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the members of the Supervisory Board vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and their private interests, membership in governing bodies of companies, or other obligations. 
Supervisory Board Committees 
Under the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board may form committees from among its members.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has formed the following committees: 
• 
the Audit Committee (Chairperson: Prof. Dr. Edgar Ernst); 
• 
the Executive and Nomination Committee (Chairperson: Jürgen Fitschen); and 
• 
the Finance Committee (Chairperson: Clara-Christina Streit). 
Other committees may be formed, if necessary. The Supervisory Board's decision-making authority may be delegated to these 
committees to the extent permitted by law.  
Corporate Governance 
The German Corporate Governance Code, as amended on 16 December 2019, (the "Code") makes proposals concerning the 
management and supervision of German listed companies. It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards 
of good, responsible governance. The Code contains recommendations ("shall provisions") and suggestions ("should 
provisions") for corporate governance in relation to shareholders and the general shareholders' meeting, the management board 
and the supervisory board, transparency and accounting and auditing of financial statements. The Code's recommendations or 
suggestions are not obligatory, although deviations from the recommendations (but not from the suggestions) are required to 
be published by the management board and the supervisory board of listed companies in an annual announcement pursuant to 
section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). This announcement regards whether or not the 
recommendations in the Code were complied with and are complied with, or explains which recommendations have not been 
complied with and are not being applied and the reasons underlying this non-compliance (Entsprechenserklärung). The 
declaration of compliance regarding the Code must be publicly available on the Issuer's website at all times (see 
https://investoren.vonovia.de/). The current version of the Code was adopted on 16 December 2019 and published in the 
German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 20 March 2020 (the "2020 Code"). The previous version of the Code was 
adopted on 7 February 2017 and published in the German Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 24 April 2017 (the "2017 
Code"). 
Since the listing of the shares of the Issuer on the regulated market segment (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) with simultaneous admission to the sub segment of the regulated market with 
additional post admission obligations (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) in 
July 2013, the Issuer is obligated to issue a declaration relating to the Code.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
The Issuer currently complies with and intends to further comply with all recommendations in the Code with the following 
two exceptions: 
According to G.13 sentence 1 of the 2020 Code, any payments made to a Management Board member due to early termination 
of their Management Board activity shall not exceed twice the annual remuneration (severance cap) and shall not constitute 
remuneration for more than the remaining term of the employment contract. Section 4.2.3 para. 5 of the 2017 Code 
recommended that benefit commitments made in connection with the early termination of a Management Board member’s 
activity due to a change of control shall not exceed 150% of the severance cap. The 2020 Code no longer specifies an express 
payment recommendation upon a change of control. It is unclear whether the general recommendation on severance payment 
in G.13 sentence 1 of the 2020 Code should be applicable in this respect. In most instances, the existing Management Board 
employment contracts already comply with the general recommendation in G.13 sentence 1 of the 2020 Code. However, when 
extending existing contracts and concluding future contracts, the Supervisory Board reserves the right to conclude them in 
such a way that they comply with the recommendation made in Section 4.2.3 para. 5 of the 2017 Code, so that it can consider 
any grandfathering rights as well as any specific circumstances of individual cases. As a safeguard, we hereby declare that 
Vonovia SE will not comply with G.13 sentence 1 of the 2020 Code. 
G.13 sentence 2 of the 2020 Code specifies that, if post-contractual non-compete clauses apply, the severance payments shall 
be taken into account in the calculation of any compensation payments. Even before the 2020 Code came into force, post-
contractual non-compete clauses were agreed with individual members of the Management Board in a way that does not 
provide for such an offset regulation. When extending existing contracts and concluding future contracts, the Supervisory 
Board reserves the right to decide on a case-by-case basis whether to offset severance payments against compensation 
payments; this may be required in the interest of flexibility and/or due to grandfathering rights. We therefore declare that 
Vonovia SE will not comply with the recommendation in G.13 sentence 2 of the 2020 Code. 
Recent developments 
There were no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's 
solvency. 
Trend information and significant changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Selected Consolidated Financial Information for the Issuer 
The following selected historical financial information for the Group is based on the audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements") all of which 
are reproduced elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and should be read together with them. The 
Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as 
adopted in the European Union. The Consolidated Financial Statements were audited by KPMG and issued in each case with 
an unqualified auditor's report. The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared using the cost summary method.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Consolidated income statement data 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Income from property management 
3,147.1  
2,910.7 
Profit on disposal of properties 
182.1  
128.8 
Profit on the disposal of properties (Development) 
61.8  
52.2 
Net income from fair value adjustments of investment properties 
3,719.8  
4,131.5 
Capitalized internal expenses 
659.4  
687.2 
Cost of materials 
(1,493.4)  
(1,463.0) 
Personnel expenses 
(594.9)  
(535.7) 
Depreciation and amortization 
(92.3)  
(2,175.8) 
Other operating income 
163.0  
105.7 
Impairment losses on financial assets 
(40.0)  
(28.6) 
Gains resulting from the derecognition of financial assets 
measured at amortized cost 
0.0 
 
5.2 
Other operating expenses 
(278.8)  
(295.3) 
Net income from investments accounted for using the equity 
method 
2.7 
 
0.6 
Interest income  
21.9  
8.9 
Interest expenses  
(411.4)  
(417.5) 
Other financial result  
(32.6)  
24.0 
Earnings before tax 
5,014.4  
3,138.9 
Income taxes 
(1,674.4)  
(1,844.6) 
Profit for the period 
3,340.0  
1,294.3 
Consolidated balance sheet data 
As of December 31, 2020  As of December 31, 2019 (1) 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Total non-current assets 
60,632.0  
55,045.1 
Total current assets 
1,785.4  
1,431.0 
Total assets 
62,417.4  
56,476.1 
Total equity attributable to Issuer's shareholders 
23,143.9  
19,308.3 
Total equity attributable to the hybrid capital investors 
1,001.6  
1,001.6 
Total equity attributable to the Issuer's shareholders and hybrid 
capital investors 
24,145.5 
 
20,309.9 
Non-controlling interests 
686.3  
813.9 
Total equity 
24,831.8  
21,123.8 
Total non-current liabilities 
34,669.8  
31,762.1 
Total current liabilities 
2,915.8  
3,590.2 
Total liabilities 
37,585.6  
35,352.3 
Total equity and liabilities 
62,417.4  
56,476.1 
(1) Adjusted as a result of the total consideration for the acquisition of Hembla and its allocation with definitive effect as of 30 June 2020 (see explanatory 
information in Note "Adjustment to Prior-Year Figures" to the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2020).

--- Page 155 ---
155 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issuance of Notes under the Programme 
will be used for general corporate and financing purposes of the Group. These general corporate and financial purposes may 
include, among other things, the refinancing of existing indebtedness, acquisitions, the underpinning of pension obligations 
and general working capital requirements. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme may be used to 
finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Green Projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in 
the Green Bond Framework. Additional information on the Green Bond Framework is available on the website of Vonovia 
(https://investoren.vonovia.de/).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may 
be distributed by way of offers to the public pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche 
of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated 11 March 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") which sets 
out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the Programme, may from time to time be agreed to be 
purchased by any one or more Dealers from the Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and 
the commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about 
the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in 
the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State ("Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required

--- Page 160 ---
160 
to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, 
or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation 
(which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a 
trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an 
accredited investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and the 
rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may 
be, publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes.  
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the 
Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of Vonovia and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for Vonovia and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board (Vorstand) and Supervisory 
Board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer on 25 September 2013. 
The latest increase of the Programme amount to EUR 20,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer on 5 March 2018 and of the Management Board of the Issuer on 26 February 2018. 
The latest increase of the Programme amount to EUR 30,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer on 22 June 2020 and of the Management Board of the Issuer on 19 June 2020. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board of the Issuer on 13 January 2021. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of the Issuer regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are set 
out in each Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Germany ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be (i) deposited 
with either Clearstream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer

--- Page 162 ---
162 
debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the International Central Securities Depositories (the "ICSDs"). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 5299005A2ZEP6AP7KM81. 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the 
Programme is entitled to use the Base Prospectus in Luxembourg, Germany and/or The Netherlands for the subsequent resale 
or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that the Base 
Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must 
make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the further 
financial intermediary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of 
that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the 
Base Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding, electronic versions of the following documents are 
available on the Issuer's website: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
"https://investoren.vonovia.de/creditor-relations/bonds/"); 
(ii) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
"https://investoren.vonovia.de/corporate-governance/articles-of-association/"); and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out 
in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of Vonovia (www.vonovia.de). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant 
to § 13 of the Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Expert’s Reports 
Valuation Report Germany and Austria 
The condensed valuation report of the determination of fair value of Vonovia's German and Austrian portfolio as at 
31 December 2020 (the "Valuation Report Germany and Austria") incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus was 
prepared by CBRE GmbH, Große Gallusstraße 18, 60312 Frankfurt, Germany ("CBRE").

--- Page 163 ---
163 
CBRE has prepared the Valuation Report Germany and Austria as an external valuer. CBRE has confirmed that that it is not 
aware of any actual or potential conflict of interest that might have influenced its independent status. CBRE has no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
The determination of fair value in the Valuation Report Germany and Austria was carried out by CBRE in accordance with 
IFRS, the International Standards for the Valuation of Real Estate for Investment Purposes and the RICS Valuation – Global 
Standards (Red Book) of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 
There has been no material change in the valuation of Vonovia's German and Austrian portfolio since 31 December 2020 (date 
of valuation in the Valuation Report Germany and Austria). 
Valuation Report Sweden 
The condensed valuation report of the determination of fair value of Vonovia's Sweden portfolio as at 31 December 2020 (the 
"Valuation Report Sweden") incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus was prepared by Savills Sweden AB, 
Regeringsgatan 48, 111 56 Stockholm, Sweden ("Savills"). 
Savills has prepared the Valuation Report Sweden as an external valuer. Savills has confirmed that that it is not aware of any 
actual or potential conflict of interest that might have influenced its independent status. Savills has no material interest in the 
Issuer. 
The determination of fair value in the Valuation Report Sweden was carried out by Savills in accordance with IFRS, the 
International Standards for the Valuation of Real Estate for Investment Purposes and the RICS Valuation – Global Standards 
(Red Book) of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. 
There has been no material change in the valuation of Vonovia's Sweden portfolio since 31 December 2020 (date of valuation 
in the Valuation Report Sweden). 
General 
Both the Valuation Report Germany and Austria and the Valuation Report Sweden have been produced at the Issuer’s request. 
The Issuer, CBRE and Savills, respectively, have authorised the incorporation of the Valuation Report Germany and Austria 
and the Valuation Report Sweden, as applicable, by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
the Annual Report 2020 of the Issuer (the "Vonovia SE Annual Report 2020"), containing the English language 
translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Vonovia SE as of and for 
the year ended December 31, 2020 and the independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2019 of the Issuer (the "Vonovia SE Annual Report 2019"), containing the English language 
translation of the respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Vonovia SE as of and for 
the year ended December 31, 2019 and the independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; 
(iii) 
the Valuation Report Germany and Austria as at 31 December 2020 prepared by CBRE; and 
(iv) 
the Valuation Report Sweden as at 31 December 2020 prepared by Savills. 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the 
investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Extracted from: Vonovia SE Annual Report 2020 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 142 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 143 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .................................................................................................. 
pages 144 - 145 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ....................................................................................... 
pages 146 - 147 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
pages 148 - 149 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 150 - 231 
List of Vonovia's shareholdings ............................................................................................ 
pages 234 - 248 
Independent Auditor's Report ............................................................................................... 
pages 252 - 260 
(ii) 
Extracted from: Vonovia SE Annual Report 2019 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 140 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 141 
Consolidated Balance Sheet .................................................................................................. 
pages 142 - 143 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ....................................................................................... 
pages 144 - 145 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
pages 146 - 147 
Notes ..................................................................................................................................... 
pages 148 - 231 
List of Vonovia's shareholdings ............................................................................................ 
pages 234 - 248 
Independent Auditor's Report ............................................................................................... 
pages 252 - 258

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(iii) 
Valuation Report Germany and Austria 
Market Instability .................................................................................................................. 
page V2 
Summary of Valuation Conclusions ..................................................................................... 
pages V3 – V4 
Basis of Valuation ................................................................................................................. 
pages V7 – V10 
Asset Holdings - Germany .................................................................................................... 
pages V11 – V15 
Asset Holdings - Abroad ....................................................................................................... 
pages V16 – V18 
Explanation of Valuation ...................................................................................................... 
pages V19 – V41 
Valuation Conclusions .......................................................................................................... 
pages V42 – V45 
Valuation Key Definitions .................................................................................................... 
page V46 – V47 
(iv) 
Valuation Report Sweden 
Summary Overview .............................................................................................................. 
pages V1 – V4 
Instructions and Sources of Information ............................................................................... 
pages V5 – V10 
Portfolio Overview ................................................................................................................ 
pages V11 – V14 
Valuation Considerations ...................................................................................................... 
pages V15 – V21 
Valuation Results .................................................................................................................. 
pages V22 – V23 
General Valuation Assumptions and Applied Definitions .................................................... 
pages V24 – V34 
All of these pages shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of Vonovia 
(https://www.vonovia.de) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Vonovia SE Annual Report 2020 
 
https://investors.vonovia.de/2020/annual-report 
2. 
Vonovia SE Annual Report 2019 
 
https://investors.vonovia.de/2019/annual-report 
3. 
Valuation Report Germany and Austria 
 
https://investors.vonovia.de/creditor-relations/valuation-report-germany-austria  
4. 
Valuation Report Sweden 
 
https://investors.vonovia.de/creditor-relations/valuation-report-sweden

--- Page 166 ---
166 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Vonovia SE 
Universitätsstraße 133 
44803 Bochum 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Tersteegenstr. 19-23 
40474 Düsseldorf 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany