--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
for Tracker Certificates 
and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates 
of Vontobel Financial Products GmbH 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
dated 4 June 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates 
dated 4 June 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Vontobel Financial Products GmbH 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
(the "Issuer") 
 
 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG 
Munich, Germany 
(the "Offeror") 
 
 
Vontobel Holding AG 
Zurich, Switzerland 
(the "Guarantor") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus wil no longer be valid with the expiry of 4 June 2022. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
from time to time (the "Securities Act"), and will include Securities in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, at any 
time, within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act or under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986).

--- Page 4 ---
4/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Table of Contents 
1. General Description of the Program 
7 
1.1 Subject to this Base Prospectus 
7 
1.2 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantor 
7 
1.3 Information about Offeror and financial intermediaries 
7 
1.4 Information about the Securities to be offered 
7 
1.5 Overview of the Issue, Initial Offer and Trading 
8 
1.6 Public offer of Securities 
8 
1.7 Resumption of the Public Offer of Securities 
8 
1.8 General Information 
9 
2. Risk Factors 
10 
2.1 Risks in connection with the Issuer 
11 
2.2 Risks in connection with the Guarantors 
11 
2.3 Risks in connection with the Securities 
11 
2.3.1 Risks resulting from the payment profile of the Securities 
11 
a) Risk relating to the level of the Cash Amount at maturity for Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) 
and Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3) 
11 
b) Risks relating to the level of the Cash Amount upon exercise by the Security Holder or termination 
by the Issuer for Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4) 
12 
2.3.2 Risks resulting from the conditions of the Securities 
12 
2.3.3 Risks in connection with the investment in, the holding and selling of the Securities and in 
connection with specific client objective and needs 
15 
2.3.4 Risks in connection with the price determination for the Securities and in connection with 
potential conflicts of interest 
17 
2.3.5 Risks in connection with the Underlyings 
21 
a) Risks in the case of shares, securities representing shares and other dividend-bearing securities 
as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
21 
b) Risks in the case of Indices as Underlyings or Basket Constituent 
23 
c) Risks in the case of bonds as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
28 
d) Risks in the case of exchange rates as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
28 
e) Risks in the case of commodities as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
28 
f) Risks in the case of futures and interest rate futures as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
29 
g) Risks in the case of interest rates as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
31 
h) Risks in the case of investment units as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
31 
i) Risks relating to virtual currencies as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
32 
j) Risks relating to baskets as an underlying 
35 
2.3.6 Risks which apply to all or several Underlyings 
37 
3. Information about the Issuer 
39 
4. Information about the Guarantor 
40 
5. Important Information 
41 
5.1 Persons responsible 
41 
5.2 Interests of other persons involved in the issue and conflicts of interest 
41 
5.3 Reasons for the offer and intention to generate profit 
41 
5.4 Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
41 
5.5 Conditions of the offer 
42 
5.6 Stock exchange listing, trading in the Securities, pricing 
43 
5.7 Costs and charges 
44 
5.8 Note on currency references 
45 
5.9 Approval by the competent authority 
45 
5.10 Form of the Base Prospectus and publication 
45 
5.11 Additional disclosures 
46

--- Page 5 ---
5/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
6. Information about the Securities to be offered 
47 
6.1 Form of the Securities 
47 
6.2 General description of the Securities 
49 
6.3 Description of the rights 
50 
6.4 Operation of the Securities 
50 
6.4.1 General information applicable to all products 
50 
6.4.2 Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) and Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3) 
(with a finite term) 
52 
6.4.3 Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) and Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to 
baskets (Product No. 4) 
53 
6.4.4 Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM) 
55 
6.5 General description of the underlying 
57 
6.5.1 General 
57 
6.5.2 Proprietary indices 
59 
6.5.3 Proprietary baskets 
64 
6.5.4 Inclusion of further or amendment or deletion of proprietary indices or proprietary baskets 
66 
6.6 Increase of Securities 
67 
6.7 Yield over the term 
67 
6.8 Aspects relating to public offers of the Securities 
67 
6.9 Aspects relating to specific client objective and needs, such as a green or sustainable investment 68 
6.10 Continuation of the Public Offer 
68 
7. Terms and Conditions 
70 
7.1 General Conditions 
70 
Section 1 Security Right, Status, Guarantee 
70 
Section 2 Definitions 
71 
Section 3 Redemption, Maturity 
73 
Section 4 Exercise Right of the Security Holder 
74 
Section 5 Ordinary Termination of the Securities by the Issuer 
75 
Section 6 Adjustments, Extraordinary Termination of the Securities by the Issuer 
75 
Section 6a Cash distributions 
90 
Section 7 Market Disruption Event 
90 
Section 8 Governing Law, Form of Securities, Central Securities Depository, Clearing System, 
Transferability 
92 
Section 9 Calculation Agent(s), Paying Agent(s) 
96 
Section 10 Settlement 
96 
Section 11 Replacement of the Issuer 
98 
Section 12 Notices 
98 
Section 13 Partial Redemption, Interest, Bonus Payments 
99 
Section 14 Increase of Issue, Repurchase of Securities 
102 
Section 15 Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM) 
102 
Section 16 Presentation Period and Statute of Limitations 
104 
Section 17 Miscellaneous 
105 
Section 18 Severability 
106 
7.2 Product Conditions 
107 
7.2.1 Product Conditions for Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) 
107 
7.2.2 Product Conditions for Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) 
118 
7.2.3 Product Conditions for Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3) 
129 
7.2.4 Product Conditions for Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4) 
139 
8. Guarantee 
149 
9. Form of Final Terms 
150 
10. Information incorporated by reference 
157 
10.1 Information incorporated by reference regarding Vontobel Financial Products GmbH (Issuer) 
157

--- Page 6 ---
6/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
10.2 Information incorporated by reference regarding Vontobel Holding AG (Guarantor) 
160 
10.3 Other information incorporated by reference 
163 
10.4 Hyperlink to the respective document 
166 
11. Description of the taxation of the Securities 
170 
11.1 General description 
170 
11.2 Description of the taxation in connection with the U.S. withholding tax pursuant to section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
170 
12. Selling restrictions 
171 
12.1 Introduction 
171 
12.2 European Economic Area 
171 
12.3 Belgium 
171 
12.4 Denmark 
172 
12.5 Finland 
172 
12.6 France 
172 
12.7 Italy 
172 
12.8 The Netherlands 
173 
12.9 Norway 
174 
12.10 Slovakia 
174 
12.11 Sweden 
174 
12.12 Restrictions outside the EEA 
174 
12.13 Switzerland 
174 
12.14 United Kingdom 
174 
12.15 USA 
175 
12.16 Hong Kong 
175 
12.17 Singapore 
175 
13. List of Vontobel Strategy Indices and Dynamic Baskets 
177 
14. List of Securities with a continuation of the public offer 
182

--- Page 7 ---
7/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
1. 
General Description of the Program 
The following information constitutes a general description of the offering programme pursuant to Article 
25(2)(b) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of the Commission of 14 March 2019 as amended 
from time to time (the "Delegated Regulation") and does not claim to be exhaustive.  
Full information about Vontobel Financial Products GmbH (the "Issuer"), Vontobel Holding AG (the 
"Guarantor") and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the information contained in (i) the registration document of the Issuer 
and the registration document of the Guarantor which are incorporated by reference into the Base Pro-
spectus (see section 10 of the Base Prospectus), (ii) the respective final terms of the offer as drawn up 
in connection with the Securities (the "Final Terms") are read together with the summary for the indi-
vidual issue (the "Issue Specific Summary") and (iii) any supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto, the respective registration documents as well as 
the Final Terms for a particular issue are accessible by entry of the respective ISIN on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com. 
1.1 Subject to this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") in con-
junction with Article 15 and Annexes 14 and 17 of the Delegated Regulation. 
The base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") must be read together with the registration document of 
Vontobel Financial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 (as updated by supplements from time to time) 
(the "Registration Document of the Issuer"), which has been approved by the German Federal Finan-
cial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) (the "BaFin") and the reg-
istration document of Vontobel Holding AG dated 6 April 2021 (as updated by supplements from time to 
time) (the "Registration Document of the Guarantor"), which has been approved by the BaFin. 
The information in the Base Prospectus is supplemented, corrected or clarified by way of future supple-
ments under the conditions as laid out in Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Therefore, when in-
vesting in the Securities, an investor should take into account this Base Prospectus and any supple-
ments thereto, the respective registration documents as well as the Final Terms for a particular issue, 
which are accessible by entry of the respective ISIN on the website prospectus.vontobel.com. If the 
Securities issued under the Base Prospectus relate to an offer to the public, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Securities before the supplement is published shall have the 
right to withdraw their acceptances within three working days pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. If the Securities are acquired or subscribed through a financial intermediary, that financial 
intermediary will assist investors in exercising their right to withdraw acceptances. 
1.2 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Vontobel Financial Products GmbH is a company with limited liability (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung) incorporated under the laws of Germany. It has its seat in Frankfurt am Main. 
Vontobel Holding AG, a public limited company incorporated in Switzerland, is acting as Guarantor un-
der the Securities, if indicated in the respective Final Terms. It has its seat in Zurich. 
1.3 Information about Offeror and financial intermediaries 
The Securities issued by Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Bockenheimer Landstraße 24, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany, will be underwritten by Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zur-
ich, Switzerland, and offered by Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Alter Hof 5, 80331 Munich, Germany (the 
"Offeror").  
The issues of the Securities are made under a guarantee given by Vontobel Holding AG. The guarantee 
is available at the office of the Issuer, Bockenheimer Landstraße 24, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Ger-
many, during usual business hours. 
If and to the extent this is so expressed in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the Base Pro-
spectus is still valid according to Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer and the Offeror may 
consent to the use of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of Securities by financial intermediaries in relation to the offer state(s) during which the 
relevant offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Securities can be made. 
1.4 Information about the Securities to be offered 
The Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are issued in the form of Tracker Certificates, Open-
End Tracker Certificates, Tracker Certificates linked to baskets and Open-End Tracker Certificates

--- Page 8 ---
8/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
linked to baskets (the "Securities"). The Securities have the characteristic that the level of the settle-
ment amount and, if relevant, the time of the settlement and/or the amount depend on the development 
of the underlying. The Securities may be linked to shares, securities representing shares and other 
dividend-bearing securities, indices, bonds, exchange rates, commodities, futures, interest rate futures, 
interest rates, investment units or virtual currencies as Underlying. 
The following product structures can be issued under the Base Prospectus:  
Product No. 1 Tracker Certificates 
Product No. 2 Open-End Tracker Certificates 
Product No. 3 Tracker Certificates linked to baskets 
Product No. 4 Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets 
A detailed description of the individual product structures and their mechanism can be found in Section 
"6.4. Operation of the Securities" of the Base Prospectus. A detailed description of the risk factors as-
sociated with an investment in the Securities which are specific to the Securities and which the Issuer 
believes are material for an informed investment decision can be found in Section "2. Risk Factors" of 
the Base Prospectus.  
A detailed description of the risks associated with an investment in the Securities which are specific to 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and which the Issuer believes are material for an informed investment 
decision can be found in Section "1. Risk Factors" of the Registration Document of the Issuer, Section 
"1. Risk Factors" of the Registration Document of the Guarantor. The risk factors are divided into cate-
gories and sub-categories according to their nature, with the most significant risks being named first for 
each category and sub-category. The assessment of materiality was made by the issuer on the basis of 
the probability of their occurrence and the expected extent of their negative effects. The extent of the 
negative effects on the securities is described with reference to the amount of possible losses of the 
capital employed (including a possible total loss), the occurrence of additional costs or the limitation of 
income from the securities. The likelihood of the risks occurring and the extent of their negative effects 
also depends on the relevant Underlying, the relevant Final Terms and the circumstances prevailing at 
the date of the relevant Final Terms. 
1.5 Overview of the Issue, Initial Offer and Trading 
The Securities issued by the Issuer are offered by the Offeror to potential investors. 
For the securities, admission to trading on a (European) stock exchange of an EU Member State (i.e. 
on a regulated market) or an equivalent third country market (within the meaning of Article 25 of Directive 
2014/65/EU (MiFID II)) and/or trading system may be applied for. However, the securities may also be 
offered without being admitted to trading on a (European) stock exchange or an equivalent third country 
market and/or trading facility. 
1.6 Public offer of Securities 
The Securities issued under the Base Prospectus may be publicly offered during the relevant offer pe-
riod, as determined in the applicable Final Terms. This Base Prospectus will no longer be valid with the 
expiry of 4 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of signifi-
cant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Pro-
spectus is no longer valid. 
In the case of an offer period after the validity of the Base Prospectus, such public offer may be contin-
ued on the basis of one or more succeeding base prospectuses until the end of the respective offer 
period, to the extent such succeeding base prospectuses envisage a continuation of the public offer of 
the Securities. In this context, these Final Terms are, in each case, to be read in conjunction with the 
most recent Succeeding Base Prospectus. Such Base Prospectus will be published on the website 
https://prospectus.vontobel.com and is available by entering the respective ISIN. 
1.7 Resumption of the Public Offer of Securities 
A Public Offer of Securities that initially begun under one of the below mentioned base prospectuses, 
but which had already ended before the date of approval of this Base Prospectus or had been interrupted 
previously on one or more occasions, can be resumed under this Base Prospectus as described below 
("Resumption of Offer"). For the purpose of the Resumption of Offer, Final Terms are prepared in 
accordance with the Form of Final Terms in section "9. Form of Final Terms" of this Base Prospectus in 
order to resume the Public Offer of the respective Securities which were first publicly offered under the 
first Final Terms referred to in the Final Terms (the "First Final Terms") to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020, to the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019, the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 
or the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2017, as amended by any supplements (each a "First 
Base Prospectus"and together with the respective First Final Terms a "First Prospectus"), after the

--- Page 9 ---
9/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
expiry of the validity of the respective First Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions contained in 
the Final Terms prepared for the purpose of the Resumption of Offer will be prepared on the basis of 
the present Base Prospectus and shall solely be binding on investors.  
The Terms and Conditions contained in the First Final Terms are not relevant to the Resumption of 
Offer. The start of the Resumption of Offer will be specified in the respective Final Terms. The Final 
Terms will be made available at Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Bockenheimer Landstrasse 24, 
60323 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, for distribution free of charge and will be available on the Issuer's 
website https://prospectus.vontobel.com by entry of the respective ISIN.  
The (initial) issue price specified in the Terms and Conditions is solely a historical indicative price based 
on the market conditions at the date of the beginning of the Public Offer of the respective Securities in 
the past. The issue price of the Securities at the time of the Resumption of the Offer is determined on 
the date of the respective start of the Public Offer based on the particular market conditions and is 
published on this date on the website https://prospectus.vontobel.com by entry of the respective ISIN. 
1.8 General Information 
No one has the right to disseminate any information or make statements that are not included in the 
Base Prospectus in connection with the issue, sale and offering of the Securities. The Issuer, the 
Guarantors and the Offeror reject any liability for information from third parties that are not contained in 
the Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any supplements thereto nor the respective Final Terms shall 
constitute an offer or a solicitation to any person to buy any securities issued under the Base Prospectus 
and should not be construed as a recommendation of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Offeror to 
purchase securities. The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer and sale of Securities may 
be subject to legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession the Base 
Prospectus or Securities pass are obliged to inform themselves about and comply with such restrictions, 
in particular restrictions in connection with the distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Securities in the United States of America and the offer or sale of Securities in the member states of 
the European Economic Area. The Securities may only be offered or sold if all applicable securities laws 
and other provisions applicable in the jurisdiction in which the purchase, offer, sale or delivery of 
securities is intended or in which this Base Prospectus is distributed or held are complied with, and if all 
consents and approvals required under this jurisdiction for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery of 
securities have been obtained. The Issuer, the Guarantors and the Offeror make no representation as 
to the legality of the distribution of the Base Prospectus and assume no responsibility that the distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or a public offering is permissible. For further information on selling restrictions 
see section 12 of the Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors in the Securities are explicitly reminded that an investment in Securities 
entails financial risks. Holders of Securities are exposed to the risk of losing all (total loss) or 
part of the amount invested by them in the Securities. No-one should purchase the Securities 
without having detailed knowledge of their method of operation, the total costs involved and the 
related risks. Only those who are in no doubt about the risks and are financially able to bear the 
losses that may be associated with them should purchase these types of Securities. Potential 
investors should therefore carefully read the whole Base Prospectus, in particular the risks 
including any supplements thereto as well as the respective Final Terms, understand the terms 
and conditions of the issue in detail and assess the suitability of the relevant investment, in each 
case taking into account their own financial, tax and other circumstances. In cases of doubt 
potential investors should seek advice by a competent investment, legal or tax advisor.

--- Page 10 ---
10/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
2. 
Risk Factors 
The principal objective of this section is to protect potential purchasers of the securities issued under 
the Base Prospectus from investments that are not suitable for them, and to make investors aware of 
the related economic contexts that could result in significant changes in the value of the Securities. 
When making a decision about the purchase of the Securities, investors should carefully read the ma-
terial and specific risk factors relating to the Securities described below and the material and specific 
risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Guarantors described in the Registration Document of the 
Issuer and the Registration Document of the Guarantor , together with the other information contained 
in the Base Prospectus, understand the terms and conditions of the issue in detail and assess the suit-
ability of the relevant investment, in each case taking into account their own financial, tax and other 
circumstances. 
The occurrence of one or more of the risks described in the following may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus or on the ability to trade them in the 
secondary market, have a material negative impact on the business of Vontobel Financial Products 
GmbH (the "Issuer") and of Vontobel Holding AG in its capacity as guarantor (the "Guarantor") and 
have significant adverse effects on the assets and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The risk factors described below represent the material and specific risks associated with an investment 
in the securities, which  
• 
may affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the securities (see section "2.1 Risks 
in connection with the Issuer" on page 11 of this Base Prospectus), 
• 
may affect the respective Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the securities to in-
vestors (see section "2.2 Risks in connection with the Guarantors" on page 11 of this Base 
Prospectus); and  
• 
are of material importance for the assessment of the consequences of an investment in the 
securities (see section "2.3 Risks in connection with the Securities" on pages 11 et seq. of this 
Base Prospectus). 
The risk factors are divided into categories and sub-categories according to their nature, whereby reg-
ularly the two most material risk factors according to the Issuer's assessment are presented first in each 
category and sub-category. If more than two risks in a category or sub-category are considered to be 
the most material risks, they are identified at the beginning of the respective category or sub-category. 
The Issuer does not further differentiate the risks listed after the most material risk factors according to 
their materiality. 
The assessment of materiality was made by the issuer on the basis of the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected extent of their negative effects. The extent of the negative effects on the securities is 
described with reference to the amount of possible losses of the capital employed (including a possible 
total loss), the occurrence of additional costs or the limitation of income from the securities. 
The investment in the securities involves a high degree of risk and potential investors should 
note that, should one or more of the risks described below occur, this may result in a partial or 
even total loss of the capital invested (plus any costs incurred, such as custodian fees or bro-
kerage fees or stock exchange commissions), depending on the structure of the securities.  
References in the following to the "Terms and Conditions" refer to the "General Conditions" of the 
Base Prospectus together with the "Product Conditions" or – in case of an increase of the Securities 
which were issued initially under the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020, the base prospectus dated 
7 July 2019, the base prospectus dated 24 August 2018, the base prospectus dated 31 August 2017, 
the base prospectus dated 21 September 2016, the base prospectus dated 19 July 2016, the base pro-
spectus dated 1 December 2015 or the base prospectus dated 4 December 2014 – the "General Con-
ditions" which were included under each respective base prospectus, each in conjunction with the rel-
evant "Product Conditions" (the latter in the form they will take in the Final Terms). 
References in the following to "Securities" are intended to include all types (Tracker Certificates, Open 
End Tracker Certificates, Tracker Certificates linked to baskets and Open-End Tracker Certificates 
linked to baskets) and all forms (global certificate and intermediated securities) and all forms in which 
securities may be issued under the Base Prospectus. 
For the purposes of this section, the term "Underlying" includes, where applicable, the underlying as-
set(s) and the assets or Basket Constituents contained therein.

--- Page 11 ---
11/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
2.1 Risks in connection with the Issuer 
In this category, the risk factors as set out on page 4 of the Registration Document of the Issuer dated 
21 April 2021 approved by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Fi-
nanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) (the "BaFin") are hereby incorporated by reference into this Base Prospec-
tus. 
2.2 Risks in connection with the Guarantors 
In this category, the risk factors as set out on pages 4 to 5 of the Registration Document of the Guarantor 
dated 6 April 2021 approved by the BaFin are hereby incorporated by reference into this Base Prospec-
tus. 
2.3 Risks in connection with the Securities 
In this category, the risk factors in connection with the Securities are described. The risk factors are 
divided into six sub-categories depending on their nature (section "2.3.1 Risks resulting from the pay-
ment profile of the Securities", "2.3.2 Risks resulting from the conditions of the Securities", "2.3.3 Risks 
in connection with the investment in, the holding and selling of the Securities", "2.3.4 Risks in connection 
with the price determination for the Securities and in connection with potential conflicts of interest", "2.3.5 
Risks in connection with the Underlyings" and "2.3.6 Risks which apply to all or several Underlyings"). 
Should one or more of the risks described below materialise, this may result – depending on the 
structure of the Securities – in a partial or even a total loss of the invested capital paid by Security 
Holders to purchase the Securities. 
2.3.1 
Risks resulting from the payment profile of the Securities 
The terms and conditions of Securities provide for certain payment formulas and conditions for the indi-
vidual Securities and Underlying (the "Payment Profiles"). This sub-section describes the material and 
specific risks that arise with regard to the Payment Profiles of each product type. The cash amount 
and/or redemption amount is not fixed. It is only determined during the term or at maturity of the Secu-
rities on the basis of the Underlying. Accordingly, the risks arising from the Payment Profiles are de-
scribed separately for each product type. 
The Securities described in the Base Prospectus are tradable securities and give the respective holder 
of the Securities (the "Security Holder") (in accordance with the Final Terms of the Securities) the right 
to the payment of a cash amount (the "Cash Amount") by the Issuer. The rights of the respective Se-
curity Holders are governed by the Terms and Conditions, which are exclusively applicable. 
Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates are issued by the Issuer in the following product 
types: 
• 
Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1), 
• 
Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2), 
• 
Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3), and 
• 
Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4). 
a) Risk relating to the level of the Cash Amount at maturity for Tracker Certificates (Product 
No. 1) and Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3)  
In the case of Tracker Certificates, there is a risk that the Underlying may even lose considerable 
value and that the Security holder may consequently suffer a substantial loss of the principal 
amount paid. Even a total loss is possible. This is the case if the relevant price of the relevant 
Underlying falls so sharply that the relevant Underlying is worthless on the Valuation Date. In this case, 
the redemption amount is zero (0). On delivery of a Deliverable Asset, a total loss occurs if the value of 
the Deliverable Asset falls so sharply that it is worthless on delivery. 
If the redemption amount on the Maturity Date is lower than the principal amount paid, the Security 
holder suffers a loss. The more the price of the Underlying falls, the smaller the redemption amount.  
The characteristic feature of Tracker Certificates is that they reproduce the performance of the underly-
ing virtually 1:1, taking into account the other features of the Securities as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. Investors should note that any management fee, performance fee and/or Quanto fee 
(Quanto interest rate) will result in a divergence from the 1:1 replication of the performance of the un-
derlying.

--- Page 12 ---
12/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
b) Risks relating to the level of the Cash Amount upon exercise by the Security Holder or 
termination by the Issuer for Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) and Open-End 
Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4) 
As in the case of Tracker Certificates, there is a risk that the Underlying may even lose 
considerable value and that the Security holder may consequently suffer a substantial loss of 
the principal amount paid. Even a total loss is possible. This is the case if the relevant price of the 
relevant Underlying falls so sharply that the relevant Underlying is worthless on the Valuation Date. In 
this case, the redemption amount is zero (0). On delivery of a Deliverable Asset, a total loss occurs if 
the value of the Deliverable Asset falls so sharply that it is worthless on delivery. 
A further risk arises with Open-End Tracker Certificates from the fact that they have no maturity. 
Security holders must therefore sell their Open-End Tracker Certificates or exercise them on a 
specific date in order to realise their economic value. Securities holders bear the risk of missing 
a favourable time for the sale or exercise of their Open-End Tracker Certificates.  
If the redemption amount on the Maturity Date is lower than the principal amount paid, the Security 
holder suffers a loss. The more the price of the Underlying falls, the smaller the redemption amount.  
The characteristic feature of Tracker Certificates is that they reproduce the performance of the underly-
ing virtually 1:1, taking into account the other features of the Securities as specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. Investors should note that any management fee, performance fee and/or Quanto fee 
(Quanto interest rate) will result in a divergence from the 1:1 replication of the performance of the un-
derlying. In addition, the costs incurred by the issuer from the issue of the open-end participation certif-
icates are taken into account, which is done by regularly adjusting the subscription ratio. In this context, 
the security holder bears the risk that the performance of his open-end participation certificate may lag 
behind the performance of the underlying instrument. 
2.3.2 
Risks resulting from the conditions of the Securities 
In this sub-category, the material and specific risks resulting from the conditions of the Securities are 
described.  The most material risks are Currency risk (costs of exchange rate hedging, Quanto Struc-
ture), Risks in connection with adjustments, market disruptions, extraordinary termination, ordinary ter-
mination and settlement as well as – if described as applicable in the Final Terms – Risks relating to 
Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM). 
Currency risk (costs of exchange rate hedging, Quanto Structure) 
In the case of Securities without a Quanto Structure, Security Holders bear an additional risk of 
loss due to the exchange rate risk associated with the Underlying. 
Where the respective Underlying is denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than the settlement 
currency, the Issuer will specify in the Final Terms how conversion into the settlement currency will take 
place and whether the features of the Securities include a so-called Quanto Structure. The Issuer and/or 
Market Maker realizes this with a so-called Quantity-Adjusting Option, abbreviated Quanto ("Quanto 
Structure") and determines the exchange rate between the two currencies at the time of issue. This 
means for Securities with a Quanto Structure, the conversion from the currency of the Underlying into 
the trading currency of the Securities is therefore carried out at an exchange rate of 1:1. 
Potential investors should therefore be aware that an investment in the Securities may also involve 
exchange rate risks if the Securities are linked to one or more exchange rate(s) as the Underlying(s). 
Furthermore, the settlement currency of the Securities may be different from the investor's domestic 
currency or the currency in which an investor wishes to receive payments. 
The rates of exchange between currencies are determined by supply and demand on the international 
foreign exchange markets which are influenced by a variety of factors, such as speculative activity, 
general economic factors and interventions by central banks and government agencies or other political 
factors (including foreign exchange controls and restrictions). Exchange rate movements may have an 
effect on the value of the Securities and in relation to the amounts payable. The risks described above 
may intensify if the relevant currency is the currency of an emerging market. 
In the case of Securities without a Quanto Structure, the currency risk is as follows: 
If the reference price for the purposes of redemption or another payment is converted into the settlement 
currency at the applicable conversion rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the investor is 
exposed to a currency risk because the rate of exchange between the currency of the Underlying and 
the settlement currency on the date of the currency conversion for the purpose of redemption may be 
different from the rate of exchange at the date when the Securities were purchased.

--- Page 13 ---
13/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Changes in the rate of exchange between the currency of the Underlying and the settlement currency 
will already affect the value of the Securities during their term, since the bid and offer prices are quoted 
in the relevant settlement currency. 
Exchange rate movements may reduce the value of the Securities even if the price of the Underlying 
expressed in a foreign currency has performed positively from the investor's point of view since the date 
of purchase of the Securities. The investor's risk of loss is then not just linked to the performance of the 
Underlying on which the Security is based. An additional factor which must be noted is that the relevant 
exchange rate for the purposes of the currency conversion may change between the time at which the 
relevant price of the Underlying for the purpose of calculating the Cash Amount is determined and the 
time at which the relevant exchange rate is determined, with the result that a Cash Amount converted 
into the settlement currency may be reduced accordingly. 
In the case of Securities with a Quanto Structure, the following risk with respect to currency hedging 
applies: 
Hedging against currency risks using a Quanto Structure may prove to be unfavourable from the 
investor's point of view in hindsight if the – unhedged – exchange rate moves in a direction that 
is in principle beneficial for the investor, since the investor does not participate in that favourable 
development. 
Furthermore, the currency hedging usually involves costs that may invisibly be included in the issue 
price on top of the mathematical value of the securities. Thus, such costs may negatively affect the yield 
of the Securities (see also section "2.3.4 Risks in connection with the price determination for the Secu-
rities and potential conflicts of interest" of this Base Prospectus).  
Risks in connection with adjustments, market disruptions, extraordinary termination, ordinary termina-
tion and settlement 
Security Holders bear the risk that the Securities are adjusted or terminated. Furthermore, there 
is also the risk that the occurrence of a market disruption could reduce the value of the Securi-
ties. In addition, a market disruption may delay the redemption or repayment of the Securities. If 
the conditions of the Securities provide for extraordinary termination by the Issuer, the Security 
Holder bears a risk of loss as the termination amount equals the market price of the Securities 
which can be even zero. The Security Holder also bears the reinvestment risk in relation to the 
termination amount. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may make adjustments to take account of relevant 
changes or events relating to the respective Underlying. The nature of the adjustment and the method 
of implementing the adjustments depend on the particular Underlying and can therefore have varying 
consequences. In the case of those Securities without a finite term ("Open End") – i.e. the Open-End 
Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets with futures or interest rate 
futures as the Underlying – the Issuer is also entitled, for example, in the event of the expiry of the 
Underlying or of changes in the terms and conditions or principal contract features on which the Under-
lying is based, to replace it with another (possibly modified) Underlying. 
The objective of adjustments is to ensure as far as possible that the financial (theoretical) value of the 
Securities is the same before and after the occurrence of an adjustment event, and to preserve the 
financial relationship between the Security and the Underlying. If, in the reasonable discretion of the 
Issuer (for Securities governed by German law in accordance with sections 315, 317 BGB), this objec-
tive cannot be achieved by means of a sensible and reasonable adjustment, the Issuer also has the 
right in accordance with the Terms and Conditions to terminate the Securities extraordinarily and, thus, 
end the term of the Securities (early). In the event of adjustments with respect to an Underlying, the 
possibility cannot be excluded that the estimations on which the adjustment is based may prove with 
hindsight to be inaccurate, the adjustment may subsequently turn out to be disadvantageous for the 
investor, and the investor may find itself to be in a worse financial position than it was prior to the ad-
justment or would be as the result of a different adjustment. 
If the Issuer exercises its right of extraordinary termination, it is in this case not obligated to redeem the 
Securities by payment of the Cash Amount specified in the Terms and Conditions, but only to the extent 
of the market price determined at that time or of an amount determined in its reasonable discretion. This 
entails the risk that the amount payable may be significantly lower than the Cash Amount required to be 
determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and that, at the date of redemption of the 
Securities, the investment may show a (significantly) lower return than the return expected at the end of 
the term or in the case of the exercise of the Securities. In the most unfavourable case, the value of 
the redemption may even be zero (0), resulting in not just a partial loss of the capital invested, 
but a total loss.

--- Page 14 ---
14/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
It should also be taken into account in the case of an extraordinary termination the Security Holder bears 
the reinvestment risk. This means that it may only be able to reinvest the amount to be paid by the Issuer 
in the case of a termination on less favourable market terms than those existing when the Security was 
acquired. 
For the purpose of determining the appropriate market price in the event of extraordinary termination, 
the calculation agent may take a variety of market factors into account. In the case of Securities with a 
finite term linked to shares as the Underlying, the calculation of the extraordinary termination amount in 
the event of termination following a takeover offer can in principle be based on the price of the Underlying 
after the takeover offer has been announced, in accordance with the usual procedure on derivatives 
exchanges for determining the theoretical fair value, provided that the consideration consists entirely or 
mainly of cash. However, dividend expectations and the average implied volatility for the ten trading 
days preceding the announcement of a takeover offer, in particular, must also be taken into account 
("fair value method"). The fair value method ensures that the remaining time value of the Underlying 
option is taken into account. The Issuer may determine on the basis of specified parameters that a 
market disruption has occurred and/or is persisting. In this event there may be a delay in valuing the 
Securities in relation to the Underlyings, and this may affect the value of the Securities and/or delay the 
payment of the Cash Amount. 
Moreover, the respective Terms and Conditions also provide for the possibility of ordinary termination 
by the Issuer in the case of Open-End Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to 
baskets. While the Issuer will repay an amount in such cases that is calculated analogously to the Cash 
Amount, investors can nevertheless not assume that their Securities will have any value at that time or 
will be showing a positive return. In particular, investors cannot assume that the price of the Securities 
will develop in line with their expectations timely up to the termination date. Consequently, these Secu-
rities in particular are only suitable for investors capable of assessing the relevant risks and bearing 
corresponding losses. There is therefore a risk for investors with respect to the duration of their invest-
ment. Investors should also bear in mind in this connection that in the event of the ordinary termination 
of the Securities by the Issuer, exchange trading may end even before the termination date and off-
market trading generally ends at the latest at 12:00 p.m. (local time in Frankfurt am Main) on the termi-
nation date. 
In the case of adjustment events, market disruptions and extraordinary termination, the Issuer acts in 
its reasonable discretion (for Securities governed by German law in accordance with sections 315, 317 
BGB). It is not bound by actions or estimates of third parties in this regard. In certain cases specified in 
the Terms and Conditions (e.g. if a market disruption persists for a certain period) the Issuer can also 
determine certain prices in its reasonable discretion that are applicable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions for redemption. 
There is in principle no ordinary or extraordinary right of termination of the Security Holder – apart from 
the Security Holder's exercise right in accordance with the Terms and Conditions in the case of Open-
End Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets. 
Risks relating to Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM) 
Securities with TCM are collateralised by an agreement entered into by Bank Vontobel AG, Zurich, as 
collateral provider, SIX Repo AG, acting as a direct representative for and in the name of the Security 
Holder as collateral taker, SIX SIS AG, acting as custodian and collateral manager, and Vontobel Fi-
nancial Products GmbH as the Issuer (the "Framework Agreement").  
The collateral provider provides corresponding collateral. The collateral is pledged in favour of the in-
vestors, who are represented for this purpose by the collateral taker. The collateral is used for the pur-
pose of satisfying the liabilities of the Issuer to the investors in the event of insolvency or similar events 
(e.g. payment default, restructuring, liquidation etc.) or in the event of under-collateralisation. The col-
lateral is selected by the collateral provider and deposited with SIX SIS AG in a segregated TCM account 
and securities account in the name of the collateral provider. 
The costs of the TCM collateralisation (including the lending costs for the collateral required) are re-
flected in the pricing of the Securities and thus borne indirectly by the investors. 
If Bank Vontobel AG as the collateral provider fails to fulfil its obligations, the collateral will be liquidated 
by SIX SIS AG or a liquidator under the terms of the applicable legal regulations. 
If a liquidation event occurs, the collateral manager notifies the Security Holder of the maturity date for 
the liquidation event. Following the occurrence of a liquidation event in relation to a Security, the collat-
eral manager determines the liquidation value of that product as the last available current value prior to 
the occurrence of the liquidation event. This value is binding for the collateral provider and the Security 
Holders. The relevant current values form the basis for the claims of the Security Holders against the 
Issuer at the maturity of the products in accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement.

--- Page 15 ---
15/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Collateralisation eliminates the Issuer default risk only to the extent that the proceeds from the liquidation 
of collateral upon the occurrence of a liquidation event (less the costs of liquidation and payout) are able 
to cover the Security Holders' claims. The liquidation event also results in the (early) termination of the 
Securities. This entails the risk that the current value of the relevant Security may be significantly lower 
than the Cash Amount determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and that, at the date 
of the early redemption of the Securities, the investment may show a (significantly) lower return than the 
return expected at the end of the term or in the case of the exercise of the Securities. 
The Security Holder bears the following risks in particular:  
• 
the collateral provider may be unable to deliver the additional collateral required in the event that 
the value of the Securities rises or the value of the collateral falls;  
• 
SIX SIS AG may be unable to liquidate the collateral immediately in a liquidation event, because 
it is prevented from doing so by practical hindrances or the collateral has to be handed over to 
the executory authorities for liquidation;  
• 
the market risk associated with the collateral may result in insufficient liquidation proceeds or, in 
extraordinary circumstances, the collateral may lose its value entirely by the date of actual liqui-
dation;  
• 
maturity in accordance with the Framework Agreement of Securities in a foreign currency may 
generate losses for the Security Holder, because the current value (which is relevant for the Se-
curity Holder's claim against the Issuer) is determined in the foreign currency while the payment 
of the pro rata net liquidation proceeds (relevant for the extent to which the Security Holder's claim 
against the Issuer is extinguished) is made in Swiss francs;  
• 
the collateralisation may be challenged according to the laws governing debt enforcement and 
bankruptcy, so that the collateral cannot be liquidated for the benefit of the Security Holders in 
accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement. 
The costs arising in connection with the liquidation and payout (including taxes and levies as well as 
advisory fees) may be included in the pricing of a Security and will in any event be borne by the Security 
Holder. 
The pro rata net liquidation proceeds will be paid to the investors in a liquidation event by SIX SIS AG 
and by financial intermediaries along a payment chain. The investors bear the risk that any liquidation 
proceeds may be passed on only partially or not at all as a result of the insolvency of SIX SIS AG and/or 
of the financial intermediaries. The possible insolvency of SIX SIS AG and/or of the financial intermedi-
aries therefore constitutes a credit risk to which the investors are exposed in the case of a liquidation 
event. The payout to the investors may be delayed for practical or legal reasons.  
The maximum claim of an investor to satisfaction out of the net liquidation proceeds of the collateral is 
based on the sum of the current values of the investor's relevant Securities. If the calculation of the 
current value of a Security proves to be erroneous, the collateral provided for the product may be insuf-
ficient. 
2.3.3 
Risks in connection with the investment in, the holding and selling of the Securities and 
in connection with specific client objective and needs 
In this sub-category the material and specific risks in connection with the investment in, the holding and 
selling of the Securities and in connection with specific client objective and needs are described.  The 
most material risks are the market price risk as well as Risks in connection with trading in the Securities, 
liquidity risk. The Issuer does not further differentiate the risks listed after the most material risk factors 
according to their materiality. 
Market price risk 
Security Holders bears the risk that all of the positive and negative factors affecting an Underly-
ing may have a negative impact on the price of the Security and the Cash Amount under the 
Securities.  
Investors should be aware that the price of the Securities during their term may be significantly lower 
than the purchase price. 
The price of a Security depends primarily on the price of the respective Underlying to which it is linked, 
but does not normally mirror changes in the price of the Underlying exactly. All of the positive and neg-
ative factors affecting an Underlying are therefore also reflected in principle in the price of the Security. 
The following circumstances in particular may have an effect on the market price of the Securities, and 
individual market factors may be mutually reinforcing or may cancel each other out i.e. may demonstrate 
a certain correlation to each other:

--- Page 16 ---
16/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
• 
Change in the intensity of fluctuations in price of the Underlying (volatility) 
• 
Exchange rate movements 
• 
Remaining term of the Securities 
• 
General changes in interest rates 
• 
Development of dividend payments where the Underlying consists of shares or distributions on 
Underlyings generally 
• 
Distance of the Underlying or Basket Constituent from any relevant price thresholds 
• 
Changes in the creditworthiness or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer or the relevant Guar-
antor 
Risks in connection with trading in the Securities, liquidity risk 
Security Holders bear the risk that there is no liquid market for trading in the Securities. This 
means that Security Holders cannot sell the Securities at a specific time or at a specific price. 
Where indicated in the Final Terms, applications will be made to include the Securities or admit them to 
trading on a stock exchange. Even after the Securities have been included or admitted, their continued 
permanent admission cannot be guaranteed. If such inclusion or admission cannot be permanently 
maintained, it is possible that it will be significantly more difficult to purchase and sell the relevant Secu-
rities. Even if the Securities are included or admitted investors should note that this will not necessarily 
result in a high turnover in respect of the Securities. 
Trading on the stock exchanges and market segments specified is subject to numerous statutory re-
quirements and stock exchange rules and regulations. Investors should acquaint themselves with the 
regulations applicable on those exchanges and markets (such as the rules for cancelling trading trans-
actions not executed at correct market prices, known as mistrades) prior to making a purchase of the 
Securities. As an example, a mistrade can be considered in the case of an error in the technical system 
of the stock exchange, the market maker or online broker, in the case of an obvious error made while 
inputting a price or a limit for an order or in the case of a buy or sell price (so called quote) provided by 
the responsible party that was obviously not determined at a price justified by the market, though the 
price formed the basis for the transaction. The application is ruled by the responsible department in 
accordance with the applicable rules. In this context possible investors might risk that any trades will be 
void as a result of an application filed by another market participant. 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG or another entity as specified in the Final Terms will act as market maker for 
the Securities (the "Market Maker"). The Market Maker undertakes to provide bid and offer prices for 
the Securities pertaining to an issue subject to regular market conditions. However, the Market Maker 
is neither obliged towards the Security Holders to take over this function nor to maintain the function as 
market maker once assumed. 
The Market Maker might undertake towards certain exchanges, in accordance with the relevant rules of 
the exchange, to provide bid and offer prices with regard to a specific order or securities volumes 
(whereby such obligation (so called "Market Making") shall not apply in exceptional situations, such as 
technical breakdowns, special market situations, or the (temporary) sell-out of the issue). That obliga-
tion, however, will be only towards the relevant exchange. Third parties, including the Security Holders, 
are unable to derive any obligations of the Market Maker in this regard. This means that the Security 
Holders cannot rely on their ability to sell the Securities at a certain time or price. In particular, the Market 
Maker is not obliged to repurchase the Securities during their term. 
Even if market making activities take place at the beginning or during the term of the Securities, this 
does not mean that there will be market making activities for the full duration of the term of the Securities. 
For the aforesaid reasons, it cannot be guaranteed that a secondary market will develop with regard to 
the respective Securities that would provide the Security Holders with an opportunity to sell their Secu-
rities. The more restricted the secondary market, the more difficult it will be for the Security Holders to 
sell their Securities in the secondary market. Even if a secondary market develops, no prediction can 
be made about the price at which the Securities will be traded in the secondary market. 
The inclusion and/or admission of the Securities does not necessarily increase their liquidity. Pricing on 
the stock exchanges normally only takes place within the spreads of the bid and offer prices quoted by 
the Market Maker and the relevant stock exchange order will generally be executed directly or indirectly 
against the Market Maker. 
Potential investors must not assume that it will be possible to sell the Securities during their term and 
must be prepared to hold the Securities at least until the next exercise date to redeem the Securities in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions (by submitting an exercise notice).

--- Page 17 ---
17/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
A Security Holder must not assume, in the case of either on-market or off-market trading, that market 
participants other than the Market Maker will quote bid and offer prices for the Securities. Investors must 
expect bigger spreads between bid and offer prices determined by the Market Maker in the case of 
structured securities in comparison to shares. When purchasing or selling the Securities in the second-
ary market the spread has to be considered in exchange and off-exchange trading.  
Delays in determining prices or wider spreads may occur, in particular, in the case of market disruptions 
and system problems. System problems may include telephone problems, technical faults with the trad-
ing systems or power failures. Market disruptions occur in unusual market circumstances (e.g. excep-
tional market movements of the Underlying or in a Basket Constituent or special situations in the home 
market) or due to serious disturbances of the economic and political environment (such as terrorist 
attacks or a crash, i.e. a sharp fall in stock exchange prices within a short space of time). 
The issue size specified in the Final Terms corresponds to the maximum number of Securities being 
offered, but does not permit any conclusions to be drawn about the respective volume of Securities 
actually issued and deposited with the relevant central securities depository in accordance with the rules 
applicable in each case. This volume depends on the market conditions and may change during the 
term of the Securities. It should be noted that it is also not possible to draw any conclusions about the 
liquidity of the Securities in the secondary market on the basis of the issue size specified. 
Risks in connection with specific client objective and needs, such as a sustainable investment 
The Offeror, as the product manufacturer, defines the target market for a product, i.e. he identifies the 
client needs and characteristics with which he considers the product to be compatible (positive target 
market) and those with which it is incompatible (negative target market). The target market thus 
describes the requirements that a product places on the target client. The target market is defined 
individually and may include specific client objective and need such as "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" 
(Environmental, Social and Governance) or similar label. The target market may change during the term 
of the Security.  
The risk exists that the specific client objective does not meet the individual objectives and 
expectations or relevant investment criteria and guidelines of an investor. Potential investors 
should therefore independently and continuously assess the information related to specific 
client objectives and needs, such as the sustainability of the product, and determine for 
themselves whether an investment in the Security meets individual objectives and expectations 
or relevant investment criteria and guidelines.  
2.3.4 Risks in connection with the price determination for the Securities and in connection 
with potential conflicts of interest 
In this sub-category the material and specific risks in connection with the price determination for the 
Securities and in connection with potential conflicts of interest are described. The most material risks 
are the risk in connection with the price determination for the Securities as well as risks in connection 
with potential conflicts of interest. The Issuer does not further differentiate the risks listed after the most 
material risk factors according to their materiality. 
Risks in connection with the price determination for the Securities  
Security Holders bear the risk that there is no liquid market for trading in the Securities. This 
means that Security Holders cannot sell the Securities at a specific price. 
Investors should note that the issue price and the bid and offer price for the Securities quoted in the 
secondary market may include a premium over the original mathematical value of the Securities (so-
called fair value) that is not apparent to the investor. This so-called margin as well as the fair value of 
the Securities are determined by the Issuer and/or Market Maker in its own discretion on the basis of 
internal pricing models and a number of other factors. The determined, so-called margin may differ from 
premiums charged by other issuers or market makers for comparable securities. For the purpose of 
calculating the margin the following parameters are considered besides return: actuarial value of the 
Securities, price and volatility of the Underlying, supply and demand with regard to the Securities, costs 
for risk hedging and premium for risk assumption, costs for structuring and distribution of the Securities, 
commissions, if any, as well as license fees or management fees, if any.  
Some of these factors may not have a consistent effect on the price of the Securities based on the 
relevant pricing models for the duration of the term, but may be taken into account at the Market Maker's 
discretion at an earlier time in a pricing context. This might include inter alia the margin included in the 
Issue Price. 
For the aforesaid reasons, the prices provided by the Market Maker may deviate from the actuarial value 
of the Securities and/or the price to be expected from a commercial perspective, which would have 
formed in a liquid market at the relevant time in which several market makers acting independently of

--- Page 18 ---
18/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
each other provide prices. In addition, the Market Maker may change the method based on which it 
determines the prices provided by it at any time, e.g. by changing its pricing models or using other 
calculation models and/or increasing or reducing the bid/offer spread. 
If, during the opening hours of secondary trading in the Securities by the Market Maker and/or the open-
ing hours of the relevant exchanges on which the Securities are included and/or admitted, the Underlying 
is also traded on its home market, the price of such Underlying will be taken into account in the calcula-
tion of the Underlying and thus indirectly in the price calculation of the Securities. If, however, the home 
market of the Underlying is closed while the Securities are traded, the price of the Underlying must be 
estimated. If the price of any Underlying is estimated because its home market is closed, such an esti-
mate may turn out to be accurate or too high or too low within hours in the event that the home market 
starts trading in the Underlying. Accordingly, the prices provided by the Market Maker prior to the open-
ing of the relevant home market in respect of the Securities will then turn out to be too high or too low. 
Insofar as bid and offer prices for the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus are quoted also at 
times during which the home markets of the Underlying are closed, this risk may affect any of the Secu-
rities. The same risk occurs where Securities are traded on days during which the home market of the 
Underlying is closed due to a public holiday. 
Risks in connection with potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and other companies of the Vontobel Group may pursue interests that 
conflict with or do not take into account the interests of the Security Holders. This may be in 
connection with the exercise of other functions or in carrying out further transactions. Potential 
conflicts of interest may adversely affect the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount 
under the Securities. 
Pricing by Bank Vontobel Europe AG 
The prices for the Securities do not come about directly through supply and demand. This differentiates 
the pricing of securities from exchange trading, where prices are based on supply and demand. 
Companies in the Vontobel Group can also act as market makers for the underlying. 
Market making can significantly influence the price of the underlying. Market making can therefore also 
influence the value of the securities. The prices set by the market maker will not always correspond to 
the prices that would have formed in a liquid exchange trading. The bid and offer prices quoted by the 
market maker in the secondary market are determined on the basis of the fair value of the securities. 
The fair value depends amongst other things from the value of the underlying. In addition, an initial 
charge, which may be levied on the securities, is taken into account. In addition, fees and costs may be 
included that are due when the securities become due and are deducted from the cash amounts. These 
may be, for example, administrative, transaction or similar fees. 
Other factors may also influence pricing in the secondary market. These include the dividends or other 
income paid or expected for the underlying. 
The market maker sets the spread between bid and ask prices. Bid price is the price at which the market 
maker buys the securities. Ask price is the price at which he sells the securities. The spread depends 
on supply and demand for the securities as well as on certain yield aspects. Some costs are deducted 
when the securities are priced over the life of the securities. However, this does not always happen 
evenly over the term. Costs may be deducted in full from the fair value of the securities at an early stage 
as determined by the market maker. This also applies to a margin included in the issue price of the 
securities. Dividends and other income from the underlying may also be discounted at an earlier point 
in time. This is done on the basis of dividends expected for the entire term or a certain period of time. 
The prices quoted by the market maker may therefore differ materially from the fair or the economically 
expectable value of the securities. In addition, the market maker can change the method at any time, 
after which he sets the rates. For example, the market maker can increase or decrease the spread 
between bid and ask prices. 
When calculating the price of the Securities, the market maker considers the price of the Underlying or 
its components as follows: 
• 
If both the security and the underlying are traded, the following applies: The market maker 
considers the secondary market price of the underlying when pricing the securities. 
• 
If the security is traded even though the underlying is not traded, the following applies: The market 
maker estimates the price of the underlying when pricing the securities. Such a situation can 
occur, for example, in the following case: The security is traded on the stock exchange in Ger-
many. The US underlying (US Share) is not traded because the on the same day in the US is a 
public holiday.

--- Page 19 ---
19/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Exercise of other functions 
Companies of the Vontobel Group may also have a different function in relation to the securities, e.g., 
as calculation agent, index calculation agent, index sponsor, or participant in the selection process of a 
proprietary index or basket. Such a function may enable such Vontobel Group to determine the 
composition of the underlying or calculate its value. These functions may give rise to conflicts of interest 
in determining the prices of the Securities and other related findings, both among the relevant companies 
of the Vontobel Group and between these companies and the Security holders. 
There is a possibility that companies of the Vontobel Group may generate additional income by offering 
securities with bonds as an underlying or as part of the underlying. 
Further transactions 
Companies of the Vontobel Group may enter into transactions with respect to the underlying asset or 
its components. Such transactions may adversely affect the performance of the underlying. It may also 
adversely affect the value and / or tradability of the Securities. 
This includes the Issuer's business, which hedges its obligations under the Securities. The value of the 
Securities may be affected by the dissolution of part or all of such hedging transactions. 
Business relations 
The Issuer and other companies of the Vontobel Group may have business relations with the issuer of 
the underlying or its constituents. Such a business relationship can be achieved, for example, by: 
• 
the acquisition and disposal of financial instruments, 
• 
the brokering of transactions concerning the acquisition and disposal of financial instruments, 
• 
lending, 
• 
custody and administrative activities, 
• 
activities related to the management of risks, or 
• 
advisory and trading activities 
to be marked. This may adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
Information related to the underlying 
Companies of the Vontobel Group may own or obtain material, non-public information about the 
underlying or its components. For example, companies of the Vontobel Group may issue research 
reports relating to the underlying or its components. The companies of the Vontobel Group are not 
obliged to pass on such information to potential investors or Security holders, unless there are legal 
obligations. 
Risks in connection with the effect of hedging transactions by companies of the Vontobel Group 
The unwinding of hedging transactions undertaken by the Issuer when the Securities were 
issued may adversely affect payments under the Securities. 
During the normal course of business, the companies of the Vontobel Group trade in the instruments 
underlying the Securities, as well as in derivative products based on those Underlyings. In addition, the 
companies of the Vontobel Group protect themselves against the financial risks associated with the 
Securities by entering into off-market hedging transactions negotiated individually between two parties 
(over-the-counter ("OTC") hedging transactions) in the relevant Underlyings and/or in derivatives on the 
Underlyings. These activities performed by the companies of the Vontobel Group – in particular the 
hedging transactions linked to the Securities – may influence the price of the Underlyings and thus 
indirectly the value of the Securities. In particular, the possibility cannot be ruled out that the inception 
or unwinding of these hedging transactions may have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities 
and/or the level of the Cash Amount to which the Security Holder is entitled. This applies in particular to 
the unwinding of hedging transactions towards the end of the Securities' term. 
Hedging and trading transactions carried out by the Issuer and by companies of the Vontobel Group 
involving an Underlying of the Securities or, in the case of a Basket as the Underlying, the respective 
Basket Constituents may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
The Issuer currently only enters into hedging transactions with consolidated subsidiaries of Vontobel 
Holding AG (the "Vontobel Group"). Therefore, the Issuer is exposed to a so-called cluster risk 
compared to a more diversified selection of counterparties in hedging transactions. Insolvency or over-
indebtedness of a Vontobel Group company may therefore directly result in the Issuer's insolvency.

--- Page 20 ---
20/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
In the event of abnormal market situations, where hedging transactions are not possible at all or only 
subject to more onerous conditions, the spreads between bid and offer prices determined by the Market 
Maker may widen. This can occur in particular outside the trading hours of the instrument underlying the 
Security on the relevant reference exchange or at times when trading in the Underlying is illiquid or 
unusually volatile for other reasons. No claims will arise for the investor from any hedging transactions 
that the Issuer and/or the companies of the Vontobel Group affiliated with the Issuer enter into internally 
to hedge the payment obligations arising from issuing the Securities. 
Risk in connection with the taxation of the Securities as well as the further development of the withhold-
ing tax (Abgeltungssteuer) 
Security Holders bear the risk that the tax treatment of the Securities may change. This may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the 
Securities. 
The payment of taxes, levies, fees, deductions or other amounts incurred in connection with the 
Securities is the responsibility of the respective Security Holder and not of the Issuer. All payments made 
by the Issuer may be subject to taxes, levies, fees, deductions or other payments required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted.  
The information contained in the Base Prospectus with respect to the taxation of the Securities merely 
reflects the opinion of the Issuer on the basis of the laws applicable at the date of the Base Prospectus 
and does not represent tax or legal advice. The possibility that the tax authorities and tax courts may 
apply a different tax treatment cannot be ruled out. 
Tax laws and practice are subject to change (including during the subscription period or term of the 
Securities), possibly with retrospective effect. This could have a negative effect on the value of the 
Security Holder's Securities and/or the market price of the Securities. Any such change may mean (i) 
that the tax treatment of the relevant Securities may be different from the treatment that the Security 
Holder thought was applicable at the date of purchase of the Securities; or (ii) that the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the tax laws and tax practice applicable to the Securities 
issued under the Base Prospectus is incorrect or no longer applicable in particular or all respects, or 
mean that material tax considerations relating to particular Securities are not included in the Base 
Prospectus. Security Holders therefore bear the risk that their understanding of the manner in which 
income arising from the acquisition of the Securities is taxed may be wrong, or that the manner in which 
income arising from the acquisition of the Securities is taxed may change to their disadvantage. 
Investors who are taxable in Germany should also note that due to the current administrative 
interpretations the tax authorities may not recognize a loss resulting from a low payout at the end of the 
term compared to the purchase price for tax purposes. 
Moreover, the tax information provided in the Base Prospectus cannot serve as the sole basis for 
assessing an investment in the Securities from a tax point of view, since the particular situation of each 
individual investor must also be taken into account. Investors should always consult their personal tax 
advisers before deciding to purchase the Securities. 
Recently, the government is discussing the abolishment of the so called withholding tax 
(Abgeltungssteuer). The consequences of such abolishment would be that the respective capital 
proceeds will not be subject to a 25% tax rate anymore and the respective personal income tax rate 
would be applicable, which may cause a higher taxation. 
Risks in connection with the withholding tax pursuant to section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code 
Security Holders bear the risk that payments made by the Issuer in connection with the 
Securities may be subject to the U.S. withholding tax under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code. This may have a negative impact on the value of the Securities and/or the Cash 
Amount under the Securities. 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") and the provisions issued thereunder 
stipulate that for certain financial instruments (such as for the Securities) a withholding tax (of up to 30% 
depending on the application of income tax treaties) shall be imposed if the payment (or deemed 
payment) on the financial instruments is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment 
of a dividend from sources within the United States. Pursuant to these U.S. legal provisions, certain 
payments (or deemed payments) under certain equity-linked instruments that refer to the performance 
of U.S. equities or certain indices that contain U.S. equities, as an Underlying or a Basket Component, 
shall be treated as dividend equivalents ("Dividend Equivalents") and shall be subject to U.S. 
withholding tax of 30% (or a lower income tax treaties rate).

--- Page 21 ---
21/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
This tax liability shall apply even if pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities no actual 
dividend-related amount is paid or an adjustment is made and thus investors can only determine with 
difficulty or not at all any connection to the payments to be made in respect of the Securities.  
In withholding this tax, the Issuer will regularly apply the general tax rate of 30% to the payments subject 
to U.S. provisions (or deemed payments) and not any lower tax rate pursuant to any potentially 
applicable double taxation agreements. In such case, an investor's individual tax situation can therefore 
not be taken into account. 
The Issuer's determination of whether the Securities are subject to this withholding tax is binding for the 
Security Holders, but not for the United States Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). The rules of 
section 871(m) require complex calculations in respect of the Securities that refer to U.S. equities and 
application of these rules to a specific issuance of Securities issue may be uncertain. Consequently, the 
IRS may determine they are to be applied even if the Issuer initially assumed the rules would not apply. 
There is a risk in such case that Security Holders are subject to withholding tax with retroactive effect. 
There is also the risk that section 871(m) must also be applied to Securities that were not initially subject 
to withholding tax. This case could arise in particular if the Securities' economic parameters change 
such that the Securities are in fact subject to tax liability and the Issuer continues to issue and sell these 
Securities. 
As the Issuer is not obliged to offset any withholding tax pursuant to section 871(m) on interest, capital 
or other payments to the Security Holders by paying an additional amount or by paying the tax amount 
out of the own margin, Security Holders will receive smaller payments in such case than they would 
have received without withholding tax imposed. 
2.3.5 
Risks in connection with the Underlyings 
In this sub-category the material and specific risks in connection with the Underlyings are described. 
The risks are classified according to their materiality based on the assessment of the Issuer.  
The Securities are linked to one or more Underlyings. Shares, securities representing shares 
(ADRs/GDRs) or other dividend-bearing securities, indices, bonds, exchange rates, commodities, 
futures, interest rate futures, interest rates, investment units or virtual currencies, or baskets consisting 
of one or more of these instruments, may be specified as Underlyings. The Issuer will specify the 
Underlying to which the Security being issued relates in the Final Terms. 
A feature common to all of the Securities presented in the Base Prospectus is that the level of the Cash 
Amount is linked to the performance of the Underlying. The performance of the Underlying may be 
subject to fluctuations over time. Depending on the structure of the Securities, a rise or a fall in the 
Underlying may be unfavourable for the investor. There is no guarantee that the Underlying will move 
in a direction that is favourable for the respective investor and corresponds to the investor's 
expectations. 
Past experience shows that the underlying-specific risks described below will lead to a falling rate or 
price of the underlying in the majority of cases or in extreme cases to the underlying expiring worthless. 
For investors in the Securities presented in this Base Prospectus, such movements in the underlying 
are unfavourable and therefore represent a risk relating to the Securities. Depending on the effect of the 
risks described below on the rate, level or price of the underlying, the realisation of these risks may 
result in investors suffering a total or partial loss of their investment. 
The risks related to another category of asset class can also be relevant for the Underlying, if indirect 
investments are made (e.g. for an index whose index components are shares the same risks associated 
with an investment in shares can be realized). 
The amounts payable on the maturity, exercise or termination of the Securities are therefore determined 
entirely by the rate, level or price of these Underlyings, as presented in the Final Terms. Accordingly, 
investors should study the Base Prospectus and the respective Final Terms carefully to familiarise 
themselves with the effects of this linkage between the respective Underlyings and the respective 
Security. 
a) Risks in the case of shares, securities representing shares and other dividend-bearing 
securities as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with shares, securities representing shares and other divi-
dend-bearing securities as Underlying or Basket Constituent are described in this sub-category.  
Risks in connection with the performance of the price 
A negative development of the macroeconomic factors may have a negative impact on the price 
development of the share price and accordingly adversely affect the value of the Securities 
and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities.

--- Page 22 ---
22/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The price of a share, security representing shares or other dividend-bearing security (e.g. profit 
participation right, participation certificate) depends on a range of factors specific to the particular market 
and sector which are outside the control of the Issuer. The price of such securities may be subject to 
fluctuations and the development of the price depends on macroeconomic factors such as, for example, 
the rate of interest or level of prices on the capital market, the development of the currency, political or 
economic circumstances or other factors specific to the company which issued the securities in question 
(referred to in the following as the "Issuer of the Shares"). The Issuer of the Shares or companies 
affiliated to it may become insolvent or illiquid and the shares could even become worthless as a result. 
The intensity of the risks is also affected by the respective market capitalisation. Shares of companies 
with a low market capitalisation may be highly illiquid due to low trading volumes. 
The regional situation should also be taken into account. Shares of companies that have their 
headquarters or their principal operating activities in countries with a low level of legal stability, for 
example, are subject to the risk of detrimental and unexpected actions by governments or 
nationalisations. 
If the Securities are linked to shares that were not issued under the investor's domestic laws but under 
the laws of another state, the rights arising from or to those shares may be assessed wholly or partly in 
accordance with that state's laws which are foreign to the investor. In that case, the jurisdiction to which 
the shares are subject may include provisions as a result of which in the event of the company facing 
financial difficulties or insolvency, for example, the relevant shares may decline in value more rapidly or 
to a greater extent than would be the case if the shares were subject (only) to the investor's domestic 
laws. Such a decrease in value or fall in price of the shares may have a negative effect on the value of 
the Securities. 
In the case of Securities linked to shares the investor does not receive dividends paid or other distribu-
tions on the respective share, in contrast to a direct investment. Therefore, no dividends or other distri-
butions are paid to the investor if a dividend paid or other distribution is made on the Underlying. 
Risks in connection with securities representing shares 
Payments under Securities linked to Securities respresenting Shares are not identical to pay-
ments that the Security Holder would have received if he had invested directly in the share un-
derlying the Securities representing Shares. An investment in a Security respresenting Shares 
involves additional risks compared to an investment directly in the share underlying the Securi-
ties representing Shares. 
Additional risks have to be taken into account where securities representing shares – mostly in the form 
of "ADRs" ("American Depositary Receipts") and/or "GDRs" ("Global Depositary Receipts") – are 
used as Underlyings. 
ADRs are participation or depositary certificates issued in the USA by custodian banks; they certify a 
proportion of ownership in foreign shares. The shares on which the ADRs are based are usually held in 
the respective issuer's home country outside the USA. ADRs are traded on stock exchanges around the 
world in lieu of the original shares. GDRs also represent a proportional interest in foreign shares. The 
original foreign shares are usually held in the respective issuer's home country. They are different from 
ADRs in that they are generally offered to the public or placed outside the USA. 
Each security representing shares certifies a certain proportional interest in the underlying foreign 
shares, i.e. one ADR or GDR may represent one share, multiple shares or even only a fraction of a 
share (known as the reference quantity). The market price largely corresponds to the market price of 
the underlying shares, taking the respective reference quantity into account. Negative variances are 
possible, for example because of fees levied by the custodian bank. The issuer of the underlying shares 
may make distributions with respect to the shares that are not passed on to the purchasers of the secu-
rities representing shares, as a result of which the value of the securities representing shares and there-
fore of the Securities may be affected. Securities representing shares and the underlying shares may 
be traded in different currencies. Exchange rate fluctuations between those currencies may have a neg-
ative impact on the value of the securities representing shares. 
Fees charged by the custodian, which is generally located in the home country of the issuer of the 
shares, and by the custodian bank may have a negative impact on the value of the ADRs or GDRs and 
therefore also adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
In the event of the insolvency of the custodian bank or foreclosure against it, the possibility cannot be 
ruled out that the portfolio of shares underlying the securities representing shares may be liquidated or 
that restrictions on the right of disposal may be imposed on it. This may render the securities represent-
ing shares and the Securities linked to them worthless. For investors there is therefore an additional risk 
of total loss.

--- Page 23 ---
23/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
In addition, it should be noted in particular that, in the event of the insolvency of the custodian bank or 
if the custodian bank changes the terms and conditions or discontinues the offer of the securities repre-
senting shares or the securities representing shares are delisted, the Issuer has the right to amend the 
Terms and Conditions and/or is entitled to an extraordinary termination of the Securities. 
b) Risks in the case of Indices as Underlyings or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with Indices as Underlying or Basket Constituent are de-
scribed in this sub-category. The most material risks are Risks related to the change in the composition 
or calculation or dissemination of an Index and Risks in connection with the influence of distributions of 
the index and the index constituents as well as – for products with a Vontobel Strategy Index as an 
underlying or basket constituent – Particular risks relating to Vontobel Strategy Indices as an underlying 
or basket constituent. 
Risks related to the change in the composition or calculation or dissemination of an Index 
Changes in the composition or calculation or dissemination of an Index by the Index Sponsor 
may adversely affect the value of the Index and in turn the value of the Securities and/or the Cash 
Amount under the Securities. 
If the Underlying or Basket Constituent is an index, the performance of the index is affected by the 
performance of the index components. 
Indices serving as Underlyings or Basket Constituent for the Securities presented in the Base Prospec-
tus are not designed by companies of the Vontobel Group but by other providers (so-called sponsors). 
Investors must take note of the respective index descriptions and understand how the respective index 
functions. Investors cannot assume that the respective index will be successful; they must therefore 
form their own opinions of the index. 
The value of the index is derived in principle from the value of its constituents in accordance with the 
investment and calculation rules. The level of an index therefore depends primarily on the performance 
of the individual constituents of which the respective index is composed. Changes in the composition of 
the index and factors that affect or may affect the value of the constituents are reflected in the value of 
the index and may therefore have an impact on the return from an investment in the Securities. Fluctu-
ations in the value of one constituent may be reinforced by fluctuations in the value of another constitu-
ent. If the value of at least one constituent or of all the constituents is determined in a currency different 
from the currency in which the index is calculated, the investor may be exposed to implicit currency risk 
since values of the index constituents are converted into the currency of the index for the purpose of 
calculating the value of the index. Exchange rate fluctuations may mean that the value of the index 
constituent expressed in the currency of the index has fallen, although its price has in principle risen. 
Notwithstanding the aforesaid, there may also be a potential currency risk due to a deviation of the 
currency of the index from the currency of the Securities. 
It should be noted that the constituents of such an index may be deleted or replaced, and that new 
constituents may be added or that changes may be made to the index methodology which may change 
the level of one or more constituents. The replacement of the constituents of an index may affect the 
level of the index since, for example, a newly added company may perform significantly better or worse 
than the company replaced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the Index and/or the value 
of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities.  
Furthermore, the calculation or the promotion of the index may be revised, terminated or suspended. 
The sponsor of such an index or a reference agent will not be involved in the offer and sale of the 
Securities and will not have any obligations towards the Security Holders. However, the index sponsor 
may receive an advisory fee from the index calculation agent, which will be paid by the calculation agent 
to the index sponsor out of the index fee and which may be dependent on the volume of the respective 
Securities placed. All measures relating to the index may be taken without regard to the interests of the 
Security Holders and any of these measures may have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Securities. 
Risks in connection with the influence of distributions of the index and the index constituents 
The Security Holder will usually not participate in dividends or other distributions paid on the 
Index components. 
If the Underlying is a price index (PR), then it should be noted that distributions and income from indi-
vidual index constituents (e.g. in the case of share indices: dividends) are not included in the calculation 
of the index level and have no effect on the calculation of the security right. An investor in Securities 
linked to price indices, therefore, cannot participate in such distributions of the index constituents. On 
the contrary, the treatment of dividend payments from the index constituents in this case generally re-
sults in a reduction of the index level and therefore in principle in a fall in the Underlying.

--- Page 24 ---
24/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
In contrast, in the case of performance or total return (TR) indices or in the case of indices for which a 
predefined dividend (also known as a synthetic dividend) is calculated at certain intervals (so-called 
decrement indices), distributions and income from the index constituents are included in the calculation 
of the index level by the index calculation agent. Where the index calculation agent does not include 
these amounts in the calculation in full, however, but reduces such distributions and income by a theo-
retical withholding tax, the method of calculation is also referred to as net return; the market does not 
make a clear distinction between total return and net return on a consistent basis, however. 
Furthermore, there may be distributions of the index itself. Investors must therefore read the respective 
index descriptions to establish whether and, where relevant, to what extent distributions and income 
from the index and individual index constituents are included in the calculation of the index level. 
Correlation risk 
An adverse price development of the components of the Index may adversely affect the price 
development of the Index and, accordingly, the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount 
under the Securities. 
A special feature of Securities linked to indices is that the level of the index is based on the performance 
of a number of index constituents. For this reason, another factor affecting the value of the Securities is 
the correlation between the index constituents i.e. – expressed simply – the degree to which the perfor-
mance of the individual constituents depends on the performance of the other constituents. For example, 
if all constituents originate from the same sector and country, a high positive correlation can be as-
sumed. The correlation takes a value between '-1' and '+1', whereby a correlation of '+1', i.e. a high 
positive correlation, signifies that changes in the value of the constituents move in the same direction. 
With a correlation of '-1', i.e. a high negative correlation, the constituents always move in exactly the 
opposite direction. A correlation of '0' indicates that it is not possible to make any statement about the 
connection between changes in the value of the constituents. Depending on the redemption structure, 
a high correlation between the individual constituents will increase or reduce the risk for the investor 
since diversification using different investment strategies is not being achieved or attempted.  
Particular risks in the case of dividend indices 
Dividends may be subject to unpredictable fluctuations and adversely affect the value of the 
Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
If the Securities are linked to an index based on the dividends of particular shares, the performance of 
the index depends on the declaration and payment of any such dividends payable by the issuers of the 
relevant shares. Such declaration and payment of any dividends payable may be subject to unpredict-
able fluctuations over time and adversely affect the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount 
under the Securities. 
Particular risks relating to commodity contracts and commodities in general as index constituents 
A negative development of the macroeconomic factors may have a negative impact on the price 
development of the commodity index and accordingly adversely affect the value of the Securities 
and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
Commodity indices reproduce the performance of a synthetic production-weighted basket of commodity 
contracts on particular physical commodities. The price of commodity indices corresponds to an actual 
investment in commodity contracts and therefore rises or falls depending on the overall performance of 
the weighted basket of commodity contracts. 
Although commodity indices replicate the performance of the commodity markets in principle in the same 
way in which a share index replicates the performance of the equity market, there are important differ-
ences between a commodity index and a share index: 
The shares in a share index are typically weighted on the basis of their market capitalisation, while the 
commodity contracts included in a commodity index are typically, but not always, weighted on the basis 
of the global level of production and the dollar value of that level. 
Furthermore, in contrast to shares, commodity contracts expire at regular intervals and in order to pro-
long an investment in commodity contracts, it is necessary to sell such contracts prior to expiry and take 
positions in commodity contracts with longer maturities. This special feature of a commodity index has 
a significant impact on fluctuations in the performance of a commodity index. 
Finally, the performance of a commodity index depends on general economic factors relating to the 
commodities underlying the commodity contracts included in the commodity index, such as supply and 
demand, liquidity, weather conditions and natural disasters, direct investment costs, location and 
changes in tax rates.

--- Page 25 ---
25/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The holding of inventories of physical commodities incurs an administrative expense and costs – includ-
ing costs arising in connection with the necessary storage and transportation of physical commodities. 
This administrative expense and these costs may also be reflected in the prices of the commodity con-
tracts and accordingly in the level of the commodity index. 
If the price of the underlying physical commodities increases, the price of the commodity index will not 
necessarily increase as well. The value of a Security which is linked to a commodity index depends on 
the performance of the commodity index, which in turn replicates the performance of a basket of com-
modity contracts included in the commodity index, instead of replicating the performance of the individ-
ual physical commodities themselves. Changes in the prices of the commodity contracts should in prin-
ciple reflect the changes in price of the underlying physical commodities. However, the prices of 
commodity contracts may from time to time move in a manner or to an extent that differ from price 
movements in the case of physical commodities. Prices for a particular commodity may therefore rise, 
while the level of the commodity index does not change in the same way. Moreover – against the back-
ground of the expiry dates of commodity contracts, i.e. the dates on which trading in a commodity con-
tract ends – various adjustments may be necessary with respect to the commodity index in order to 
maintain the investment position in the commodity contract. These adjustments may have a negative 
effect on the level of the commodity index and consequently result in certain cases in a divergence 
between the performance of the commodity index and the performance of the commodity contracts 
underlying the commodity index. Accordingly, holders of Securities linked to commodity indices may 
receive a lower Cash Amount than would have been received by an investor who had invested directly 
in the commodities underlying such commodity indices, or in products whose Cash Amount is based on 
the spot prices of physical commodities or commodity contracts expected to expire at the end of the 
term of the Securities. 
Particular risks relating to Vontobel Strategy Indices as an underlying or basket constituent 
Proprietary indices are subject to additional risks compared to recognized indices. These can 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the 
Securities. 
Proprietary indices belonging to the family of Vontobel Strategy Indices (also referred to in the following 
as "Strategy Indices") reflect the performance of a virtual investment in particular financial instruments 
within the index universe specified in the description of the relevant Strategy Index, which are replicated 
as index constituents in the respective Strategy Index and managed on the basis of a strategy.  
The material and specific risks relating to Vontobel Strategy Indices as an underlying or basket constit-
uent are described in this sub-category. The most material risks are the Risk in connection with the 
recognition of the proprietary indices, the Risk relating to the implementation of the respective index 
sponsor's strategy, the Risk in connection with the dependence on the respective index sponsor, the 
Risk in connection with adverse effects of index corrections, the Risk in connection with a change in the 
composition of the index universe, the Risks in connection with interest payable on a cash component 
as an index constituent and the Risk in connection with adverse effects of index fees, adjustment fees 
and other costs. 
Risk in connection with the recognition of the proprietary indices 
The Strategy Indices are not recognised financial indices, but are indices designed and calculated by 
Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland, or another company of the Vontobel 
Group as the index calculation agent ("Index Calculation Agent" or "Reference Agent"), whose sole 
function consists of serving as the underlying for a particular type of securities (Strategy Certificates). 
In the case of a Strategy Index that is not recognised or new, there may be a lower degree of transpar-
ency relating to its composition, maintenance and calculation than would be the case for a recognised 
index, and there may in some circumstances be less information available about the relevant Strategy 
Index. In addition, subjective criteria may play a much greater role in the composition of the relevant 
Strategy Index in such cases, and there may be a greater degree of dependence on the index sponsor 
responsible for its composition than would be the case for a recognised index.  
Risk relating to the implementation of the respective index sponsor's strategy 
Strategy Indices reflect the performance of a virtual investment in particular financial instruments within 
the index universe specified in the description of the relevant Strategy Index, which are replicated as 
index constituents in the respective Strategy Index and managed on the basis of a strategy defined by 
the respective index sponsor.  
The index is managed on the basis of the relevant strategy of the index sponsor, but there can be no 
guarantee that the relevant strategy reproduced in the Strategy Index can actually be implemented as 
planned or that the Strategy Index will develop in line with the strategy.

--- Page 26 ---
26/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The strategy is determined by the index sponsor and the index sponsor is solely responsible for it. If the 
index sponsor is able to exercise its discretion in selecting the index constituents, the possibility cannot 
be excluded that the estimations on which it bases the exercise of its discretion may prove to be inac-
curate with hindsight, the choice of index constituents may turn out subsequently to be disadvantageous 
for the investors and the investors may be placed in a worse financial position as a result of the choice 
of index constituents than they would have been if those index constituents had not been selected. 
Consequently, no guarantee is provided that the choices made will actually be beneficial for the perfor-
mance of the relevant Strategy Index. 
Moreover, market conditions may develop in a direction in which the strategy does not achieve the 
intended positive performance of the index constituents and therefore of the relevant Strategy Index, 
but instead results in a fall in the value of the notional reference portfolio and therefore of the relevant 
Strategy Index. Depending on the particular strategy being followed, this could lead to the index constit-
uents and the Securities linked to the Strategy Index falling in value to the point where they become 
worthless.  
Risk in connection with the dependence on the respective index sponsor 
The Index Calculation Agent is advised by the index sponsor in connection with the composition of the 
relevant Strategy Index. In principle, the index sponsor is responsible for selecting and weighting the 
respective index constituents itself and also decides on the timing and scope of changes to the respec-
tive Strategy Index without consulting the Index Calculation Agent.  
The Index Calculation Agent provides no advice or assistance to the index sponsor in connection with 
the preparation or implementation of the strategy. The Index Calculation Agent is also not responsible 
for monitoring compliance with the strategy by the index sponsor. In addition, the Index Calculation 
Agent does not review the qualification of the relevant index sponsor, in particular its ability to implement 
the index strategy successfully. The Index Calculation Agent is under no obligation to monitor the index 
sponsor's implementation of and compliance with the strategy; it follows the decisions of the respective 
index sponsor relating to the selection and weighting of the relevant index constituents in principle with-
out carrying out a review of its own. 
The Index Calculation Agent and the respective index sponsor enter into a cooperation agreement 
whose provisions, among other things, govern the remuneration of the relevant index sponsor and nor-
mally provide for a right of termination on both sides. The remuneration of the index sponsor generally 
takes the form of an advisory fee, which is paid to the index sponsor by the Index Calculation Agent out 
of the index fee and which may be dependent on the volume of the respective Securities placed. In 
addition, a performance fee may be paid if the conditions for this fee have been met. In the event of the 
termination of the cooperation agreement and the associated termination of the existing index sponsor's 
function in relation to a Strategy Index, the Index Calculation Agent will not be able to maintain the 
strategy pursued to date and the Issuer will be entitled, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, 
to adjust the security right accordingly or, where necessary, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily. 
Risk in connection with adverse effects of index corrections 
In the event of calculation errors classified as material by the Index Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), the index levels of Strategy 
Indices are corrected, retrospectively if applicable, provided that this is technically possible and makes 
sense from an economic point of view. Otherwise no correction is made. Corrections are published on 
the information page. The correction of the index level of a Strategy Index may have an adverse effect 
on the level of the respective Strategy Index and therefore also on the value of the Securities linked to 
the Strategy Index. 
Risk in connection with a change in the composition of the index universe  
Where so provided in the description of the relevant Strategy Index, the Index Calculation Agent may 
be entitled to modify the index universe at the suggestion of the index sponsor and subject to compliance 
with the respective basic principles applying. A change in the index universe must generally be published 
on the information page at least five exchange days prior to becoming effective. 
The Index Calculation Agent may also remove individual financial instruments from the index universe 
without notice at any time and without giving reasons, subject to compliance with the basic principles of 
the respective Strategy Index. 
Investors should therefore not assume that the index universe of the respective Strategy Index will re-
main unchanged throughout the entire term of the Securities.

--- Page 27 ---
27/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Risks in connection with interest payable on a cash component as an index constituent 
The Index Calculation Agent decides in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) whether to make an index adjustment in order to ensure that the relevant Strat-
egy Index is able to reproduce the performance that would result from a real investment in particular 
financial instruments within the index universe specified in the description of the respective Strategy 
Index. In order to ensure that that performance is simulated effectively, "interest" is therefore paid (or – 
depending on the current market interest rate environment – negative interest is charged) on the cash 
component in the relevant Strategy Index or, if the balance is negative, debit interest is charged. The 
respective interest rate applicable is determined from time to time by the Index Calculation Agent on the 
basis of current market conditions for the respective currency and published on the information page. In 
the event that negative interest rates apply, the Index Calculation Agent may at its own discretion stip-
ulate an interest-free allowance for cash components in the respective Strategy Index, if it considers it 
necessary for the effective simulation, in particular, of changes in values and quantities; i.e. only from 
the point at which the cash component included in the Strategy Index exceeds any allowance is negative 
interest charged on the cash component in excess of that allowance. 
Negative interest charged on the cash component replicated in the respective Strategy Index will have 
an adverse effect on the level of the respective Strategy Index and therefore also on the value of the 
Securities linked to the Strategy Index. 
Risk in connection with adverse effects of index fees, adjustment fees and other costs 
The respective Strategy Index may, as specified in the description of the relevant Strategy Index, include 
index fees, adjustment fees, performance fees and other costs that are deducted from the cash compo-
nent by the Index Calculation Agent when calculating the index level, and which therefore reduce the 
level of the relevant Strategy Index and the value of the Securities linked to the Strategy Index. This will 
also have a corresponding adverse effect on pricing in the secondary market during the term of the 
Securities. 
If so provided in the description of the respective Strategy Index, the index fees may be changed by 
agreement between the index sponsor and the Index Calculation Agent up to a maximum of the upper 
limit specified in the description of the relevant Strategy Index. Investors therefore cannot assume that 
the index fees will remain unchanged. An increase in the index fees will have an adverse effect on the 
level of the respective Strategy Index and therefore also on the value of the Securities linked to the 
Strategy Index. Investors should also note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the 
selection of the index components and the composition of the underlying may, if provided for, receive a 
performance fee which is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. This performance fee is intended 
to provide the index sponsor or the person responsible for the selection of the index components and 
the composition of the underlying with an additional incentive to make steady price gains on the under-
lying by selecting index components of the underlying.  
If and to the extent that taxes, fees or other charges would be incurred for a real investment in accord-
ance with the index strategy, the Index Calculation Agent factors such costs into the calculation of the 
index ("other costs"). Similarly, other costs of the strategy, in particular costs for the provision of collat-
eral which would be incurred in connection with real short positions in derivative financial instruments 
(e.g. forward transactions), are deducted from the cash component and therefore reduce the level of the 
relevant Strategy Index and also the value of the Securities linked to the Strategy Index. 
General risks in connection with the index constituents 
Depending on the particular strategy being pursued, the respective Strategy Index may replicate a port-
folio consisting of shares, other dividend-paying securities and subscription rights of companies, units 
in collective investment schemes or investment units, bonds, standardised, exchange-traded derivatives 
(e.g. options or futures), transferable securities whose value is determined on the basis of securities, of 
currencies, interest rates or other income, of commodities, indices or benchmarks (securitised deriva-
tives), precious metals and cash components. 
Standardised, exchange-traded derivatives (e.g. options or futures) as well as securitised derivatives 
are financial instruments or contracts, whose performance are determined by other securities, curren-
cies, interest rates or other income, by commodities, indices or benchmarks or are derived from them. 
Derivatives are frequently complex, often feature a considerable degree of leverage and may be highly 
susceptible to fluctuations in value. They generally involve a high level of risk (including the risk of total 
loss) as well as opportunities. The internal costs of the derivative, such as for fees, may have an adverse 
effect on the performance of the respective derivative and therefore reduce the level of the relevant 
Strategy Index as well as the value of the Securities linked to the Strategy Index. The constituents of 
the relevant Strategy Index may include derivatives of counterparties or issuers which have a low level 
of creditworthiness (or a low rating). Moreover, the use of derivatives may enable the respective Strategy 
Index to replicate a strategy betting on falling prices. The counterparties or issuers of the derivatives are

--- Page 28 ---
28/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
associated with a risk of insolvency. If internal costs of the respective counterparty or issuer are included 
in the calculation of the derivatives, this will reduce the expected profitability of the derivative and there-
fore of the portfolio of index constituents replicated using the relevant Strategy Index. 
c) Risks in the case of bonds as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with bonds as Underlying or Basket Constituent are described 
in this sub-category.  
Risks in connection with the development of the price 
Security Holders bear the risk that there is no liquid market for trading in the bonds. This may 
adversely affect the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
In the case of Securities where bonds are used as Underlying or Basket Constituent, investors should 
bear in mind that the secondary market for these bonds may be limited. This is frequently because the 
issuer of the respective bonds is often the only market maker for them. It therefore remains uncertain 
whether and to what extent a secondary market will develop for the bonds and whether or not this 
secondary market will be liquid. The consequence of this is that the price of the bonds depends on the 
pricing by their issuer in its role as market maker and may adversely affect the value of the Securities 
and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
Insolvency risk of the issuer of the bonds 
The price of a bond can fall sharply or it can become worthless due to the insolvency of the 
issuer of the bond. 
If bonds are used as Underlyings or Basket Constituent, investors carry the insolvency risk of the issuer 
of the bonds used as Underlyings (in addition to the insolvency risk of the Issuer of the Securities pre-
sented in the Base Prospectus). The insolvency of the issuer of the bonds may render the bonds and in 
some cases the Securities linked to them worthless. For investors there is therefore an additional risk 
of total loss. 
d) Risks in the case of exchange rates as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with exchange rates as Underlying or Basket Constituent are 
described in this sub-category. 
Risks in connection with the development of the price 
The development of the price of exchange rates depends on a variety of economic factors and 
in the event of an adverse development of these factors, the value of the exchange rates and, 
accordingly, the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities may be 
adversely affected. 
The rates of exchange between currencies are determined by supply and demand on the international 
foreign exchange markets which are influenced by a variety of factors, such as speculative activity, 
general economic factors, interventions by central banks and government agencies or other political 
factors (including foreign exchange controls and restrictions). Exchange rate movements may have an 
effect on the value of the Securities and the Cash Amount under the Securities. The risks described 
above may intensify if the relevant currency is the currency of an emerging market. 
In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying or Basket Constituent, if a country's key interest rate is 
increased, this may cause that country's currency to appreciate, because demand for government bonds 
normally rises in such cases. The converse may apply accordingly, with a cut in the base rate leading 
to depreciation of the country's currency. 
It should additionally be noted that, due to the time zones in Australia, Asia, Europe and America, cur-
rencies are traded for 24 hours a day in interbank trading. For this reason it is possible, especially in the 
case of Securities linked to these Underlyings, that the relevant exchange rate will reach, exceed or fall 
below a threshold even outside local trading hours. 
e) Risks in the case of commodities as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with commodities as Underlying or Basket Constituent are 
described in this sub-category. 
Risks affecting the performance of Commodities 
The price development of commodities depends on a variety of economic factors and in the 
event of an adverse development of these factors, the price of the commodity and, accordingly, 
the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities may be adversely af-
fected.

--- Page 29 ---
29/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Commodities are mineral commodities (such as oil and gas), agricultural produce (such as coffee, wheat 
and corn) and non-ferrous metals (such as nickel, zinc and tin). Gold, silver and platinum are described 
as precious metals. Precious metals and commodities referred to collectively in the following as "com-
modities".  
Commodities are often exposed to complex price risks. Their prices are subject to greater fluctuation 
than in the case of other asset classes (high volatility). In particular, commodities markets are generally 
less liquid than bond, foreign exchange and equity markets. As a result, changes in supply and demand 
have a more pronounced effect on prices and volatility, making investments in commodities riskier and 
more complex. Examples of some of the typical factors affecting the prices of commodities are given in 
the following: 
The planning and management of commodity supplies takes up a lot of time. For this reason, the supply 
of commodities has limited flexibility, and it is not always possible to adapt production quickly to meet 
changes in demand. Demand may also vary from region to region. In addition, the transport costs for 
commodities in regions where they are required have an impact on prices. The cyclical behaviour of 
some commodities produced during certain times of year, such as agricultural produce, may entail major 
price fluctuations. 
Direct investments in commodities attract costs for storage, insurance and taxes. Moreover, no interest 
or dividends are paid on precious metals or commodities. These factors have an impact on the overall 
return on commodities. 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to react quickly and to the extent required in response 
to changes in supply and demand. Since only a few market participants are active on the commodities 
markets, high levels of speculation may have negative consequences for investors and distort prices. 
Unfavourable weather conditions can affect the supply of certain commodities for a whole year. A supply 
crisis triggered in this way may give rise to sharp and unpredictable price fluctuations. The spread of 
disease and outbreaks of epidemics may also influence the price of agricultural produce. 
Commodities are often produced in emerging countries and demanded by industrialised countries. How-
ever, the political and economic situation in emerging countries is usually considerably less stable than 
in the industrialised countries. They are much more exposed to the risks of rapid political change and 
economic setbacks. Political crises may shake investor confidence, and this may in turn influence the 
prices of commodities. War or armed conflict may change the supply of and demand for certain com-
modities. In addition, it is possible that industrialised countries may impose an embargo on the export 
and import of goods and services. This could have a direct or indirect impact on the price of commodities. 
Moreover, a number of commodity producers have formed organisations or cartels to regulate supply 
and thus influence prices. 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have the effect of reducing or increasing the profitability 
of producers of commodities. If these costs are passed on to customers, such changes will have an 
effect on the prices of the commodities affected. 
The factors and circumstances described in this section that have or could have a direct or indirect effect 
on the value of commodities may also have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. For exam-
ple, an increased availability of a Commodity is generally reflected in a fall in the price of that Commodity, 
which represents a risk for investors in the Securities described in this Base Prospectus. 
f) Risks in the case of futures and interest rate futures as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with futures and interest rate futures as Underlying or Basket 
Constituent are described in this sub-category. The Issuer asses all of the risks described in this sub-
category as most material. 
Risks in connection with futures contracts 
The price development of futures contracts may be adversely affected for the Security Holder by 
the price development of the future and interest rate future and accordingly the value of the 
Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
Futures and interest rate futures are standardised forward contracts based on financial instruments (e.g. 
shares, indices, interest rates, currencies or units of account (including virtual currencies), bonds) known 
as financial futures, or metals and commodities (e.g. precious metals, wheat, sugar), known as com-
modity futures. The price of a future or of an interest rate future therefore depends primarily on the 
performance of the relevant reference asset. 
A forward contract constitutes the contractual obligation to buy or sell a certain amount of the relevant 
object of the contract (the "Reference Asset") at an agreed price and at a pre-determined date. Futures 
contracts are traded on derivatives exchanges and are to this end standardised with regard to contract

--- Page 30 ---
30/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
size, nature and quality of the object of the contract and, if applicable, places of delivery and delivery 
dates. 
Generally, there is a high positive correlation between the performance of the price of a Reference Asset 
on the spot market and on the corresponding futures market. However, in principle futures contracts are 
traded at a premium to, or discount from, the spot price of the underlying Reference Asset. The differ-
ence between the spot price and the futures price, known as the "basis" in the terminology used on 
futures exchanges, is the result of the inclusion of costs usually incurred in connection with spot trans-
actions (storage, delivery, insurance etc.) and of income usually generated through spot transactions 
(interest, dividends etc.) on the one hand, and differences in the evaluation of general market factors 
prevailing on the spot and futures markets on the other. Moreover, liquidity on the spot market may differ 
considerably from that on the corresponding futures market, depending on the Underlying. 
Since the Securities are linked to the exchange price of the underlying futures contracts specified in the 
Final Terms, a proper evaluation of the risks associated with the purchase of these Securities requires 
knowledge about the method of operation of and factors affecting the value of futures transactions, in 
addition to knowledge about the market for the Reference Asset underlying the respective futures con-
tract (for further information, see also the risks relating to various underlyings that may be the Reference 
Asset for futures or interest rate futures contained in section 2.3.5 f) of this Base Prospectus). 
Particular risks relating to dividend futures contracts as the Underlying 
Dividends may be subject to unpredictable fluctuations and adversely affect the value of the 
Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities. 
Dividend futures contracts represent the total dividends distributed by all of the companies included in 
the index underlying the dividend futures contract in index points, after applying the index divisor. The 
dividend stream for one calendar year is replicated, i.e. the respective contract only represents the div-
idends expected for the relevant calendar year. The performance of the index underlying the dividend 
futures contract depends on the declaration and payment of any such dividends payable by the issuers 
of the relevant shares. Such declaration and payment of any dividends payable may be subject to un-
predictable fluctuations over time. The calculation of the dividend futures contract is based in principle 
on all ordinary gross dividends of the companies included in the underlying index. Special dividends, 
repayments of capital or similar distributions, however, are disregarded to the extent that the respective 
index sponsor makes an adjustment to the underlying index. Security Holders cannot assume that the 
companies currently included in the index underlying the dividend futures contract will continue to be 
included in the index in the future. The composition of the companies included in the index may change 
during the term of the Securities, which may have a negative effect on the Underlying and on the value 
of the Securities. 
Futures contract with the next expiry date and Rollover 
The "Rolling" of the futures contract may adversely affect the performance of the futures and/or 
interest rate futures, especially in a contango market. 
Since futures and interest rate futures contracts each have a specific expiry date, the Issuer will, in the 
case of Securities with an unlimited term (Open-End Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certif-
icates linked to baskets), as the case may be replace the Underlying, at a time specified in the Final 
Terms, with a futures or interest rate futures contract respectively that, apart from having an expiry date 
further in the future, has the same contract specifications as the futures or interest rate futures contract 
initially serving as the Underlying (known as 'Rollover'). If no futures or interest rate futures contract 
exists at that point in time with underlying terms and conditions or principal contract features that match 
those of the Underlying which it is intended to replace, the Issuer has the right, in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions, to replace the futures or interest rate futures contract or to terminate the Securi-
ties. 
The Rollover will be carried out on a trading day (the "Rollover Date") within a timeframe specified in the 
Terms and Conditions, shortly before the current futures contract expires. The reference values on the 
basis of which the Rollover of the Underlying to the new Underlying is carried out may be determined 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion within the limits specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
A factor which plays a central role with respect to the Rollover is whether the price of the futures contract 
with the next expiry date, i.e. the contract being rolled into, is higher or lower than the price of the expiring 
futures contract. If the market is in "contango", the price of the futures contract with the next expiry date 
being rolled into is higher than the price of the expiring futures contract. The reverse situation is known 
as a market in "backwardation". In this case, the price of the futures contract with the next expiry date 
being rolled into is lower than the price of the expiring futures contract. Depending on the variation in 
price and the structure of the Security, carrying out the Rollover may work to the disadvantage of the 
Security Holders. In the event of sharply falling or negative prices of futures or interest rate futures as

--- Page 31 ---
31/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
the Underlying of Open End Knock-Out Warrants or Mini Futures, the current futures contract may also 
be rolled into an upcoming futures contract that does not necessarily correspond to the immediately 
following futures contract, or the Issuer may extraordinarily terminate the Security. 
In connection with the Rollover, the Issuer may make an adjustment to the ratio or the strike and/or other 
product features described in detail in the Terms and Conditions. 
It should be noted that is not possible to quote ongoing buying and selling prices for the Securities in 
the secondary market while a Rollover is being carried out. During this time it will not be possible or it 
will be difficult to buy or sell the Security.  
g) Risks in the case of interest rates as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with interest rates as Underlying or Basket Constituent are 
described in this sub-category. 
Risks in connection with the development of the price 
The development of the price of interest rates depends on a variety of economic factors and in 
the event of an adverse development of these factors, the value of the interest rates and, accord-
ingly, the value of the Securities and/or the Cash Amount under the Securities may be adversely 
affected. 
Interest rates depend on the supply and demand for investments in currencies on the international 
money and capital markets, which are influenced, among other things, by speculative activity, general 
economic factors, interventions by central banks and government agencies or other political factors. The 
market level of interest rates on the money and capital markets, however, is frequently subject to sub-
stantial fluctuations, as a result of which the Security Holder with interest rates as the Underlying or 
Basket Constituent, or as the Reference Asset for an interest rate futures contract serving as the Un-
derlying, is exposed to this risk of changes in interest rates. 
If the Underlying is a fixed-interest financial instrument, movements in interest rates can be expected to 
have an especially significant impact on the value of the Securities. A change in the market level of 
interest rates in a particular direction is reflected in a movement in the price of a fixed-interest financial 
instrument in the opposite direction: If the market level of interest rates rises, the price of the financial 
instrument will usually fall until the yield on that instrument is approximately equal to the market rate of 
interest; which is unfavourable for investors in the Securities presented in the Base Prospectus. If, on 
the other hand, the market level of interest rates falls, the price of the fixed-interest financial instrument 
increases until its yield is approximately equal to the market rate of interest.  
h) Risks in the case of investment units as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with investment units as Underlying or Basket Constituent 
are described in this sub-category. 
If investment units are used as Underlying or Basket Constituent, investors should note that, 
depending on the type of fund, e.g. share funds, bond funds, annuity funds, real estate funds 
etc. as well as funds investing in a range of assets, the capital paid in to the fund is also invested 
on the capital market. As a result, the risks arise primarily from the nature of the fund. This means that 
the value of an investment unit is subject to the same risks, influences and fluctuations as the assets of 
which the fund is made up. Furthermore, the value of the investment units may depend, for example, on 
the investment risks and valuation rules of the assets acquired for the investment fund, the investment 
strategy and investment decisions of the management company of the investment fund, regulatory re-
strictions and the tax burden in connection with the assets acquired for the investment fund, as well as 
the fees and costs at the level of the investment fund. These factors may have a significant adverse 
effect on the price of investment units and, accordingly, the value of the securities. 
In addition, investors should note that, if investment units are used as Underlying or Basket Constituent, 
for the purpose of assessing the performance of the Underlying the relevant reference agent may de-
termine the value of an investment unit (as a price, redemption price or value designated accordingly) 
only on valuation dates applicable to the fund. Other values determined for the respective investment 
unit, in particular any prices of the respective investment unit determined and published on a stock 
exchange, are not taken into account, unless the Final Terms expressly provide otherwise. 
Risks in connection with Exchange Traded Funds (ETF), in particular regarding an ETF with a passive 
management 
There is a risk that the price of the ETF will develop adversely and accordingly may adversely 
affect the value of the Securities and/or the amounts payable under the Securities. Due to the 
lack of actively management of the ETF, this in particular relates to ETF with a passive manage-
ment.

--- Page 32 ---
32/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the Securities are linked to units of an ETF, the following particular risks arise, which may have a 
negative impact on the value of the ETF units forming the Underlying or Basket Constituent and thus on 
the value of the Securities. 
The aim of an ETF is to track an index, a basket or specific individual assets, such as gold (gold ETF), 
as closely as possible. The value of an ETF therefore depends in particular on the price performance of 
the individual index or basket constituents or of the other individual assets. However, the possibility 
cannot be ruled out that the price performance of the ETF may diverge from that of the index, basket or 
individual assets (known as tracking error). 
In contrast to other investment funds, ETFs are not actively managed by the investment company issu-
ing the ETF as a general rule. This means that decisions on the purchase of assets are determined by 
the index, basket, or individual assets. If the prices of the assets underlying an ETF fall, then in principle 
the price of the ETF will fall. 
In addition to the value of the assets underlying an ETF, the price of an ETF may also depend on fees 
charged for managing the ETF, and this may have an indirect effect on the value of the Securities. 
i) Risks relating to virtual currencies as the Underlying or Basket Constituent 
The material and specific risks associated with virtual currencies as Underlying or Basket Constituent 
are described in this sub-category. The risks in this sub-category are classified according to their mate-
riality based on the assessment of the issuer. The most material risks are mentioned first.  
These risks, by themselves or together with further risks and unpredictable factors of which the Issuer 
is currently unaware or which the Issuer currently regards as insignificant, could have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Securities, since the latter are linked to the Underlying and therefore to the virtual 
currency. The market price of the virtual currency could fall and even become zero (0) in the event of 
the realisation of any one or all of these risks.  
Risks in connection with the development of the price 
The price of a virtual currency may change rapidly and fall to zero (0). A higher risk exists that 
under these circumstances, investors could lose part or all of their investment. 
If the Underlying or Basket Constituent is a virtual currency expressed in another currency (for example, 
US dollar for 1 Bitcoin), the performance of the Security is affected by the performance of the virtual 
currency. The Issuer asses all of the risks described in this sub-category as most material. 
Virtual currency is a general term under which cryptographic currencies such as Bitcoin are also sub-
sumed. The concept of a virtual currency denotes a certain type of unregulated virtual money that is not 
issued or backed by a central bank. The rates of exchange between a currency and a virtual currency 
are generally determined by supply and demand on particular trading platforms on which those virtual 
currencies are traded. Those rates of exchange may be affected by a variety of factors such as specu-
lative activity, general economic factors, interventions by central banks and government agencies or 
other political factors (including restrictions on buying and selling) – similar to the factors relating to 
exchange rates (see section 2.3.5 d) of the Base Prospectus).  
The market value of a virtual currency does not depend on a claim or a reference value; it depends in 
principle on the investors’ expectation that it will be possible to use the virtual currency in the future for 
transactions and as a means of payment. The close relationship between the expectations held and the 
market value is reflected in higher volatility in the market value of a virtual currency. The degree of 
acceptance of a virtual currency may decline, among other reasons, if the virtual currency is not ac-
cepted or no longer accepted as a means of payment. 
It should be borne in mind that the value of a virtual currency is highly volatile and can rise or fall rapidly. 
Risks in connection with the acceptance and reputation of virtual currencies  
The performance of the virtual currency is in principle based on supply and demand, whereby 
virtual currencies are only used to a limited extent as a means of payment. Virtual currencies are 
significantly dependent on their acceptance and reputation, moreover by the reputation of the 
places where they can be traded. 
The price of a virtual currency is dependent on a number of factors outside the control of the Issuer. An 
important point to note is that the value of a virtual currency is very closely linked to investor confidence 
in that virtual currency. If investors lose confidence in the virtual currency, the value of that virtual cur-
rency will also fall. The market value of a virtual currency is in principle not based on any type of claim 
nor on a physical asset. Instead, its market value depends mainly on the expectation that it will be 
possible to use it for transactions in the future or – as in the case of the virtual currency Bitcoin, for 
example – continue to use it for transactions as in the past. This close connection between expectation

--- Page 33 ---
33/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
and market value is responsible for the current volatility in the market value of a virtual currency, which 
is expected to continue in future.  
Virtual currencies are only used to a limited extent as a means of payment. This is due in particular to 
the low acceptance as a means of payment. Compared to cashless transactions in currencies such as 
USD, EUR or GBP, transactions in virtual currencies are extremely low. In addition, the equivalent value 
of transactions in virtual currencies in a currency such as USD is difficult to measure due to the some-
times very strong exchange rate fluctuations. 
Although some virtual currencies, such as Bitcoin, currently have significant status among virtual cur-
rencies and in the perception of the public, there is a danger that other virtual currencies may have or 
acquire competitive advantages, and that the significance of currently successful virtual currencies will 
decline and that they may even be crowded out of the market.  
Virtual currencies can be purchased directly from an owner or via a trading platform. As a rule, these 
platforms are not regulated. A number of trading platforms have already had to cease their business 
operations or have been closed for other reasons – in some cases due to attacks by hackers. 
Investors in virtual currencies (and therefore indirectly investors in products using virtual currencies as 
the Underlying as well) face higher risks of fraud and loss. Virtual currencies can be stolen, which could 
result in a total loss. Once acquired, virtual currencies are normally stored in a "virtual wallet" on a 
computer, notebook or smartphone. These virtual wallets are usually protected with a private key or 
password. Virtual wallets usually have a public key and a private key or a password which are used to 
gain access. However, virtual wallets are not completely protected from hackers. Money can be stolen 
from a virtual wallet in the same way as from real wallets. The prospects of getting the money back are 
slim. This may have an adverse effect on the reputation of the currency or of the market place in ques-
tion, and so negatively impact the market price of the relevant virtual currency. 
Transactions in virtual currency are public, but the owners and recipients of the transactions are not. 
The transactions are very difficult to trace and provide users of virtual currencies with a high degree of 
anonymity. The virtual currency’s network can therefore be used in transactions for criminal purposes 
such as money laundering. Abuses of this kind can result in trading platforms being shut down by law 
enforcement agencies, denying access to credit balances on the platform as a result. 
Ownership of certain virtual currencies, e.g. of bitcoins, are determined by knowledge of a "private key" 
which can be thought of as similar to a password that grants the ability to transfer such virtual currency 
held in an individual address. Such virtual currencies are transferred by cryptographically signing a mes-
sage with this private key that tells the network that the owner wishes to move the bitcoins from one 
public address to another specific public address. Public-private key cryptography ensures that all net-
work participants can cryptographically verify that a transaction is valid. There exists the risk that private 
keys may be cracked, i.e. decoded, by an unauthorised person and used to verify that a transaction is 
valid. Today, the encryption of transactions is ensured by the difficulty of cracking its code using existing 
computers. However, private keys might be cracked and therefore unsecure when the calculation power 
of computers advance, such as by the development of quantum computers The unsecureness of private 
keys could have an adversely effect on the market price and reputation of respective virtual currency. 
In addition, trading platforms are not banks, managing a virtual currency as a deposit. If a trading plat-
form loses units of a virtual currency or has to cease its business operations, there is generally no 
specific legal protection (as provided by a deposit protection scheme, for example) covering losses of 
units of a virtual currency held on the trading platform. This is the case even if the trading platform’s 
activities are officially authorised. 
Specific risks may arise for some trading platforms as a result of the particular features of the respective 
trading platform. For example, the trading platform may have limited transparency with respect both to 
pricing and to its ownership or corporate structure. Trading platforms with limited transparency may 
nevertheless record high levels of turnover in the virtual currency. If confidence in the respective trading 
platform declines as a result of its limited transparency, this may have adverse effects on trading in the 
virtual currencies concerned and on the turnover in those currencies. This may in turn have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the respective virtual currency. 
Regulatory, legal and tax risks 
Against the background of the relative novelty and the political discussion about virtual curren-
cies in various countries, regulatory, legal and tax risks exist that may have a negative impact 
on the virtual currency and/or the Securities. 
The legal status of virtual currencies may vary between different states. The absence of a uniform reg-
ulatory, legal and tax framework makes it difficult to assess the risks arising in this connection. Since 
virtual currencies frequently represent unregulated assets, there is a risk that future political, regulatory 
and legal (including tax) changes may have an adverse effect on the market for virtual currencies and

--- Page 34 ---
34/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
companies operating in that market. This could result in the value of the virtual currency concerned 
being adversely affected. 
Virtual currencies and trading in virtual currencies could be subject to taxation, for example VAT or 
investment income withholding tax. All investors should seek information on whether the use of virtual 
currencies gives rise to tax obligations in their particular countries.  
Risks relating to the technology and its development 
The underlying technology is relatively new and untested. The source code could be updated, 
amended, altered or modified from time to time by the developers and/or the community of users. 
There can be no guarantee that such update, amendment, alteration or modification will not ad-
versely affect the functionality of the respective virtual currency. 
There is a risk that the source code or protocol on which a virtual currency is based may contain errors. 
Any such error could threaten the integrity and security of the relevant virtual currency and the corre-
sponding network. For example, the source code of Bitcoin is public and can be downloaded and in-
spected by anyone. Nevertheless, there could be an error in the source code that has not yet been found 
and rectified, or such an error could be exploited for as long as it has not been removed. There is the 
additional risk of an error that cannot be rectified. These risks could materially weaken the reputation of 
a virtual currency, which could have an adverse effect on its market price. 
Various virtual currencies, such as Bitcoin, were created in the form of open source software, i.e. as a 
programme that is freely available to everyone. The source code or protocol on which the virtual curren-
cies are based is publicly accessible and constantly being developed. The further development and 
acceptance of the protocol depends on a range of factors. The development of virtual currencies could 
be hindered or delayed if disagreements were to arise between the participants, developers and mem-
bers of the network. 
New and improved versions of the source code must be confirmed by a majority of the members of the 
network in order to update the source code version. In the event that a majority of the network cannot 
be reached for the purpose of updating the source code, this could mean that urgent updates or im-
provements in the source code are implemented only partially or not at all. If the development of the 
source code is hindered or delayed, this may have an adverse effect on the value of the virtual currency. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that one or more members of the network could control a majority of the 
network. In this case, the majority could impose changes in the source code that have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the virtual currency concerned. For example, such changes could affect the 
verification procedure, the generation of private keys (which are necessary for the purpose of executing 
transactions) or the subsequent deletion of transactions. Such "51% attacks" could result in a general 
loss of confidence in the virtual currency and the possible total cessation of trading. It may be difficult to 
keep track of these scenarios in some cases and they could permanently upset the equal status of the 
participants in the network. This would cause a loss of reputation and material adverse effects on the 
market value of the virtual currency concerned. But even if such adverse scenarios are not realised, 
control of the majority of a network could have the same adverse effects for the market value of the 
virtual currency. 
The risk of so-called 51% attacks is not limited to enforcing changes to the source code, but represents 
a general risk. Thus, a person or group of persons who make up the majority of the computing power of 
the network may manipulate transactions within the network (without changing the source code). The 
risk theoretically already exists below the 50% threshold, but is becoming increasingly unlikely. The risk 
of such attacks increase with the observed pooling of persons into so-called mining pools. In the case 
of Bitcoin, the three largest mining pools already combine more than 51% of the computing power of the 
Bitcoin network. 
There is a risk that source codes or protocols could be developed further and for various reasons this 
could result in the virtual currency splitting into more than one protocol (known as a "hard fork"). A hard 
fork is a basically change in the consensus rules such that computers running the old code no longer 
produce transactions recognized as valid by computers running the new code. A hard fork may be un-
contentious, contentious, or a spin-off. An uncontentious hard fork can be viewed as a software upgrade 
that all (or nearly all) users agree is beneficial, such that only one network and one set of rules results 
from the change. In a contentious hard fork, disagreement amongst users may result in two competing 
incompatible networks that vie for the same brand. For example, on 1 August 2017, the Bitcoin network 
underwent a spin-off hard fork that resulted in bitcoin (BTC) and bitcoin cash (BCH).  
In contrast to hard forks, virtual currencies may also "soft fork." A soft fork is a change to the protocol 
that is backwards compatible. This means that upgraded nodes remain on the same network as non-
upgraded nodes. For example, the Bitcoin network activated the "segregated witness" soft fork ("Seg-
Wit") on 24 August 2017. SegWit separated two parts of the Bitcoin block – transaction data, and the 
transactions’ associated signatures. This data segregation doubled the throughput of the Bitcoin network

--- Page 35 ---
35/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
from 7 transactions to 14 transactions per second. It also eliminated a flaw in the Bitcoin protocol known 
as "transaction malleability," which enabled the construction of supplementary networks that reference 
or settle to the Bitcoin blockchain with greater ease. 
In the context of a hard or soft fork, or other process that results in a division or split of bitcoin into 
multiple, possibly non-fungible, assets, it could be that trading platforms on which virtual currencies are 
traded will temporarily suspend the ability to deposit or withdraw, or buy and sell, the relevant virtual 
currency on that trading platform, until the risks and consequences that may result from the hard fork 
(such as replay attacks or network instability) have been definitively assessed. This could take several 
days in some circumstances, but such timeframe is in general not predictable. During any such tempo-
rary suspension, there is a risk that the Market Maker will not quote any bid and offer prices for the 
Securities.  
Furthermore, in the event of a hard or soft fork, or other process that results in a division or split of bitcoin 
or other virtual currencies into multiple, possibly non-fungible, assets is expected, the Issuer has the 
discretion to take appropriate action to align the effects of such process. There exist no right to com-
pensation or ownership of any of such assets created in connection with or as a result of a fork. 
There is a further risk that in the case of a publicly accessible protocol, developers will not have the 
incentive of being remunerated for the further development of the source code. This could mean that 
the ongoing qualitative further development of the source code is hindered or delayed. If the source 
code is not developed further, however, this could have an adverse effect on the value of the virtual 
currency concerned. 
j) Risks relating to baskets as an underlying 
If the underlying is a basket, its performance is influenced by the performance of the respective 
basket constituents. 
Baskets to be used as Underlyings may be designed by companies of the Vontobel Group as well as by 
other companies. Investors must take note of the selection method used for the composition of the 
basket and understand how the respective basket functions. The selection of the basket constituents is 
not necessarily based on the expectations and assessments of the persons composing the basket or of 
the Issuer with respect to the future performance of the (selected) basket constituents. Investors cannot 
assume that the respective basket will be successful; they must therefore form their own opinions about 
the basket and its constituents as well as their risk profiles. The financial instruments covered by this 
Prospectus may serve as basket constituents. The Issuer may compose the basket from one or several 
different financial instruments.  
The composition of the basket (the "Composition of the Basket") is specified on the issue date and in 
principle remains unchanged subsequently. Investors should note, however, that the Composition of the 
Basket may be modified in the case of the adjustment events described under sections 2.3.2 and 7.1 
(section 6 and, if applicable, section 6a). The Issuer may also replace a basket constituent affected for 
which, in its discretion, an adjustment does not make sense from a financial point of view, with a cash 
component, the amount of which is determined by the Issuer on the due date specified in the Terms and 
Conditions. Since this cash component does not bear interest, it remains unchanged for the remainder 
of the term and does not contribute to the increase in value of the basket. 
If the underlying is a basket which, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, consists wholly or 
partly of shares or other dividend-bearing securities, it should be noted that dividends paid by individual 
basket constituents are generally not included in the calculation of the price of the basket and therefore 
also have no effect in principle on the calculation of the security right. However, investors should bear 
in mind that if the adjustment events described under chapter 7.1 (section 6a) are applicable, dividends 
and other cash distributions may also be retained. If the Terms and Conditions of the product provide 
for the retention of income, ordinary dividend payments, interest and other cash distributions of the 
respective underlying or basket constituent, received by the issuer between the fixing date and the val-
uation date, are taken into account net of country-specific taxes, levies and other fees determined by 
the calculation agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) (the "Net Amount"). In the event of retention of income in the form of reinvestment, the Issuer 
will reinvest the Net Amount in the relevant basket constituent and the number or weighting of that 
basket constituent will be adjusted in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) of the calculation agent in accordance with the Product Conditions. In the event 
of retention of income in the form of a cash component, the Issuer will use the Net Amount to create a 
cash component or to increase an existing cash component. Since this cash component does not bear 
interest, it remains unchanged for the remainder of the term and does not contribute to the increase in 
value of the basket. The cash component will be created or increased in the reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the calculation agent in accordance with 
the Product Conditions.

--- Page 36 ---
36/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
A particular feature of Securities linked to baskets is that the level of the Cash Amount is based on the 
performance of a number of basket constituents. For this reason, another factor affecting the value of 
the Securities is the correlation between the basket constituents, i.e. – expressed simply – the degree 
to which the performance of the individual constituents depends on the performance of the other con-
stituents. In the case of shares as basket constituents, for example, if all of the shares originate from 
the same sector and country, a high positive correlation can be assumed. The correlation takes a value 
between '-1' and '+1', whereby a correlation of '+1', i.e. a high positive correlation, signifies that changes 
in the value of the constituents always move in the same direction. With a correlation of '-1', i.e. a high 
negative correlation, the constituents always move in exactly the opposite direction. A correlation of '0' 
indicates that it is not possible to make any statement about the connection between changes in the 
value of the constituents. For example, depending on the design of the basket and the redemption 
structure, a high positive correlation between the individual constituents will increase the risk for the 
investor if the basket constituents fall in value (at the same time). A high negative correlation may also 
have adverse effects for the investor, if changes in the value of individual basket constituents that are 
in principle favourable for the investor are associated with negative performances by other (negatively 
correlated) basket constituents. 
If the basket constituents are denominated in whole or in part in a currency other than the currency in 
which the basket is calculated, this may result in further correlation risks during the term of the Certifi-
cates in addition to the general correlation risks just described. These correlation risks relate to the 
degree to which the development of the price of the basket constituent (in a foreign currency) is depend-
ent on the development of the exchange rate between that foreign currency and the currency of the 
basket. 
Depending on the features of the Securities, the individual basket constituents may (initially) be weighted 
equally or have different weighting factors or be represented in the basket in different proportions. The 
Issuer may also design the basket in such a way that the weighting factors can also have a negative 
value. In principle, the closer a weighting factor of a basket constituent is to zero (0) or the smaller its 
share is in the value of the basket, the smaller the influence the performance of the respective basket 
constituent has on the performance of the basket as a whole. Conversely, the further away a (positive 
or negative) weighting factor of a basket constituent is from zero (0) or the greater the respective share 
of the basket constituent is in the basket, the greater the influence it has on the performance of the 
basket as a whole. 
In the case of negative weighting factors, the performances of the relevant basket constituents are in-
corporated in the performance of the basket as a whole "with a negative sign". This means that a positive 
performance in the case of a negative weighting factor is included in the calculation of the performance 
of the basket as negative performance; a negative performance in the case of a negative weighting 
factor becomes positive performance for the purpose of calculating the performance of the whole basket. 
Depending on the structure of the Terms and Conditions, one or more basket constituents may have a 
greater influence on the performance of the basket than other basket constituents if a higher weighting 
factor is allocated to the former. 
Investors should be aware that the basket constituents are not necessarily selected on the basis of the 
Issuer's expectations or assessments of the future performance of the selected basket constituents. 
Investors should therefore perform their own assessments with regard to the future performance of the 
basket constituents based on their own knowledge and sources of information. 
The Issuer may obtain advice from external advisers relating to the selection of the basket constituents 
and the composition of the basket. 
Particular risks relating to proprietary baskets as an underlying or basket constituent 
Proprietary baskets (also referred to in the following as "Dynamic Baskets") in principle replicate the 
performance of their Basket Constituents, that is, of particular financial instruments chosen using a se-
lection method specified in the description of the relevant Dynamic Basket.  
In the case of Securities with Dynamic Baskets as Underlyings or Basket Constituents, investors should 
therefore also bear in mind the following particular risks:  
Risks relating to the implementation of the selection method 
Dynamic Baskets consist of a basket of different financial instruments, the Basket Constituents. For 
Dynamic Baskets, these basket constituents are selected in accordance with the respective dynamic 
selection method. 
Market conditions may develop in a direction in which the respective dynamic selection method does 
not result in positive performance for the Dynamic Basket, but instead leads to a fall in the value of one 
or all of the basket constituents or renders them worthless.

--- Page 37 ---
37/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Adverse effects of basket corrections 
In the event of calculation errors classified as material by the calculation agent in its reasonable discre-
tion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), a correction is made, provided that 
this is technically possible and makes sense from an economic point of view. Otherwise no correction 
is made. Corrections are published on the website prospectus.vontobel.com, and can be accessed by 
inputting the relevant ISIN. Corrections of the Dynamic Basket may have adverse effects on the value 
of the Securities linked to the Dynamic Basket. 
General risks in connection with the basket constituents 
Depending on the particular dynamic selection method employed, the respective Dynamic Basket may 
consist of a basket of shares, other dividend-paying securities and subscription rights of companies, 
units in collective investment schemes or investment units, bonds, precious metals and cash compo-
nents as well as units of account.  
Risks in connection with interest payable on a cash component as a basket constituent 
If the relevant Dynamic Basket has a cash component as a basket constituent, "interest" may also be 
paid (or – depending on the current market interest rate environment – negative interest charged) on 
the cash component or, if the balance is negative, debit interest may be charged. The respective interest 
rate applicable is determined from time to time by the calculation agent on the basis of current market 
conditions for the respective currency and published on the website prospectus.vontobel.com, and can 
be accessed by inputting the relevant ISIN. In the event that negative interest rates apply, the calculation 
agent may at its own discretion stipulate an interest-free allowance for cash components in the respec-
tive Dynamic Basket, if it considers it necessary for the effective simulation, in particular, of changes in 
values and quantities; i.e. only from the point at which the cash component included in the Dynamic 
Basket exceeds any allowance is negative interest charged on the cash component in excess of that 
allowance.  
Negative interest charged on the cash component replicated in the respective Dynamic Basket will have 
adverse effects on the value of the Securities linked to the Dynamic Basket. 
 
2.3.6 
Risks which apply to all or several Underlyings 
In this sub-category, the material and specific risks which apply to all or several Underlyings are de-
scribed. The risks are classified according to their materiality based on the assessment of the Issuer. 
The most material risks are mentioned first. 
Risk in connection with the reform of benchmarks 
Due to the regulation and reform of benchmarks, there may be an adjustment or extraordinary 
termination of the Securities and this may have an adverse effect on the redemption of the Se-
curities for Security Holders. 
The Underlying to which the Securities relate may be so-called benchmarks within the meaning of Reg-
ulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks 
in certain financial instruments and financial contracts, as amended (EU Regulation on indices used as 
benchmarks in certain financial instruments and financial contracts, "Benchmark Regulation"). 
According to the Benchmark Regulation, supervised entity, may only use a benchmark as Underlying or 
Basket Component if the benchmark or the administrator of the respective benchmark is entered in a 
register established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") ac-
cording to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. For administrators domiciled outside the Union 
(so-called third country administrators) a transitional arrangement is provided for until 31 December 
2021. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a significant adverse impact on Securities linked to a benchmark, 
including the following events: 
• 
an index which is a benchmark cannot be used as such or can only be used for a limited transi-
tional period to be determined by the Competent Authority if the approval or registration of the 
Administrator is suspended or withdrawn or – in case of third country Administrators – (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions), does not comply with the conditions of equivalence or rather, 
until such a decision is taken, does not obtain recognition and does not receive the acceptance 
intended for such purposes; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could reduce or increase the respective level 
of the benchmark or affect the volatility of the published level.

--- Page 38 ---
38/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The Benchmark Regulation has led to increased regulatory control of benchmarks and may increase 
the costs and risks associated with the management of benchmarks or otherwise affect the setting of 
benchmarks and complying with such rules and requirements.  
This may result in market participants not continuing to manage or participate in the process of estab-
lishing certain benchmarks or in changes to the rules and methodology according to which certain 
benchmarks are calculated. These factors may also result in the withdrawal of particular benchmarks. 
The discontinuation of benchmarks or changes in the management of benchmarks entail the risk for 
Security Holders that the terms and conditions of the securities may be adjusted, that there may be early 
redemption, that the Calculation Agent may make a discretionary valuation, that there may be other 
consequences for Securities linked to such benchmarks. Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the value and return of such Securities. 
Risks in connection with psychological effects 
The price of an Underlying can fluctuate strongly due to psychological effects related, for ex-
ample, to moods, opinions and rumours in the market, which may has an impact on the perfor-
mance of the Securities. 
Factors of a psychological nature may also have a significant influence on the price of the Underlyings 
and therefore on the performance of the Securities. These frequently irrational factors are almost im-
possible to assess. For example, moods, opinions and rumors may cause a decline or an increase in 
the price of the Underlying even though the fundamental data (e.g. the results of operations or future 
prospects of a quoted company or demand for a particular commodity) have not necessarily changed. 
In addition, haste and uncertainty often tempt investors to pay close attention to how market participants 
assess the truth of rumors. If, through such effect, the price of the Underlying is affected to the contrary 
of the market expectations of the investor, the investor may suffer a loss. 
Volatility risk 
Due to the volatility of an Underlying, high losses may occur. 
Volatility denotes the degree of fluctuation or extent of the movement in price of an Underlying or a 
Security within a defined period. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical data and particular 
statistical procedures. The higher the volatility is, the greater are the movements in price both upwards 
and downwards. An investment in Securities or Underlyings with a high volatility is therefore fundamen-
tally more risky than an investment in Securities or Underlyings with low volatility since it entails greater 
potential for incurring losses.

--- Page 39 ---
39/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
3. 
Information about the Issuer 
The required information about Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, as 
the Issuer of the Securities is incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 paragraph 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation from the Registration Document of the Issuer dated 21 April 2021 approved 
by 
the 
German 
Federal 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht).

--- Page 40 ---
40/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
4. 
Information about the Guarantor 
The information required about Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich, Switzerland, as the Guarantor is 
incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 paragraph 1 of the Prospectus Regulation from 
the the Registration Document of the Guarantor dated 6 April 2021 which has been approved by the 
German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht).

--- Page 41 ---
41/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
41
5. 
Important Information 
5.1 Persons responsible 
Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Bockenheimer Landstraße 24, 60323 Frankfurt am Main as Issuer, 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Alter Hof 5, 80331 Munich as Offeror and Vontobel Holding AG, 
Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland as Guarantor accept responsibility in accordance with 
Article 11 paragraph 1 sentence 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and declare that, to the best of their 
knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
In connection with the issuance, sale and offer of the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, no 
person is authorised to circulate any information or make any declarations that are not contained in the 
Base Prospectus. The Issuer, the Offeror and the Guarantors accept no responsibility of any kind for 
information from third parties that is not included in the Base Prospectus. The information contained in 
the Base Prospectus relates to the date of the Base Prospectus and may now be incorrect and/or 
incomplete as a result of changes that have occurred subsequently. The Issuer will publish significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies relating to the information included in the Base 
Prospectus in a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
5.2 Interests of other persons involved in the issue and conflicts of interest  
The interests and conflicts of interest existing within the Vontobel Group have already been described 
in section 2.3.4 of the Base Prospectus.  
Third parties may also have an interest in commissions or other commercial interest in the issues to be 
launched under the Base Prospectus. Such an interest could exist, for example, for index sponsors of 
Strategy Indices or participants in the selection process for a proprietary basket, in particular relating to 
the inclusion or removal of constituents of the index or basket. 
It should also be noted that the payment of commissions, price surcharges (premium) and inducements 
to sales partners may generate conflicts of interest to the disadvantage of the investor, because this 
could create an incentive for the sales partner to sell Securities with a higher commission to its custom-
ers in preference to other products. Such commissions are included in the price of the Security or in 
case of a price surcharge (premium) are to be paid additionally to the issue price. 
The sales partners and investment advisers may be pursuing their own interests with respect to the sale 
of the Securities and their associated advisory activities. A conflict of interest on the part of the advisers 
may result in the advisers making an investment decision or issuing a recommendation in their own 
interests and not in the interests of the investors 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG (or another appointed company) will act as Market Maker for the Securities. 
Through such market making activities, the Market Maker will itself determine the price of the Securities 
to a significant extent. As a result, the prices quoted by the Market Maker will not normally correspond 
to the prices that would have been established without such market making and in a liquid market. 
5.3 Reasons for the offer and intention to generate profit 
The Issuer's objective is to generate profit through the issue or increase of Securities and it will use the 
proceeds of the issuance of offering of the Securities to hedge against risks arising from the respective 
issues. The proceeds from the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus will be used to finance the 
Issuer's general business activities. 
For clarification: Although the Cash Amounts or the performance of the Securities are calculated with 
reference to a rate, level or price of an Underlying defined in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is 
free to decide on the use of proceeds. The proceeds are basically used to generate profit, to hedge 
against risks arising from the issue and/or to protect against certain risks of the Issuer. Under no 
circumstances the Issuer is obliged to invest the proceeds out of the issuance of the Securities in the 
Underlyings or other assets. The Issuer may freely dispose of the issue proceeds. 
5.4 Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
The Issuer and the Offeror consent to the use of the Base Prospectus for Public Offers in the Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and 
Slovakia for the duration of its validity and accept responsibility for the contents of the Base Prospectus 
also with respect to any subsequent resale or final placing of Securities by financial intermediaries.

--- Page 42 ---
42/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
42
This consent by the Issuer and the Offeror is subject to the conditions (i) that the Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms are provided to potential investors only together with all supplements published up to 
the time of such provision and (ii) that, in making use of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms, each 
financial intermediary ensures that it complies with all applicable laws and legal requirements in force in 
the respective jurisdictions. 
Such consent is given for the term of the respective Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the term of such Securities exceeds the duration of the validity of the Base Prospectus, the subsequent 
resale and final placement of the Securities can be made during the period in which a Succeeding Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the respective Final Terms) exists. In this case, the consent to the use of the 
Base Prospectus also applies to the use of the Succeeding Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to the use of the Base Prospectus with 
respect to certain distributors and/or all financial intermediaries. The above consent is subject to 
compliance with the selling restrictions applicable to the Securities and with any applicable law. Each 
financial intermediary is obliged to only provide the Base Prospectus together with any supplement 
thereto (if any) to any potential investor. 
If a placement is planned by door-to-door selling in Italy as indicated in the respective Final Terms, a lead 
manager (the "Lead Manager") will act as "Responsabile del Collocamento" pursuant to Article 93 -bis of 
the Italian Legislative Decree n. 58 dated 24 February 1998 (the "Italian Financial Service Act"), as 
amended, in connection with the Offer. The Offer Period for the Securities placed through "door-to-door 
selling" (pursuant to Article 30 of the Italian Financial Service Act) will be defined in the Final Terms, 
save in case of early termination or extension as agreed between the Issuer and the Lead Manager. 
In the event that a financial intermediary makes an offer, that financial intermediary shall inform 
the investor about the conditions of the offer as specified in the Base Prospectus at the time the 
offer is made. The above consent is subject to compliance with the sale restrictions on the 
securities and with all applicable laws. Each financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus 
shall state on its website that it is using the Base Prospectus with consent and in accordance 
with the conditions to which the consent is subject. 
5.5 Conditions of the offer 
Under the Base Prospectus Securities are issued by way of a new issue or an increase. Such Securities 
either will be publicly offered pursuant to Article 3 paragraph 1 of the Prospectus Regulation ("Public 
Offer") or will be placed in application of an exceptional case pursuant to Article 1 paragraph 4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and at the same time admitted to trading on a regulated market (so called "Pri-
vate Placement"). Further information concerning the increase of Securities can be found in section 6.6 
of the Base Prospectus. 
The Securities are issued by Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany in the 
context of the Base Prospectus, underwritten in each case (on the basis of a framework agreement 
between the Issuer, Bank Vontobel AG and Vontobel Financial Products Ltd., Dubai International Fi-
nancial Centre, United Arab Emirates, dated 7 April 2010) by Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 
8002 Zurich, Switzerland (tap issue) and offered by Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Munich, Germany. 
Bank Vontobel AG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Vontobel Holding AG and is currently the most im-
portant fully consolidated group company in the Vontobel Group. Bank Vontobel Europe AG and Von-
tobel Financial Products Ltd. are also wholly owned and fully consolidated subsidiaries of Vontobel 
Holding AG. The respective issues of the Securities are made under a guarantee given by Vontobel 
Holding AG (see section 8 of the Base Prospectus) (the "Guarantee"). 
The Issuer is engaged in the issue of securities, including for example the Securities issued under the 
Base Prospectus, as an ongoing business and the new issue and/or increase of securities therefore 
does not require any special basis documented in accordance with corporate law. 
The details of the offer and of the sale of the Securities, in particular the issue date, the issue volume 
offered and the issue price of the Securities to be issued under the Base Prospectus and the offer type 
(Public Offer or Private Placement) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price of the 
Securities will be set by Bank Vontobel Europe AG – supported by other companies of the Vontobel 
Group. 
In the event of a Public Offer of the Securities during a subscription period whose duration is specified 
in the related Final Terms, the details of the issue to be determined at the end of the subscription period 
(e.g. the strike) will be notified by the Issuer without delay after the end of the subscription period in 
accordance with section 12 of the General Conditions.

--- Page 43 ---
43/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
43
Investors should note that, in the event of a Public Offer of the Securities during a subscription period, 
the Issuer and/or the Offeror reserves the right to terminate the subscription period early or, if so 
provided in the Final Terms, to extend it, to satisfy subscription applications in relation to the offer only 
partially (in particular in the event of oversubscription), or not to proceed with the issue of the Securities, 
without giving reasons. In the event of the early termination or extension of the subscription period, the 
fixing date applying for the specification of particular features of the Securities, and accordingly the value 
date, may be rescheduled. 
From the start of off-market trading or from the date of stock exchange listing – if provided for in the 
Final Terms – the price of the Securities will be determined by the Market Maker on a continuous basis. 
Delivery of the Securities sold will be made by the relevant paying agent via the relevant central 
securities depository after the issue date or – if there is a subscription period – after the expiry of the 
subscription period on the value date specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a sale of the 
Securities after the value date, delivery will be made via the central securities depository specified in the 
Terms and Conditions in accordance with the applicable local market practices. The Issuer will 
announce further details relating to the issue to be determined at end of the subscription period (if 
necessary) after the end of the subscription period in accordance with section 12 of the General 
Conditions. 
Interested investors may purchase or subscribe for the Securities in the context of the Public Offer in 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Norway and/or Sweden – if so provided in 
the Final Terms – at the issue price or at the selling prices quoted by the Market Maker during the term 
of the Securities via brokers, banks and savings banks from the date on which the Public Offer begins 
specified in the respective Final Terms. The minimum trading size is one Security in each case (unless 
specified otherwise in the respective Final Terms). Details of any transaction costs should be requested 
from the relevant sales partner or from the investor's own bank or broker. No further amounts – subject 
to the stipulation of a price surcharge in accordance with the following chapter 6.7 – will be charged to 
the investor by the Issuer or the Offeror over and above the issue price and/or the selling price. 
The offer size specified in the Final Terms corresponds to the maximum number of Securities being 
offered but does not permit any conclusions to be drawn about the respective volume of Securities 
actually issued and deposited with the relevant custodian in accordance with the rules applicable in each 
case. This volume depends on the market conditions and may change during the term of the Securities. 
5.6 Stock exchange listing, trading in the Securities, pricing 
The Securities offered may be bought and sold during the term via brokers, banks and savings banks 
in principle in off-market transactions and – if so provided in the Final Terms – in stock exchange 
transactions. The respective Final Terms will contain details on whether application will be made for the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Nordic Growth Market (Nordic 
Derivatives Exchange Denmark and/or Finland, and/or Sweden, NDX), Euronext (Amsterdam N.V. 
and/or Paris S.A.) and/or Mercato Telematico of securitised derivatives (SeDeX) of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
or another stock exchange and/or to be included in the regulated unofficial market of an exchange, such 
as the unofficial regulated market (Open Market (Freiverkehr)) of the Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG (Börse 
Frankfurt Zertifikate Premium) and/or Baden-Württembergische Wertpapierbörse (EUWAX). 
Investors should familiarise themselves with the rules and regulations applicable on the relevant stock 
exchanges or off-market trading systems (such as the mistrade rules) before purchasing the Securities. 
Listing 
Where a stock exchange listing is provided for, the Final Terms will contain details of the relevant ex-
changes and market segments to which the Securities are expected to be admitted and/or included, 
together with date of the planned admission to listing and/or inclusion and details of the expected last 
exchange trading day. In this case, the Securities will also be tradable in principle in off-market transac-
tions (as described below). 
As the case may be, Bank Vontobel Europe AG acting as market maker for the Securities (the "Market 
Maker"), will assume an obligation vis-à-vis particular stock exchanges in compliance with the locally 
applicable rules to provide bid and offer prices for certain order or Securities volumes (whereas such 
obligation will not apply in exceptional cases such as technical service interruptions, special market 
situations or a temporary sell-out of the issue). Such an obligation will, however, apply only vis-à-vis the 
respective stock exchange involved. Third parties, such as Security Holders, cannot derive any obliga-
tion of the Market Maker from the above. The purchasers of the Securities can therefore not assume 
that they will be able to sell the Securities at a particular time or at a particular price. In particular, the 
Market Maker is in principle not obliged to repurchase the Securities.

--- Page 44 ---
44/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
44
The exceptions to a binding commitment, if any, of the Market Maker to set prices apply in accordance 
with the relevant rules and regulations, in particular in the case of: 
• 
abnormal circumstances affecting the Market Maker's operations (e.g. telephone problems, tech-
nical faults or power failures); 
• 
unusual market situations (e.g. exceptional market movement of the Underlying due to particular 
circumstances in the home market or unusual events affecting the security used as the Under-
lying during pricing) or unusual market conditions due to serious disruptions of the economic 
and political situation (e.g. terrorist attacks or market crashes); 
• 
(temporary) sell-out of the issue. In these circumstances, only a bid price must be provided and 
an offer price may not be provided. 
Off-market trading 
If only off-market trading in the Securities is provided for in the Final Terms, the Securities will not be 
included in trading on a stock exchange. It will then be possible in principle, however, to buy or sell the 
Securities offered during their term in off-market transactions. 
No secondary market 
The Final Terms may also specify that no market making will be provided by Bank Vontobel Europe AG 
for the Securities to be issued. In this event, investors should not assume that it will be possible to sell 
the relevant Securities during their term. 
Pricing 
The Market Maker undertakes to provide bid and offer prices for the Securities pertaining to the Securi-
ties of an issue subject to regular market conditions. However, Bank Vontobel Europe AG is vis-à-vis 
the Security Holders neither obliged to take over the function as market maker nor to maintain the func-
tion of market maker once assumed. 
In the event of extraordinary market conditions or extremely volatile markets, the Market Maker will not 
provide any bid and offer prices. The Market Maker will provide bid and offer prices for the Securities 
only under regular market conditions. However, even in the case of regular market conditions, the Mar-
ket Maker does not assume any legal responsibility towards the Security Holders to provide such prices 
and/or that such prices provided by the market maker are reasonable. 
The issue price and the prices of the Securities set by the Market Maker in the secondary market on an 
ongoing basis are made up of different components. Those components are: the mathematical value of 
the Securities, the margin and any other charges. If relevant, a price surcharge (premium) is to be paid 
additionally to the issue price. 
The mathematical value of a Security is calculated on the basis of the pricing model used in each case 
by the Issuer and/or the Market Maker and, in addition to the value of the underlyings, also depends on 
other variable factors. The other factors can include derivative components, expected income from the 
underlyings, the volatility of the underlyings, interest rates, the costs of collateralisation in the case of 
Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM), the remaining term of the Securities and the 
supply and demand for hedging instruments. The pricing models are determined by the Issuer and/or 
Market Maker at its own discretion and may differ from the pricing models that other issuers and/or 
Market Makers use to calculate comparable securities. 
The margin is also set by the Issuer and/or Market Maker at its own discretion and may differ from the 
margins that other issuers or market makers charge for comparable securities. The calculation of the 
margin takes into account the price and volatility of the Underlying, the bargain and demand for securi-
ties, costs for accepting and hedging risk, structuring and selling the Securities and, if applicable, licence 
and management fees, in addition to income considerations. The margin may also include costs and 
commissions paid to third parties in connection with services for placing the Securities. 
The Final Terms will specify whether the prices set by the Market Maker will be quoted as a monetary 
amount per Security or as a percentage. If the price is quoted as a percentage, they will also specify 
whether accrued interest will be included in the pricing. 
5.7 Costs and charges 
The Final Terms may provide for one-off costs, ongoing costs and/or distribution charges.  
If so specified in the Final Terms, one-off costs may occur. One-off costs are regularly already included 
in the price of the product. In case one-off costs are not included in the price of the product, these costs

--- Page 45 ---
45/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
45
are indicated separately. An example for such a separately indicated one-off cost is the price surcharge 
(or premium). The price surcharge refers to the additional charge that an investor in the Securities has 
to pay on top of the issue price. It is usually expressed as a percentage of the issue price. The price 
surcharge is paid to the respective distributor; alternatively, the Issuer or the Market Maker may deliver 
the Securities to the respective distributor at the issue price without a price surcharge. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, ongoing costs may occur. In case of products where fees at product 
level or at the level of the proprietary underlying (such as management, performance or administration 
fees) or other ongoing costs are charged and deducted at the expense of the investor (e.g. for proprietary 
indices, actively managed baskets or "portfolios"), these fees or costs are indicated as ongoing costs. 
If so specified in the Final Terms, distribution charges may occur. Distribution charges may be included 
in the one-off costs or may be paid additionally by the investor. Furthermore, distribution charges may 
be paid as a discount on the issue price or as an one-off and/or periodic payment by the issuer to one 
or more financial intermediaries. For example, the respective distributor may receive a placement 
commission if so indicated in the Final Terms. The placement commission is paid as a revenue-
dependent distribution charge to the respective distributor. Placement commissions are paid from the 
sales proceeds as one-time or recurring payments; alternatively, the Issuer and/or the Market Maker 
may grant the respective distributor a corresponding discount on the selling price (with no price 
surcharge). As a further example, the respective distributor may receive a corresponding trailer fee if so 
specified in the Final Terms. The trailer fee (also referred to as a portfolio or trail commission) is a 
recurring payment to the distributor from the sales proceeds depending on the size of the portfolio. 
The distributor acts independently and is not an agent of the Issuer, the Offeror or of the Market Maker. 
If a company of the Vontobel Group is involved in the distribution, the relevant amounts are credited to 
the distributing entity. 
 
Information on any transaction costs may be obtained from the relevant distributor. 
5.8 Note on currency references 
References to "Euro" or "EUR" in the Base Prospectus and in the Final Terms are references to the 
currency introduced at the beginning of the third phase of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. All references to "US 
dollars" or "USD" refer to dollars of the United States of America, all references to "CHF" refer to francs 
of the Swiss Federation, all references to "JPY" refer to yen of Japan, all references to "HKD" refer to 
dollars of the Chinese special administrative region of Hong Kong, all references to "SGD" refer to dollars 
of the Republic of Singapore, all references to "GBP" refer to pounds of the United Kingdom of Great 
Britain and Northern Ireland, all references to "NOK" refer to kroner of the Kingdom of Norway, all 
references to "SEK" refer to Kronor of the Kingdom of Sweden, all references to "DKK" refer to Kroner 
of the Kingdom of Denmark and all references to "AUD" refer to dollars of the Commonwealth of 
Australia and all references to "CNH" refer to Renminbi of the People’s Republic of China (traded 
offshore). 
Where figures are quoted in the Final Terms in another currency, this is expressly noted with respect to 
the figures in question by the identification of the relevant currency or the respective currency symbol in 
accordance with the ISO currency codes (ISO 4217). 
5.9 Approval by the competent authority 
The Issuer makes the following statements: 
a) This Base Prospectus was approved by BaFin under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
b) The BaFin only approves this Base Prospectus with regard to the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and coherence set out in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
c) The approval should not be seen as a confirmation with respect to the quality of the securities 
which are subject of this Base Prospectus. 
d) Investors should make their own assessment of the suitability of these securities for their 
investment. 
5.10 Form of the Base Prospectus and publication

--- Page 46 ---
46/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
46
The Base Prospectus contains the securities note with the information relating to the Securities to the 
extent known at the date of approval, and the required information concerning both the Issuer and the 
Guarantors which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus from the respective registration 
document. 
For the purpose of a new issue or increase, final terms of the offer ("Final Terms") will in each case be 
prepared for the Securities containing the information that can only be determined at the date of the 
respective issue or increase of Securities in the context of the Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms of the Securities will only be determined shortly before the Public Offer and will be filed 
with the BaFin at the latest on the date of the Public Offer in accordance with the provisions of Article 
21 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Final Terms will not be reviewed by the BaFin. 
The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus together with any accompanying supplements are published 
on the Issuer's website (prospectus.vontobel.com), and the Final Terms for an individual issue can be 
obtained by entering the respective ISIN on the website prospectus.vontobel.com. The Base Prospectus 
together with any accompanying supplements thereto as well as the registration forms are published on 
the website prospectus.vontobel.com under the heading “Base Prospectus” and “Registration Forms” 
respectively. In addition, the Issuer will have copies of the Base Prospectus together with any 
supplements and the respective Final Terms available for free distribution. 
5.11 Additional disclosures 
To the extent that information from third parties has been included, that information has been reproduced 
correctly. As far as the Issuer is aware or can deduce from the information published by third parties, no 
facts have been omitted that would render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. The 
source of the information is named directly after the disclosure of the information. 
Unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to publish post-issuance infor-
mation, unless it is information that is required to be published in accordance with legal obligations or in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions as a notice in a national official journal or on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com under the respective heading.  
For clarification: The Issuer will publish significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus in a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 47 ---
47/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
47
6. 
Information about the Securities to be offered 
The Issuer from time to time issues securities with various structures as explained below (the 
"Securities" or "Security Types"). The Securities are underwritten by Bank Vontobel AG, Zurich, and 
offered by Bank Vontobel Europe AG, in each case. The issues of the Securities are made under a 
guarantee given by Vontobel Holding AG (see section 8.b) of the Base Prospectus) (the "Guarantee"). 
The Guarantee may be obtained at the office of the Issuer, Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 24, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, during usual business hours. 
The issue price of the Securities is set by Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Munich – supported by other 
companies of the Vontobel Group. Since the issue size (i.e. the number of Securities), the product 
features and the specific terms of the offer will only be determined at the time of the issue and not at the 
date of the Base Prospectus, this information and the Terms and Conditions set out in section 7 of this 
Base Prospectus must be read together with the Final Terms, which complete the Base Prospectus and 
are published at the start of the Public Offer or Private Placement of the Securities respectively in 
accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The following description is intended to illustrate the general operation of the Securities. The 
Securities are described in detail in the Terms and Conditions. 
The description of the method of operation generally assumes in that the Security is purchased at the 
issue price at the time of the issue. In case of purchases or sales of the Securities in the secondary 
market, particular attention should be paid to the spread, i.e. the difference between the buying and 
selling prices of the Securities set by the Market Maker. 
The Issuer may also increase the issue size of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus. 
The applicable securities identification number of the Securities is set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.1 Form of the Securities 
Securities under the Base Prospectus may be issued as further explained in the following: 
(i) German Global Certificates 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate German Global Certificates to be applicable, the Securities will 
be evidenced by a global certificate (Sammelurkunde) in accordance with section 9 of the German 
Securities Custody Act (Depotgesetz) (the "Global Certificate"). The Global Certificate will be deposited 
with Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (the "Central 
Securities Depository") and will be kept in custody by the Central Securities Depository until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Securities have been fulfilled. No definitive securities will be issued. 
Bearers are entitled to co-ownership interests, economical ownership rights or comparable rights in the 
Global Certificates, which are transferable in accordance with the rules of the Central Securities 
Depository and the laws of Germany. 
(ii) Swiss Uncertificated Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Swiss Uncertificated Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
represent intermediated securities within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated 
Securities (Bundesgesetz über Bucheffekten, "BEG"). They will be issued initially in dematerialised form 
pursuant to article 973 c of the Swiss Civil Code (Zivilgesetzbuch) (law of obligations) as uncertificated 
securities (Wertrechte). Uncertificated securities are created by the Issuer by a registration with a 
register of uncertificated securities maintained by the Issuer. The uncertificated securities are then 
registered with the main register maintained by SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland. 
When the uncertificated securities are registered with the SIX SIS AG's main register and credited in 
one or more securities accounts, intermediated securities are created in accordance with article 6 (1) c) 
BEG. Uncertificated securities in the form of intermediated Securities may be transferred or disposed of 
in some other way only in accordance with the provisions of the BEG and of the applicable law, i.e. by 
crediting the intermediated securities to a securities account of the purchaser. 
(iii) Danish Uncertificated Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Danish Uncertificated Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be issued in uncertified and dematerialised book-entry form and will only be evidenced by book 
entries in the system of VP SECURITIES A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, 2300 Copenhagen 
S, Denmark ("VP SECURITIES") for registration of securities and settlement of securities transactions 
in accordance with Consolidated Act No. 1530 of 2 December 2015 on Securities Trading etc. (the 
"Securities Trading Act"), as amended from time to time, and Executive Orders issued thereunder 
including Executive Order No. 819 of 26 June 2013 on the registration of dematerialised securities in a

--- Page 48 ---
48/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
48
central securities depository (Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en 
værdipapircentral) (the "Registration Order"). Transfers of Securities and other registration measures 
shall be made in accordance with the Securities Trading Act, the Registration Order and the regulations, 
rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by VP SECURITIES from time to time. The 
Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form and no global bearer 
securities or definitive securities will be issued in respect thereof. The Securities issued and cleared 
through VP SECURITIES are transferable negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on 
their transferability within Denmark. 
(iv) Dutch Uncertificated Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Dutch Uncertificated Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be issued and represented by a global bearer security (the "Global Security"), which shall be 
deposited with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V., Herengracht 459-469, 
1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands ("Euroclear Nederland" or the "Central Securities 
Depository"). The Securities will be registered in uncertificated book-entry form with Euroclear 
Nederland. No Securities in definitive form will be issued. The Securities are subject to the Dutch 
Securities Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer, "Wge") (as amended from time to time) and the 
applicable rules issued by Euroclear. Delivery (uitlevering) of Securities will only be possible in the 
limited circumstances prescribed by the Wge. The Security holders shall receive co-ownership 
participations in and/or rights with respect to the Global Security which are transferable in accordance 
with the Wge and the rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Nederland. 
(v) Finnish Registered Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Finnish Registered Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be in dematerialised form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the system of Euroclear 
Finland Oy, PL 1110, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, 00101 Helsinki, Finland for registration of securities and 
settlement of securities transactions in accordance with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts 
(827/1991, as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time) and the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
System and Clearing Operations (348/2017, as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time) to the 
effect that there will be no certificated securities. 
(vi) French Registered Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate French Registered Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be issued in bearer dematerialised form (titres au porteur dématérialisés). Title to the Securities will 
be evidenced by book entries (inscription en compte) in the system of Euroclear France S.A., 66 rue de 
la Victoire 75009 Paris, France ("Euroclear France"), acting as central depository and which shall credit 
the accounts of the relevant account holders, in accordance with the provisions of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code Monétaire et Financier) relating to Holding of Securities (currently, Articles 
L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code Monétaire et Financier). No physical document 
of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier) will be issued in respect of the Securities. Transfers of the Securities and other registration 
measures shall be made in accordance with the French Code Monétaire et Financier, the regulations, 
rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear France. 
(vii) Italian Uncertificated Certificates 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Italian Uncertificated Certificates to be applicable, the Securities 
are issued in bearer uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form pursuant to the Italian Financial 
Services Act (Testo Unico della Finanza) and cleared through and registered at Monte Titoli S.p.A., with 
registered office in Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (the "Central Securities Depository") in 
accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act and the relevant implementing rules governing central 
depositories, settlement services, guarantee systems and related management companies, issued by 
Bank of Italy and CONSOB. 
No physical securities, such as global temporary or permanent securities or definitive securities will be 
issued in respect of the Italian Uncertificated Certificates. However, any holder of Italian Uncertificated 
Certificates still has the right to obtain a certificate pursuant to articles 83-quinquies paragraph 3, and 
83-novies, paragraph 1., letter b), of the Italian Financial Services Act. 
(viii) Norwegian Registered Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Norwegian Registered Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be in dematerialized registered form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the system of the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depositary VPS ASA, P.O. Box 4, 0051, Oslo, Norway (VPS) for

--- Page 49 ---
49/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
49
registration of securities and settlement of securities transactions in accordance with the Norwegian 
Securities Register Act (lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter 2002 5. juli nr. 64). There will be 
neither global bearer securities nor definitive securities and no physical securities will be issued in 
respect of the Securities. Securities issued through VPS must comply with the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act, and the procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VPS from time to time and as 
amended from time to time. Transfers of the title to the Securities and other registration measures shall 
be made in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act (lov om registrering av finansielle 
instrumenter 2002 5. juli nr. 64), the regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by VPS. 
(ix) Swedish Registered Securities 
Where the Product Conditions stipulate Swedish Registered Securities to be applicable, the Securities 
will be in dematerialised form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the system of Euroclear 
Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden for registration of 
securities and settlement of securities transactions in accordance with Chapter 4 of the Swedish 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument) (the "SFIA Act") to the effect that there will be no certificated securities. Euroclear 
Sweden is a Swedish private limited liability company which operates under the supervision of the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and is authorised as a central securities 
depository. 
The holder of Swedish Registered Securities will be the person evidenced as such by the register for 
such Securities maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee (förvaltare) 
in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the 
relevant Swedish Registered Securities. 
Title to the Swedish Registered Securities will pass by way of registration in the Euroclear Sweden 
register, perfected in accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Swedish Registered Securities in Euroclear 
Sweden will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of 
interests in the relevant Swedish Registered Securities will take place in accordance with the then 
applicable rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of Swedish Registered Securities shall be 
treated as the holder of such Swedish Registered Securities for the purposes of payment of principal or 
interest on such Swedish Registered Securities. 
The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the debt register of Euroclear Sweden. 
6.2 General description of the Securities 
The Securities (Leverage Products) issued under the Base Prospectus are tradeable securities and give 
the respective Security Holder (in accordance with the Final Terms of the Securities) the right to the 
payment of a Cash Amount by the Issuer. The rights of the respective Security Holders are governed in 
detail by the applicable Terms and Conditions and are either materialised by a global certificate or global 
note or are registered as uncertificated, book-entry securities during the term of the Securities, in 
accordance with the Final Terms. The settlement procedure for the Securities is described in section 3 
of the General Conditions in conjunction with the Product Conditions 
On the basis of the Securities, investors can participate in the performance of a certain Underlying 
(share, security representing shares (ADR/GDR) or other dividend-bearing security, bond, index, 
commodity, future or interest rate future, exchange rate, interest rate, investment unit or virtual currency) 
or of a basket consisting of one or more of these instruments, without having to purchase the respective 
Underlying or its constituents directly. Because of various features of the Securities, an investment in 
the Securities is not comparable to a direct investment in the respective Underlying or its constituents. 
These include, in particular, the finite term (for Securities that do not have an open-end structure), the 
potential redemption in the form of the payment of the Cash Amount as provided for, the absence of a 
right to distributions (e.g. dividends), subscription rights or other similar income, and the risk of the 
insolvency of the Issuer and of the relevant Guarantor. Depending on the Security Type, there are other 
product features that distinguish the Securities from a direct investment. 
Investors must therefore form a well-founded opinion about the performance of the respective 
Underlying or its constituents when making their investment decisions, and must always be aware that 
the past performance of an Underlying or its constituents does not permit any conclusions to be drawn

--- Page 50 ---
50/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
50
about their future performance. Investors must also always be aware that the performance of the market 
may be different from the performance that they had hoped for. 
The purchase of the Securities may lead to a loss of the capital invested by the investor. In the worst 
case, the risk of loss may result in the total loss of the capital invested and the transaction costs 
incurred. This risk exists irrespective of the financial capacities of the Issuer and of the relevant 
Guarantor. The Securities will only produce a positive return if the Cash Amount is higher than the 
purchase price the investor has paid for the Security (including any associated costs and fees). If the 
Cash Amount is lower than the purchase price paid (including any associated costs and fees), the 
investor will suffer a loss. 
 Investors must always be aware that the market may perform differently from what they had hoped. 
Especially in the case of Securities issued with a finite term, i.e. with a maturity date specified on the 
issue date, in accordance with the Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the price of the Securities 
will subsequently recover its value and return to the level of the purchase price paid by the investor prior 
to maturity. 
6.3 Description of the rights 
Upon the purchase of the Securities, the Issuer grants each Security Holder the right to redemption, i.e. 
to the payment of a Cash Amount on the maturity of the Securities, and – in the case of Securities with 
an indefinite term (Open End Tracker Certificates and Open End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets) 
– to the exercise and redemption of the Securities. All rights and obligations arising in connection with 
the Securities are determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, see section 7 of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Limitations to the rights 
In addition to particular rights applicable in the event of a market disruption event (see section 7.1 of the 
Base Prospectus (Section 7 of the General Conditions)), the Issuer has the ability to terminate the 
Securities extraordinarily in certain cases described in Section 6 of the General Conditions by giving 
notice pursuant to Section 12 of the General Conditions. These extraordinary termination rights will be 
exercised, for example, in cases where, following changes in the Underlying, it is not possible in the 
Issuer's opinion to make an adjustment to the Securities linked to the affected Underlying that makes 
sense in financial terms. 
Furthermore, in the case of Open-End Tracker Certificates and Open End Tracker Certificates linked to 
baskets (i.e. Securities with an indefinite term), the Issuer reserves the right in accordance with Section 5 
of the General Conditions to ordinarily, i.e. without a particular reason, terminate the Securities in whole 
but not in part.  
In the event of an Extraordinary Termination, the Issuer shall pay the Extraordinary Termination Amount 
pursuant to Section 6(3) of the General Conditions (see section 7.1 of the Base Prospectus). There 
exists the risk that the extraordinary termination amount may be zero (0). 
Ranking of the Securities 
The Securities constitute direct and – apart from Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM) 
– unsecured obligations of the Issuer that rank pari passu in relation to one another and in relation to all 
other current and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the exception of 
obligations that have priority due to mandatory statutory requirements. 
A further detailed description of the rights attaching to the Securities – including any limitations 
to them – is contained in the following section 6.4 of the Base Prospectus as well as in the Terms 
and Conditions. 
6.4 Operation of the Securities 
6.4.1 
General information applicable to all products 
The following section contains a general description of the method of operation and principal features 
of the various Security Types that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. The final features of the 
Securities will be specified in the Final Terms. The rights and obligations of the Issuer and of the Security 
Holders are governed finally by the Terms and Conditions. 
Derivative component 
It is common to all of the Base Prospectus presented in this security note that they are risky 
investment instruments. All of the Security Types have a derivative component, i.e. they are financial 
instruments whose value is derived from the value of another financial instrument, the Underlying.

--- Page 51 ---
51/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
51
No current income 
The Securities do not provide current income (such as interest or dividends). The only method of 
generating income is an increase in the price of the Security. Investors must always bear in mind that 
the performance of the market may differ from their expectations. The investor's potential gain or loss is 
always dependent on the purchase price paid for the Securities and is calculated as the difference 
between the purchase price and the Cash Amount, or the difference between the purchase price and 
the selling price in the event that the Securities are sold prior to maturity (in each case taking into account 
transaction costs and any taxes incurred). 
Term, early termination 
The Security Types analysed below are issued either with or without a finite term. Especially in cases 
where the Securities have a finite term or the term ends early as a result of termination by the Issuer or 
for other reasons (as described below for the individual Security Types, where applicable), there can be 
no assurance, in the event that the Security performs badly for the respective investor in relation to its 
purchase price, that its value will subsequently recover before the end of the term to a level at which the 
respective investor will at least not incur a loss. The term of the Securities ends in all cases with 
redemption on the relevant date in each case. Participation in any subsequent price movement of the 
Underlying in a direction that is favourable for the investor is excluded. 
Ratio/strike 
The features of the Securities include either a ratio or a strike, as specified in the individual case in the 
applicable Final Terms. These two alternative features are decisive for the calculation of the respective 
Cash Amount (see the descriptions in chapters 6.4.2 and 6.4.3). 
If a ratio is specified, it may be expressed as a number or as a fraction and indicates the number of units 
of the underlying to which one Security is linked. 
For example: If the ratio is expressed as the number 10, one Security is linked to 10 units of the 
underlying. On the other hand, a ratio expressed as a fraction, for example 10:1, indicates that 10 
Securities are linked to 1 unit of the underlying. Since in the latter example one Security is linked to one 
tenth of an underlying, therefore, this ratio could also be expressed as the number 0.1. 
The strike represents a standardised monetary amount per Security (e.g. EUR 100).Currency 
conversion/Quanto Structure 
If the Underlying for the Securities is denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than the settlement 
currency, the respective rate of exchange between the currency of the Underlying and the settlement 
currency plays an important role in calculating the Cash Amount. This exchange rate may be constantly 
changing and may be different on the date of the currency conversion from the rate of exchange on the 
date when the Securities were purchased. Changes in the rate of exchange between the currency of 
the Underlying and the settlement currency will already affect the value of the Securities during their 
term, since the bid and offer prices are quoted in the relevant settlement currency. 
The Issuer may provide in the Final Terms for all of the Security Types presented below that the features 
of the Securities include currency hedging, with the result that the movement of the exchange rate 
between the currency of the Underlying and the settlement currency has no effect on the level of the 
Cash Amount of the Security. The Issuer or Market Maker achieves this using a quantity adjusted option, 
short Quanto ("Quanto Structure"), and specifies the conversion rate between the two currencies at 
the time of the issue. In the case of Securities with a Quanto Structure, therefore, conversion from the 
currency of the Underlying into the settlement currency of the Securities uses a conversion rate of 1:1. 
For Securities without a Quanto Structure, the Cash Amount is converted into the settlement currency 
at the relevant conversion rate. In this event, the Issuer will specify the relevant exchange rate for the 
conversion of any payments arising from the Securities in the Terms and Conditions. 
Determination of the Product Features 
The "Product Features" of the Securities as particularly defined in the General Conditions will 
principally be determined at the beginning of the offer of the Securities and specified in the Product 
Conditions. 
In the case of Securities with a subscription period, however, the Terms and Conditions may stipulate 
that particular features will only be determined at a later date (the fixing date) according to particular 
criteria set out in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 52 ---
52/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
52
In particular where the underlying is a basket, the Issuer will be able to specify the basket composition 
and the weighting of the individual basket constituents at the start of the offer, but will not yet be able to 
specify the relevant number of the respective basket constituents. This number will only be specified for 
each basket constituent on the fixing date by the calculation agent in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
The individual Security Types are explained below (excluding taxes, charges and transaction costs o). 
The redemption profiles shown below are mere examples. 
6.4.2 
Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) and Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product 
No. 3) (with a finite term) 
Tracker Certificates with a finite term are Securities which enable the investor to participate almost 1:1 
in both increases and also falls in the underlying, subject to some of the parameters described below. 
Rights and obligations in connection with the Securities 
Rights and obligations in connection with the Securities are determined in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions, i.e. the General Conditions and subsection 7.2.1 or – if the underlying is a basket – 
subsection 7.2.3 of the Product Conditions (section 7.2). These include provisions, among others, 
relating to the right to payment of a Cash Amount (section 3 of the General Conditions in conjunction 
with the Product Conditions). The Terms and Conditions also govern the rights of the Issuer to make 
adjustments to the product features and to the underlying of the Securities or its constituents (section 6 
of the General Conditions) or in the event of a market disruption event on the valuation date (section 7 
of the General Conditions).  
Redemption 
Tracker Certificates with a fixed term in principle grant the holder the right to payment of the Cash 
Amount on the maturity date.  
The Cash Amount for the Tracker Certificates is primarily dependent on the performance of the 
respective underlying. The level of the Cash Amount is determined on the valuation date. 
Depending on the underlying and the existence of other factors affecting the level of the repayment (e.g. 
the management fee, performance fee or Quanto interest rate), different methods of calculating the 
Cash Amount are used.  
Calculation of the Cash Amount in the case of a single underlying 
The Cash Amount of the Securities can be calculated on the basis of two alternative methods of 
calculation described in detail below. The calculation method for the Cash Amount applicable to the 
Securities in a individual case is specified in the Final Terms and depends in principle on whether the 
features of the Securities include a ratio or a strike. 
Alternative 1: 
The Cash Amount is equal to the reference price of the underlying taking into account 
the ratio. 
Alternative 2: 
The Cash Amount is determined on the basis of the performance of the underlying and 
is equal to the product of the strike and the percentage performance of the underlying. 
• 
The performance of the underlying is generally calculated as follows: On each exchange day (i.e. 
a day on which the underlying is calculated) the relevant performance for that exchange day is 
calculated by dividing the price of the underlying on the relevant exchange day by the price of the 
underlying on the exchange day immediately preceding the relevant exchange day. The product 
of each one of the individual performances calculated in this manner during the term forms the 
performance of the underlying. The applicable Final Terms may specify a different method of 
calculating the performance of the underlying. 
Where a management fee, performance fee or Quanto interest rate is specified, it is deducted when 
calculating the Cash Amount, reducing its value. 
If the Cash Amount calculated is not positive, the security right expires worthless and the investor suffers 
a total loss. 
Calculation of the Cash Amount in the case of a basket as the underlying 
In the case of a basket as the underlying, the Cash Amount is also calculated in principle in accordance 
with the calculation methods described above; however, the value of the entire basket on the valuation 
date takes the place of the reference price of an individual underlying. The value of the basket is equal

--- Page 53 ---
53/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
53
to the total of the values of all the basket constituents. The value of a basket constituent is determined 
by multiplying the number of a basket constituent by its reference price on the valuation date. 
Modification: Tracker Certificates with conditional bonus payment 
In addition, Tracker Certificates may offer the possibility of receiving an additional Cash Amount (bonus 
amount). The bonus amount is determined at the time of the issue either as a certain amount or, as the 
case may be, depending on the level of objective reference values (for example the level of the 
underlying and / or the performance of the underlying). The bonus amount may be different for each 
observation date or bonus payment date or for individual observation dates or bonus payment dates. 
Bonus payments are based on the reference price or observation price of the underlying ("Conditional 
Bonus Payment"). 
For the purpose of a Conditional Bonus Payment, a determination is made whether a bonus event 
defined in the Product Conditions has occurred on an observation date. If this is the case, the investor 
receives the bonus amount allocated to that observation date. Otherwise, no bonus amount is paid for 
that observation date. 
Following an Early Redemption, no (further) bonus payments are made on the Securities. 
Modification: Tracker Certificates with unconditional bonus payment or interest payment (with Coupon) 
In addition, Tracker Certificates may offer the possibility of receiving an additional Cash Amount 
(coupon). The payment of such coupon will be made irrespective of the performance of the underlying; 
on each bonus payment date specified in the Final Terms, Securities Holders will have the opportunity 
to redeem the relevant bonus amount assigned to the bonus payment date ("Unconditional Bonus 
Payment") or an interest amount on one or more interest payment dates specified in the Final Terms. 
however, that in the event of early redemption no (further) bonus payments are made in respect of the 
Securities or the interest accrual period ends early, respectively. 
Modification: Tracker Certificates with Partial Redemption 
Tracker Certificates may, if provided for in the Final Terms of the Securities, provide for one or more 
partial redemption(s) during the term of the Securities (each a “Partial Redemption”).  
• 
In the case of Tracker Certificates with virtual currencies as an underlying, a Partial Redemption 
will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the respective Final Terms 
of the Security.  
• 
In the case of Tracker Certificates with proprietary indices or proprietary baskets as an underlying, 
a Partial Redemption is made after a prior proposal by the index sponsor to the index calculation 
agent by way of a partial liquidation of the underlying. The partial redemption amount per Security 
corresponds in principle to the partial liquidation amount as determined by the index calculation 
agent of the underlying on the respective reference date of the partial liquidation, multiplied by 
the ratio and converted where applicable into the Reference Currency at the relevant exchange 
rate on that day.  
On the partial redemption date, the Security Holder will receive the partial redemption amount specified 
in the Final Terms if the Security Holder has acquired the Securities before the relevant partial 
redemption date. An Partial Repayment will be announced to the Security Holder by a notice in 
accordance with § 12 of the General Conditions. 
 
6.4.3 
Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) and Open-End Tracker Certificates linked 
to baskets (Product No. 4) 
Open-End Tracker Certificates are Securities which enable the investor to participate almost 1:1 in an 
increase in the underlying, subject to some of the parameters described below.  
Rights and obligations in connection with the Securities 
Rights and obligations in connection with the Securities are determined in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions, i.e. the General Conditions and subsection 7.2.2 of the Product Conditions (section 7.2). 
These include provisions, among others, relating to the right to payment of a Cash Amount (section 3 
of the General Conditions in conjunction with the Product Conditions). The Terms and Conditions also 
govern the rights of the Issuer to make adjustments to the product features and to the underlying of the 
Securities or its constituents (section 6 of the General Conditions) or in the event of a market disruption 
event on the valuation date (section 7 of the General Conditions).

--- Page 54 ---
54/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
54
In addition, the investor has the right to redeem these Securities (exercise right of the holder), provided 
that the investor complies with the conditions for effective exercise set out in section 4 of the General 
Conditions in conjunction with the Product Conditions. The Issuer has granted itself an ordinary right of 
termination in respect of these Securities (section 5 of the General Conditions in conjunction with the 
Product Conditions). In the event of an ordinary termination – as in the case of an extraordinary 
termination – the term of the Securities ends early. 
Adjustments of a futures contract as the underlying by means of a rollover 
Where the underlying is a futures contract, the (current) underlying and the ratio of the Securities are 
also subject to regular changes in the case of Open-End Tracker Certificates. Since futures and interest 
rate futures always have a particular expiry date, a rollover is generally necessary for Securities linked 
to these underlyings, which is carried out on the date specified in the relevant Product Conditions (the 
rollover date). This involves replacing the respective current underlying with another underlying (futures 
contract) which, except for the expiry date which is further in the future, has the same or comparable 
contract specifications. In order to reflect differences in value between the previous and new futures 
contracts, the ratio of the Security – in the case of Securities with a ratio – is modified accordingly as 
part of the rollover. 
If, in the opinion of the Issuer, no futures contract exists at that point in time with underlying terms and 
conditions or contract features that match those of the current underlying which it is intended to replace, 
or in the event of sharply falling or negative prices of futures or interest rate futures, the Issuer may also 
terminate the Securities extraordinarily (and an ordinary termination is in any case possible at any time).  
Redemption in the case of exercise or ordinary termination by the Issuer 
Open-End Tracker Certificates do not have a fixed term and therefore do not grant the holder the right 
to payment of the Cash Amount on a particular date, specified in advance at the time of issue. 
If the Security Holder is unable or unwilling to sell his Securities on a stock exchange or off-market, he 
will be able to redeem the Securities only if he exercises the Open-End Tracker Certificates effectively 
or if the Issuer terminates the Securities early, as a result of which the Cash Amount is paid in both 
cases. The rights arising from the Securities expire in both cases upon redemption. 
The Cash Amount for the Open-End Tracker Certificates is mainly dependent on the performance of the 
respective underlying. The level of the Cash Amount in the event of effective exercise or of ordinary 
termination by the Issuer is calculated as shown below. 
In the event that the rights associated with the Securities are exercised by means of exercising the 
Securities, the valuation date is in principle the date on which the security right is effectively exercised 
by the Security Holder in accordance with section 4 of the General Conditions, so that the Cash Amount 
is also determined accordingly at that time. In the event of ordinary termination by the Issuer, the 
valuation date, and therefore the date on which the Cash Amount is calculated, is based on the timing 
and content of the termination (details in section 5 of the General Conditions). The repayment takes 
place a few days after the respective valuation date. 
Depending on the underlying and the existence of other factors affecting the level of the repayment (e.g. 
the management fee, management fee or Quanto interest rate), different methods of calculating the 
Cash Amount are used.  
Calculation of the Cash Amount 
The Cash Amount of the Securities can be calculated on the basis of two alternative methods of 
calculation described in detail below. The calculation method for the Cash Amount applicable to the 
Securities in a individual case is specified in the Final Terms and depends in principle on whether the 
features of the Securities include a ratio or a strike. 
Alternative 1: 
The Cash Amount is equal to the reference price of the underlying taking into account 
the ratio. 
Alternative 2: 
The Cash Amount is determined on the basis of the performance of the underlying and 
is equal to the product of the strike and the percentage performance of the underlying. 
• 
The performance of the underlying is generally calculated as follows: On each exchange day (i.e. 
a day on which the underlying is calculated) the relevant performance for that exchange day is 
calculated by dividing the price of the underlying on the relevant exchange day by the price of the 
underlying on the exchange day immediately preceding the relevant exchange day. The product 
of each one of the individual performances calculated in this manner during the term forms the

--- Page 55 ---
55/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
55
performance of the underlying. The applicable Final Terms may specify a different method of 
calculating the performance of the underlying. 
Where a management fee, performance fee or Quanto interest rate is specified, it is deducted when 
calculating the Cash Amount, reducing its value. 
If the Cash Amount calculated is not positive, the security right expires worthless and the investor suffers 
a total loss. 
Modification: Open-End Tracker Certificates with conditional bonus payment 
In addition, Open-End Tracker Certificates may offer the possibility of receiving an additional Cash 
Amount (bonus amount). The bonus amount is determined at the time of the issue either as a certain 
amount or, as the case may be, depending on the level of objective reference values (for example the 
level of the underlying and / or the performance of the underlying). The bonus amount may be different 
for each observation date or bonus payment date or for individual observation dates or bonus payment 
dates. Bonus payments are based on the reference price or observation price of the underlying 
("Conditional Bonus Payment"). 
For the purpose of a Conditional Bonus Payment, a determination is made whether a bonus event 
defined in the Product Conditions has occurred on an observation date. If this is the case, the investor 
receives the bonus amount allocated to that observation date. Otherwise, no bonus amount is paid for 
that observation date. 
Following an Early Redemption, no (further) bonus payments are made on the Securities. 
Modification: Open-End Tracker Certificates with unconditional bonus payment or interest payment (with 
Coupon) 
In addition, Open-End Tracker Certificates may offer the possibility of receiving an additional Cash 
Amount (coupon). The payment of such coupon will be made irrespective of the performance of the 
underlying; on each bonus payment date specified in the Final Terms, Securities Holders will have the 
opportunity to redeem the relevant bonus amount assigned to the bonus payment date ("Unconditional 
Bonus Payment") or an interest amount on one or more interest payment dates specified in the Final 
Terms. However, that in the event of early redemption no (further) bonus payments are made in respect 
of the Securities or the interest accrual period ends early, respectively. 
Modification: Open-End Tracker Certificates with Partial Redemption 
Tracker Certificates may, if provided for in the Final Terms of the Securities, provide for one or more 
partial redemption(s) during the term of the Securities (each a “Partial Redemption”).  
• 
In the case of Tracker Certificates with virtual currencies as an underlying, a Partial Redemption 
will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the respective Final Terms 
of the Security.  
• 
In the case of Tracker Certificates with proprietary indices or proprietary baskets as an underlying, 
a Partial Redemption is made after a prior proposal by the index sponsor to the index calculation 
agent by way of a partial liquidation of the underlying. The partial redemption amount per Security 
corresponds in principle to the partial liquidation amount as determined by the index calculation 
agent of the underlying on the respective reference date of the partial liquidation, multiplied by 
the ratio and converted where applicable into the Reference Currency at the relevant exchange 
rate on that day.  
On the partial redemption date, the Security Holder will receive the partial redemption amount specified 
in the Final Terms if the Security Holder has acquired the Securities before the relevant partial 
redemption date. An Partial Repayment will be announced to the Security Holder by a notice in 
accordance with § 12 of the General Conditions. 
Calculation of the Cash Amount in the case of a basket as the underlying 
In the case of a basket as the underlying, the Cash Amount is also calculated in principle in accordance 
with the calculation methods described above; however, the value of the entire basket on the valuation 
date takes the place of the reference price of an individual underlying. The value of the basket is equal 
to the total of the values of all the basket constituents. The value of a basket constituent is determined 
by multiplying the number of a basket constituent by its reference price on the valuation date. 
6.4.4 
Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM)

--- Page 56 ---
56/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
56
Securities with TCM are collateralised by an agreement entered into by Bank Vontobel AG, Zurich, as 
collateral provider, (the "Collateral Provider"), SIX Repo AG, Zurich, acting as a direct representative 
for and in the name of the Security Holder as collateral taker, SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 
Olten, Switzerland, acting as custodian and collateral manager, and Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, 
Frankfurt am Main, as the Issuer (the "Framework Agreement"). 
The Collateral Provider provides corresponding collateral. The collateral is pledged in favour of the 
investors, who are represented for this purpose by the collateral taker. The collateral is used for the 
purpose of satisfying the liabilities of the Issuer to the investors in the event of insolvency or similar 
events (e.g. payment default, restructuring, liquidation etc.) or in the event of under-collateralisation. 
The collateral is selected by the Collateral Provider and deposited with SIX SIS AG in a segregated 
TCM account and securities account in the name of the Collateral Provider. 
The costs of the TCM collateralisation (including the lending costs for the collateral required) are 
reflected in the pricing of the Securities and thus borne indirectly by the investors. 
Method of collateralisation: 
The collateral to be provided by the Collateral Provider is based on the respective value of the product 
(the "Current Value"). The calculation of the Current Value of the product is performed exclusively by 
the Collateral Provider in accordance with recognised accounting principles, but without an independent 
review. Neither the collateral manager nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial Information AG performs a 
recalculation or other review of the calculation of the Current Value. The Collateral Provider notifies the 
Current Value to SIX Financial Information AG which then publishes it. On the basis of the Current Value 
published by SIX Financial Information AG, SIX SIS AG calculates whether the coverage requirements 
for the collateral have been met.  
Neither the collateral manager nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial Information AG are liable for losses or 
damage suffered by a collateral taker as the result of the deficient calculation of the Current Value or 
the deficient notification of that value to SIX Financial Information AG. The Collateral Provider may fulfil 
the function of the calculation agent. The calculation agent will notify the method employed for the 
calculation of the Current Value on request. The method of calculation is specified for each product at 
the date of issue and remains unchanged throughout its term. The collateral provided for a product is 
intended only for that product (the "Earmarked Collateral") and does not collateralise any other 
Securities. 
The collateral taker acquires a security interest in accordance with article 25 (2) b) of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Intermediated Securities (Bundesgesetz über Bucheffekten, "BEG") in the collateral and a right 
of lien in accordance with article 899 et seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Schweizerisches 
Obligationenrecht, "OR") over cash funds provided as collateral. The Current Value of a product is 
calculated by the Collateral Provider, notified to SIX Financial Information AG on each business day and 
published on the corresponding website of SIX Financial Information AG. The collateral is valued and 
adjusted by SIX SIS AG several times on each business day on the basis of the securities prices and/or 
exchange rates provided by SIX Financial Information AG. The permitted collateral is selected by SIX 
SIS AG on an ongoing basis from a variety of types of securities, including those securities representing 
direct or indirect underlyings of the product. The Collateral Provider will inform the Security Holder on 
request about the collateral permitted in each case for the purpose of collateralising the product. 
Liquidation of collateral 
If the Collateral Provider fails to fulfil its obligations, the collateral will be liquidated by the collateral 
manager or a liquidator under the terms of the applicable legal regulations. The collateral may be 
liquidated in particular (the "Liquidation Events"), if (i) the Collateral Provider does not provide the 
collateral required or fails to do so in due time, unless the deficiency is remedied within five (5) business 
days; (ii) the Issuer does not perform a payment or delivery obligation relating to a product when due 
under the Terms and Conditions or fails to do so in due time, unless the deficiency is remedied within 
five (5) business days or (iii) the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (Eidgenössische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht, "FINMA") orders protective measures pursuant to article 26 (1) (f) or (h) of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks (Bundesgesetz über die Banken und Sparkassen, 
"Swiss Banking Act"), restructuring measures pursuant to article 28 et seq. of the Swiss Banking Act 
or liquidation (bankruptcy) pursuant to article 33 et seq. of the Swiss Banking Act with respect to the 
Issuer or the Collateral Provider, or a foreign supervisory authority or competent court issues a 
comparable order. 
Determination of a Liquidation Event

--- Page 57 ---
57/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
57
The collateral manager is under no obligation to undertake investigations with regard to the occurrence 
of a Liquidation Event. For the purpose of determining the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it bases 
its decision on information received from the Collateral Provider or from official sources of information 
(e.g. FINMA). The collateral manager determines whether an event qualifies as a Liquidation Event and 
the time at which the Liquidation Event occurred, with binding effect for the Security Holders. The 
Liquidation Event results in the (early) termination of the Securities. 
Procedure on the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
If a Liquidation Event occurs, the collateral manager is entitled in its reasonable discretion, immediately 
or at a later time, to give public notice of the following: (i) the existence of a Liquidation Event, (ii) all 
relevant procedures it has undertaken in connection with the liquidation of the Earmarked Collateral, (iii) 
all relevant procedures it has undertaken in connection with the usage of the liquidation proceeds and 
their payment to the collateral taker and (iv) all other information relevant to the collateral taker. 
Maturity of the product and Security Holders' claims against the Issuer 
A Liquidation Event in relation to a product does not give rise to the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
in relation to other collateralised Securities of the Issuer. Following the occurrence of a Liquidation 
Event, the collateralised liabilities attributable to the Securities for which the Liquidation Event has 
occurred become due and payable with immediate effect. The collateral manager will notify the Security 
Holder of the maturity date for the Liquidation Event. The acquisition of a Security collateralised in 
accordance with the Framework Agreement by a Security Holder automatically entails acceptance of 
the collateral manager as its representative for the purposes of the triparty collateral management 
arrangement.  
In dealings with the collateral manager and SIX SIS AG, the Security Holders are bound by the 
provisions of the Framework Agreement and in particular the choice of Swiss law and the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Zurich (Switzerland). 
Following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event in relation to a product, the collateral manager 
determines the liquidation value of that product as the last available Current Value prior to the 
occurrence of the Liquidation Event. This value is binding for the Collateral Provider and the Security 
Holders. The relevant Current Values form the basis for the claims of the Security Holders against the 
Issuer at the maturity of the products in accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement. 
Liquidation costs and payment to the Security Holders 
All costs of the collateral manager and all costs in connection with the liquidation of the collateral 
(including fees, taxes and levies) will be covered in advance out of the liquidation proceeds of the 
collateral. Furthermore, the collateral manager is entitled to cover all outstanding claims against the 
collateral taker due to it under the terms of the Framework Agreement in advance out of the liquidation 
proceeds of the collateral. The remaining liquidation proceeds will be available for payment to the 
Security Holders of the product. The pro rata net liquidation proceeds due to the Security Holders will 
be transferred to the participants in SIX SIS AG on a delivery against payment basis. The collateral 
manager is released hereby from all further obligations.  
The Security Holders' claim shall not bear interest. Payment to the Security Holders may be delayed for 
practical or legal reasons. If payment is delayed for any reason whatsoever, the collateral manager and 
SIX SIS AG shall not be liable for default interest or damages. Each product is collateralised by its 
Earmarked Collateral. The maximum claim of a Security Holder for satisfaction out of the net liquidation 
proceeds of the Earmarked Collateral is therefore based on the Current Value of the product. The 
Security Holders' claims against the Issuer arising from the product are reduced to the extent of the pro 
rata net liquidation proceeds paid.  
Liability 
The parties to the Framework Agreement are liable for damages only in the event of gross negligence 
or wilful intent. Further liability is excluded. 
6.5 General description of the underlying 
6.5.1 
General 
The Securities may be linked respectively to shares, securities representing shares (ADRs/GDRs), other 
dividend-bearing securities, bonds, indices and proprietary baskets (including indices within the family 
of Vontobel Strategy Indices, conceived by the Issuer or another company within the Vontobel Group 
(proprietary "Vontobel Strategy Indices") and described in section 13 "List of Vontobel Strategy Indices 
and Dynamic Baskets" of this Base Prospectus as well as to indices provided by a legal or natural person

--- Page 58 ---
58/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
58
acting together with the Issuer or in its name), commodities, futures, interest rate futures, exchange 
rates, units of account, interest rates and investment units and virtual currencies or to baskets consisting 
of one or more of these instruments. Where the underlying is a basket (including a proprietary basket), 
references to the underlying throughout the Base Prospectus are also deemed to refer analogously to 
the individual basket constituents. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the respective underlying or the respective basket constituents and 
contain information about the respective underlying or the respective basket constituents or indicate 
where information about the respective underlying or the respective basket constituents, and in 
particular about its or their past and future performance and its or their volatility, can be obtained. 
In the eventuality that an index is specified as the underlying or a basket constituent in the relevant Final 
Terms and that index is provided by a legal or natural person acting in association with the Issuer or on 
its behalf, the Issuer makes the following statement: 
• 
the complete set of rules of the index and information on the performance of the index are freely 
accessible on the website prospectus.vontobel.com under the heading <<Overview of 
Underlyings>> or on the website of the respective index sponsor or reference agent; and 
• 
the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing 
of the constituents of the index, the description of market disruption events and adjustment 
rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria. 
The Cash Amount may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to an index or a combination 
of indices. Any such index may constitute a benchmark within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such index does constitute such a benchmark, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every index will 
fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the 
Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide further information about the underlying after the issue. 
Description of a virtual currency using Bitcoin as an example 
If the underlying or basket constituent is a virtual currency expressed in another currency (for example, 
US dollar for 1 Bitcoin), the performance of the Securities is affected by the performance of the virtual 
currency. 
Virtual currency is a general term under which cryptographic currencies such as Bitcoin are also 
subsumed. The concept of a virtual currency denotes a certain type of unregulated virtual money that is 
not issued or backed by a central bank.  
In the recent past, the virtual currency Bitcoin has led the way for a new generation of decentralised 
currencies, frequently also referred to as cryptographic currencies. The Bitcoin project was realised 
using open source software, i.e. as a programme that is freely available to everyone. All potential users 
can download programmes (clients) enabling them to participate in the Bitcoin network. The network 
functions on a peer-to-peer basis, in which all users in principle have equal rights in relation to one 
another. There is no central authority which executes, controls or administers transactions or which 
generates Bitcoins. 
Bitcoin is based on the idea of a stateless substitute currency with a limited volume of money. In contrast 
to the fiat money of central banks and the scriptural money of commercial banks which can be issued 
without limit, Bitcoins are created using a mathematical process within a computer network. The 
programmes do this by solving laborious cryptographic problems (mining). As a result of the increasing 
complexity of the problems, the volume of Bitcoins is growing at an ever slower rate until eventually – 
under the arrangements currently in place – it will reach the maximum number of around 21 million. In 
mid-2016, there were more than 15.7 million Bitcoins in existence. Bitcoins are divisible, so that units 
smaller than one Bitcoin can also be transferred. 
Existing Bitcoins are allocated to "addresses". These consist of a randomly generated series of 
characters and numbers. Every user can generate a large number of addresses to which Bitcoins can 
then be allocated. Users manage these addresses with their clients in files known as wallets, which also

--- Page 59 ---
59/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
59
contain the respective private and public pairs of keys used to authenticate Bitcoin transactions within 
the network. Users can transfer Bitcoins between each other to and from their addresses within the 
network. They must communicate the respective target addresses to each other outside the network. 
The Bitcoins at the respective addresses and all previous transactions in Bitcoin are publicly viewable 
in a central file, the blockchain. However, the address in the network does not enable the person actually 
holding those Bitcoins to be identified. Once a transaction has been carried out, it is in principle not 
reversible. As well as transferring Bitcoins within the network, it is also possible to transfer wallets, as 
well as addresses and keys, between people physically, for example using data storage devices. 
In Germany, BaFin has classified Bitcoins, with binding legal effect, as financial instruments in the form 
of units of account in accordance with section 1 (11) sentence 1 of the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz, "KWG"). These are units that are comparable with foreign exchange and do not 
constitute legal tender. This category includes units of value having the function of private means of 
payment in barter transactions, as well as any other substitute currency used by virtue of agreements 
under private law as a means of payment in multilateral settlement accounts. A central issuer is not 
required for this purpose (source: BaFin, Jens Münzer, "Bitcoins: Supervisory assessment and risks to 
users", available at: https://www.bafin.de/dok/7849756; last accessed on 4 June 2021). 
6.5.2 
Proprietary indices 
I. Introduction and basic principles 
The indices belonging to the Vontobel Strategy Indices family (also referred to in the following 
as "Strategy Indices") are not recognised financial indices, but are indices designed and 
calculated by Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland, or another 
company of the Vontobel Group as the index calculation agent ("Index Calculation Agent" or 
"Reference Agent"), whose sole function consists of serving as the underlying for a particular 
type of securities (strategy certificates). 
The Index Calculation Agent makes decisions about the composition, method of calculation and 
publication of the index to the best of its knowledge and belief. The Index Calculation Agent is advised 
by index sponsors for the purpose of the composition of the Strategy Indices. The index sponsors act 
in principle at their own discretion and within the index strategy defined by themselves and for 
which they are responsible (referred to in the following as "Index Strategy" or "Strategy"; see II.2 
below). 
The Index Calculation Agent will carry out the calculation and composition of the Strategy Indices with 
the greatest possible care. However, the Index Calculation Agent and the index sponsors accept no 
obligation or liability with respect to the calculation and composition of the Strategy Indices. The Index 
Calculation Agent is not liable for direct or indirect losses arising from the incorrect calculation of the 
indices, their composition or the other key figures, unless they are due to gross negligence or wilful 
intent on the part of itself, its vicarious agents or their legal representatives. The Index Calculation Agent 
– without prejudice to possible obligations vis-à-vis licensees or index sponsors – has no obligation vis-
à-vis third parties (including index sponsors, investors in strategy certificates and/or financial 
intermediaries) to draw attention to any mistakes in the index. 
The Index Calculation Agent's Strategy Indices do not represent a recommendation by the Index 
Calculation Agent to make an investment. In particular, the composition, calculation and 
publication of the Strategy Indices do not in any way imply an assurance or opinion on the part 
of the Index Calculation Agent with respect to the purchase or sale of an index constituent or of 
a financial instrument linked to that Strategy Index. 
The Strategy Indices are calculated and composed, as far as possible, in accordance with the following 
principles: 
• 
The Strategy Index should reflect the underlying Strategy defined by the respective index 
sponsor as closely as possible. 
• 
Adjustments of the Strategy Index are published without delay. 
• 
The current composition of a Strategy Index is published at least once a day.  
• 
Index constituents are tradeable and available to an extent appropriate to the Strategy. 
• 
The performance of the respective Strategy Index can be replicated by a real portfolio. 
• 
The Strategy of the respective Strategy Index provides reliability and continuity.

--- Page 60 ---
60/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
60
• 
Changes in the rules are communicated with adequate advance notice (generally at least 5 
index calculation days).  
A guide relating to the respective Strategy Index is prepared in each case, which describes in particular 
the composition, calculation and publication of the respective Strategy Index. The respective guide (in 
addition to the description of the respective Strategy Index contained in this Base Prospectus; see 
section 13 "List of Vontobel Strategy Indices and Dynamic Baskets" of this Base Prospectus) is available 
on the website indices.vontobel.com ("Information Page") and can be accessed by entering the 
relevant ISIN. 
II. Index parameters 
II.1 Index sponsor 
The Index Calculation Agent is advised by the index sponsor in connection with the composition of the 
relevant Strategy Index. For this purpose, the index sponsor follows a specific procedure, defined and 
described under II.2 below, according to which decisions are made with respect to the composition of 
the respective Strategy Index.  
In principle, the index sponsor is responsible for selecting and weighting the respective index 
constituents itself and also decides on the timing and scope of changes to the respective Strategy Index 
without consulting the Index Calculation Agent. The Index Calculation Agent is not responsible for 
monitoring compliance with the Strategy by the index sponsor. 
The respective index sponsor for a Strategy Index is specified in the description of the relevant Strategy 
Index. 
II.2 Index Strategy 
A Strategy Index reflects the performance of a virtual investment managed on the basis of a Strategy. 
This Strategy is determined by the index sponsor and the index sponsor is solely responsible for it. The 
Index Calculation Agent neither advises nor assists the index sponsor in connection with the preparation 
or implementation of the Strategy. The Index Calculation Agent is under no obligation to monitor the 
index sponsor's implementation of and compliance with the Strategy; it follows the decisions of the index 
sponsor relating to the selection and weighting of the relevant index constituents in principle without 
carrying out a review of its own. 
The respective Index Strategy and any restrictions, for example a prohibition on replicating leverage and 
uncovered short positions or a limit to the replication of a cash component, are specified in the 
description of the relevant Strategy Index. 
II.3 Index universe 
The description of the respective Strategy Index will also define the index universe which determines 
the financial instruments that can be accepted as index constituents. The respective index universe may 
either be specified definitively on the index start date or may be subject to subsequent modifications by 
the index sponsor.  
The index universe of Strategy Indices is generally restricted to the following financial instruments, which 
must also comply with additional requirements to the extent specified in the description of the respective 
Strategy Index: 
a) 
Shares, other dividend-bearing securities and subscription rights of companies, 
b) 
Shares in collective investment schemes or investment units, 
c) 
Derivative financial instruments (e.g. options, futures, forwards) and structured products, 
d) 
Bonds and other debt securities, 
e) 
Precious metals, and 
f) 
Cash components and units of account. 
Where so provided in the description of the relevant Strategy Index, the Index Calculation Agent may 
be entitled to modify the index universe at the suggestion of the index sponsor and subject to compliance 
with the basic principles. A change in the index universe must be published on the Information Page an 
appropriate period of time (but at least 5 exchange days) prior to becoming effective. 
The Index Calculation Agent may remove individual financial instruments from the index universe 
without notice at any time and without giving reasons, subject to compliance with the basic principles of 
the respective Strategy Index.

--- Page 61 ---
61/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
61
II.4 Index fee, adjustment fees and other costs 
The respective Strategy Index may, as specified in the description of the relevant Strategy Index or 
published on the Information Page, include index fees, adjustment fees and other costs that are 
deducted from the cash component by the Index Calculation Agent when calculating the level of the 
respective Strategy Index, and which therefore reduce the index level.  
Index fee 
As specified in the description of the respective Strategy Index or published on the respective 
Information Page and described in detail where relevant, the index fees may either correspond to a 
variable or fixed percentage of the index level per annum or may be changed by agreement between 
the index sponsor and the Index Calculation Agent up to a maximum of the upper limit specified in the 
description of the relevant Strategy Index or published on the Information Page. 
Unless stated otherwise in the description of the respective Strategy Index or published on the 
respective Information Page and described in detail where relevant, the index fee is charged each 
calendar day, beginning on the index start day. It is calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the 
most recently calculated index closing value, and deducted from the respective cash component 
replicated in the Strategy Index. 
Performance fee 
The index sponsor or the person responsible for the selection of the index components and composition 
of the underlying may receive a performance fee, if applicable. This performance fee is intended to 
provide the index sponsor or the person responsible for the selection of the index components and 
composition of the underlying with an additional incentive to make steady price gains on the underlying 
by selecting index components. The index sponsor or the person responsible for selecting the index 
components and composition of the underlying may therefore receive an additional remuneration 
depending on the performance of the underlying. The amount of this remuneration is determined either 
by the fact that a relevant price of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a certain period of time 
is on or above a certain price or, as the case may be, all previous prices of the underlying (watermark) 
or the performance of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a certain period of time has 
achieved a certain performance or the performance of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a 
certain period of time has achieved a higher performance than a certain reference value or benchmark. 
The index calculation agent shall calculate the performance fee in accordance with the method 
described in the relevant index guide.  
Adjustment fees and other costs 
Additional fees are incurred in the event of Ordinary Adjustments of a Strategy Index in accordance with 
IV.1 below ("Adjustment Fees"). 
The respective Adjustment Fees applicable are described in more detail in the description of the 
respective Strategy Index or as published on the respective Information Page and may be modified from 
time to time by the Index Calculation Agent, to enable the respective Strategy Index to reflect the fees 
chargeable for a real investment at all times. Changes to the applicable Adjustment Fees will be 
published on the Information Page at least one month prior to becoming effective. 
If and to the extent that taxes, fees or other charges would be incurred – or may occure in future – for a 
real investment in accordance with the Index Strategy, the Index Calculation Agent may factor such 
costs into the calculation of the index ("other costs"). Such fees, e.g. distribution fees, resulting from 
the inclusion of investment funds, structured products etc. in the index, will be outlined by the respective 
manager/issuer in the relevant documentation of the index constituent (e.g. prospectus). Other costs of 
the Strategy, in particular costs for the provision of collateral which would be incurred in connection with 
real short positions in derivative financial instruments (e.g. forward transactions), are deducted 
accordingly from the cash component. 
II.5 Other index parameters 
Other parameters of the respective Strategy Index, such as the index currency, index start date, index 
start value, index calculation day and index adjustment date are specified in the description of the 
respective Strategy Index or publidshed on the respective Information Page. 
III. Index calculation 
The respective Strategy Index is calculated for the first time on the index start date specified in the 
description of the respective Strategy Index. The initial level of the Index on the index start date 
corresponds to the index start value specified. The respective current index level will be determined by

--- Page 62 ---
62/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
62
the Index Calculation Agent once a day after the close of business for banks in Zurich (Switzerland), 
rounded to two decimal places and normally published by 10:00 a.m. (local time in Zurich) on the next 
business day in accordance with V. below. 
One index point corresponds to one unit of the relevant index currency. 
III.1 Index formula 
The index level of the respective Strategy Index on an index calculation day corresponds to the index 
formula specified in the description of the respective Strategy Index. 
The index formula and further information relating to the calculation of the index, such as details of the 
prices used or the currency conversion, are specified in the description of the respective Strategy Index. 
III.2 Prices used 
The Index is calculated on each index calculation day using the valuation prices for the index 
constituents. The Index Calculation Agent determines the respective valuation prices after the close of 
business on an index calculation day.  
The Index Calculation Agent bases its determination on the sources of valuation prices specified in the 
description of the respective Strategy Index, in accordance with the type of index constituent. For 
example, the source of the valuation price may correspond to the respective closing price on the principal 
market designated by the Index Calculation Agent in the case of shares and other equity securities and 
rights as index constituents, to the respective net asset value in the case of collective investments or 
investment units as index constituents or to the price reported by a recognised financial information 
service in the case of bonds and other debt securities as index constituents. 
III.3 Currency conversion 
If the valuation price of an index constituent is determined in a currency other than the reference 
currency (or if a cash component is denominated in a different currency from the reference currency), 
those amounts are converted into the reference currency by the Index Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
III.4 Index corrections 
In the event of calculation errors classified as material by the Index Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), index levels are corrected, 
retrospectively if applicable, provided that this is technically possible and makes sense from an 
economic point of view. Otherwise no correction is made. Corrections are published on the Information 
Page. 
IV. Index adjustments 
IV.1 Ordinary adjustment 
In principle, the respective index sponsor selects and weights the respective index constituents itself in 
the context of the Strategy it has determined and also decides on the timing and scope of changes to 
the respective Strategy Index without consulting the Index Calculation Agent (respectively an "Ordinary 
Adjustment"). 
An Ordinary Adjustment can be made on any index adjustment date. The respective index sponsor must 
notify the Index Calculation Agent of adjustments required by a time specified in the description of the 
respective Strategy Index on the respective index adjustment date to ensure that they are implemented 
on the same day. The Index Calculation Agent may reject instructions received at a later time. 
Adjustment Fees in accordance with II.4 above are incurred for Ordinary Adjustments. 
IV.2 Extraordinary adjustments 
If extraordinary events occur in relation to an index constituent, the Index Calculation Agent adjusts the 
composition of the respective Strategy Index, as specified in more detail in the description of the 
respective Strategy Index, and may take additional appropriate measures to enable the respective 
Strategy Index to be continued. 
The objective is to ensure that the respective Strategy Index can be calculated and replicated 
continuously even if extraordinary events occur. One possible measure, for example, is the removal of 
constituents from the respective Strategy Index. 
The Index Calculation Agent decides the new composition of the Index and the index calculation day 
from which it becomes effective in each individual case.

--- Page 63 ---
63/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
63
Extraordinary events comprise insolvencies, other credit events, mergers, takeovers, spin-offs, 
capitalisation measures (e.g. reclassifications, exchanges), delisting, insufficient market liquidity in the 
opinion of the Index Calculation Agent and any events whose tax, regulatory, legal, economic or other 
effects are comparable with one of the events mentioned. 
IV.3 Partial liquidation 
Real portfolios are characterised by the fact that partial liquidations or outflows of money may occur. If 
the index sponsor decides to undertake such measures in the hypothetical portfolio reflected by the 
index, it may propose such measure to the index calculation agent (“Partial Liquidation”). 
In this case, the index calculation agent determines the index day on which the Partial Liquidation 
becomes effective (“Partial Liquidation Effective Date”) by publication on an announcement date (as 
defined in the description of the respective underyling). The index calculation agent may, at its discretion, 
determine an amount (“Partial Liquidation Amount”) that differs from the index sponsor's proposal in 
order to take into account regulatory or administrative measures or changes, e. g. changes in tax rates 
or changes in tax laws, which would affect a real portfolio comparable to the hypothetical portfolio 
reflected by the index. 
In the event of a Partial Liquidation, the index level will be reduced by the Partial Liquidation Amount 
with effect from the Partial Liquidation Effective Date. The Index Calculation Agent decides in its sole 
discretion whether to accept a proposed Partial Liquidation and to reflect it in the Index as described in 
this section. 
IV.4 Distributions and interest 
The Strategy Indices are calculated as performance indices. Dividend payments and other distributions 
are included net of country-specific taxes ("Net Return"). The respective country-specific taxes currently 
in force are published on the Information Page. 
In the case of cash distributions on index constituents, the Index Calculation Agent will increase the 
cash component in the Strategy Index concerned on the relevant payment date in order to reflect the 
distribution. In other cases, the Index Calculation Agent will make a decision on a corresponding index 
adjustment in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), 
in order to ensure that the respective Strategy Index can reproduce the performance that would result 
from a real portfolio. 
In order to ensure that that performance is simulated effectively, "interest" may therefore also be paid 
(or – depending on the current market interest rate environment – negative interest charged) on the 
cash component in the Strategy Indices or, if the balance is negative, debit interest may be charged. 
The respective interest rate applicable is determined from time to time by the calculation agent on the 
basis of current market conditions for the respective currency and published on the Information Page. 
In the event that negative interest rates apply, the Index Calculation Agent may at its own discretion 
stipulate an interest-free allowance for cash components in the respective Strategy Index, if it considers 
it necessary for the effective simulation, in particular, of changes in values and quantities; i.e. only from 
the point at which the cash component included in the Strategy Index exceeds any allowance is negative 
interest charged on the cash component in excess of that allowance. 
More detailed information on distributions and interest is provided in the description of the relevant 
Strategy Index. 
IV.5 Ability to replicate the Index 
In order to ensure that the Strategy Indices can be replicated by a real portfolio (see above I. - 
Introduction and basic principles), the Index Calculation Agent is entitled at all times and without 
consulting the respective index sponsor to increase or reduce the weighting of the cash component 
within the relevant Strategy Index (with the consequence that the weightings of the other index 
constituents are reduced or increased accordingly). 
V. Notices 
All notices pertaining to the respective Strategy Index will be published on the Information Page. Such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which they are published. 
Notices are given purely for informational purposes and do not represent a precondition for legal 
effectiveness. 
Details of the performance and composition of the respective Strategy Index as well as updated 
information on the Adjustment Fees will be published on the Information Page.

--- Page 64 ---
64/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
64
6.5.3 
Proprietary baskets 
Introduction and basic principles 
Proprietary baskets (also referred to in the following as "Dynamic Baskets") are baskets whose 
composition can be changed during the term (dynamic). The composition of a Dynamic Basket may be 
modified in accordance with a dynamic selection method for the basket constituents specified in the 
description of the respective Dynamic Basket. 
The basket calculation agent makes decisions about the composition of the Dynamic Basket, the method 
of calculating the basket and the basket constituents, and the publication of the Dynamic Basket to the 
best of its knowledge and belief and in accordance with the respective selection method. The basket 
calculation agent will carry out the calculation and composition of the respective Dynamic Basket with 
the greatest possible care. However, the basket calculation agent accepts no obligation or liability with 
respect to the calculation and composition of the Dynamic Baskets. The basket calculation agent is not 
liable for direct or indirect losses arising from the incorrect calculation of a Dynamic Basket, its 
composition or the other key parameters, unless they are due to gross negligence or wilful intent on the 
part of itself, its vicarious agents or their legal representatives. The basket calculation agent – without 
prejudice to possible obligations vis-à-vis licensees – has no obligation vis-à-vis third parties (including 
investors in Dynamic Baskets and/or financial intermediaries) to draw attention to any mistakes in the 
Dynamic Basket. 
The Dynamic Baskets do not represent a recommendation by the basket calculation agent to 
make an investment. In particular, the composition, calculation and publication of the Dynamic 
Baskets do not in any way imply an assurance or opinion on the part of the basket calculation 
agent with respect to the purchase or sale of a basket constituent or of a financial instrument 
linked to that Dynamic Basket. 
The Dynamic Baskets are calculated and composed, as far as possible, in accordance with the following 
principles: 
• 
The basket constituents in the Dynamic Basket should reflect the respective selection method 
as closely as possible. 
• 
Adjustments to the composition of the Dynamic Basket are published without undue delay. 
• 
Basket constituents are tradeable and available to an extent appropriate to the respective 
selection method. 
• 
Changes in the selection method are communicated with adequate advance notice (generally 
at least 5 calculation days).  
A description of the dynamic selection method is prepared for each Dynamic Basket, describing in 
particular the possible basket constituents, the calculation and the publication of that Dynamic Basket. 
The respective description of the dynamic selection method can be obtained (in addition to the 
description of the respective Dynamic Basket contained in this Base Prospectus; see section 13 "List of 
Vontobel Strategy Indices and Dynamic Baskets" of this Base Prospectus) on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com and where relevant on the website indices.vontobel.com, in each case by 
entering the respective ISIN. 
Parameters 
Dynamic selection method 
Dynamic Baskets are baskets whose composition can be changed during the term (dynamic). The 
composition of a Dynamic Basket may be modified in accordance with a dynamic selection method for 
the basket constituents specified in the description of the respective Dynamic Basket. 
The basket calculation agent makes decisions about the composition of the Dynamic Basket, the method 
of calculating the basket and the basket constituents, and the publication of the Dynamic Basket to the 
best of its knowledge and belief and in accordance with the respective selection method.  
The description of the respective selection method for the composition of the respective Dynamic Basket 
specifies which financial instruments can be included in the Dynamic Basket as basket constituents. 
The respective selection method may either be specified definitively or may be subject to subsequent 
modifications by the basket calculation agent.

--- Page 65 ---
65/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
65
The selection method used in connection with the selection of the basket constituents of a Dynamic 
Basket is generally restricted to the following financial instruments, which must also comply with 
additional requirements to the extent specified in the description of the respective selection method: 
a) 
Shares, other dividend-bearing securities and subscription rights of companies, 
b) 
Shares in collective investment schemes or investment units, 
c) 
Bonds and other debt securities, 
d) 
Precious metals and  
e) 
Cash components and units of account. 
The basket calculation agent may have the right to modify the selection method, if this is specified in the 
description of the respective selection method. Any change to the selection method must be notified an 
appropriate period of time (but at least one calendar month) prior to becoming effective on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com and where applicable on the website indices.vontobel.com, and can be 
accessed in each case by entering the respective ISIN. 
The basket calculation agent may at any time remove individual financial instruments from the selection 
method without notice and without giving reasons. 
Other parameters of the selection method 
Other parameters of a Dynamic Basket are set out in the description of the respective selection method. 
Management fees  
The basket calculation agent may receive management fees and other fees for the composition, 
calculation and maintenance of the respective Dynamic Basket. These are specified in more detail in 
the respective description of the particular dynamic selection method, and will reduce the value of the 
Dynamic Basket and possibly also the value of the Security linked to the Dynamic Basket. These fees 
may be variable during the term of the Security and may be increased within the range specified in the 
dynamic selection method for the composition of the basket.  
Changes to the applicable fees will be published at least one month prior to the relevant fee becoming 
effective on the website prospectus.vontobel.com, and can be accessed by entering the respective ISIN. 
Performance fees  
The index sponsor or the person responsible for the selection of the index components and composition 
of the underlying may receive a performance fee, if applicable. This performance fee is intended to 
provide the index sponsor or the person responsible for the selection of the index components and 
composition of the underlying with an additional incentive to make steady price gains on the underlying 
by selecting index components. The index sponsor or the person responsible for selecting the index 
components and composition of the underlying may therefore receive an additional remuneration 
depending on the performance of the underlying. The amount of this remuneration is determined either 
by the fact that a relevant price of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a certain period of time 
is on or above a certain price or, as the case may be, all previous prices of the underlying (watermark) 
or the performance of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a certain period of time has 
achieved a certain performance or the performance of the underlying at a certain point in time or over a 
certain period of time has achieved a higher performance than a certain reference value or benchmark. 
The index calculation agent shall calculate the performance fee in accordance with the method 
described in the relevant index guide.  
Calculation 
The respective Dynamic Basket is calculated on a regular basis, beginning on the start date specified 
in the description of the selection method. 
Calculation formula 
The value of the Dynamic Basket is determined in principle on the basis of the calculation methods 
described in the respective selection method; the value of the entire basket on the valuation date (the 
"Valuation Price") takes the place of the reference price of an individual underlying. 
Further information on the calculation of the Valuation Price of a Dynamic Basket, such as details of the 
prices used or the currency conversion, are specified in the description of the respective Dynamic 
Basket. 
Corrections

--- Page 66 ---
66/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
66
In the event of calculation errors classified as material by the basket calculation agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), values of the Dynamic Basket 
may be corrected, retrospectively if applicable, provided that this is technically possible and makes 
sense from an economic point of view. Otherwise no correction is made. Corrections are published on 
the website prospectus.vontobel.com, and can be accessed by entering the relevant ISIN. 
Adjustments to the composition of the basket 
Ordinary Adjustment 
In principle, the basket calculation agent determines the composition of a Dynamic Basket itself in the 
context of the respective dynamic selection method and also decides on the timing and scope of 
changes (including the weighting of basket constituents) to the respective Dynamic Basket (respectively 
an "Ordinary Adjustment").  
An Ordinary Adjustment can be made on any adjustment date. Fees in accordance with II.3 above may 
be incurred for Ordinary Adjustments. 
Extraordinary adjustments 
If extraordinary events occur in relation to a basket constituent, the basket calculation agent adjusts the 
composition of the respective Dynamic Basket, as specified in more detail in the description of the 
respective dynamic selection method, and may take additional appropriate measures to enable the 
respective Dynamic Basket to be continued.  
The objective is to ensure that the respective Dynamic Basket can be calculated and replicated 
continuously even if extraordinary events occur. One possible measure, for example, is the removal of 
constituents from the respective Dynamic Basket.  
The basket calculation agent decides the new composition of the basket and the day from which it 
becomes effective in each individual case. 
Extraordinary events comprise insolvencies, other credit events, mergers, takeovers, spin-offs, 
capitalisation measures (e.g. reclassifications, exchanges), delisting, insufficient market liquidity in the 
opinion of the basket calculation agent and any events whose tax, regulatory, legal, economic or other 
effects are comparable with one of the events mentioned. 
Partial liquidation 
If the basket sponsor proposes a partial liquidation of the underlying to the basket calculation agent 
(“Partial Liquidation”), the basket calculation agent determines the index day on which the Partial 
Liquidation becomes effective (“Partial Liquidation Effective Date”) by publication on the 
announcement date (as defined in the description of the respective underlying). The basket calculation 
agent may, at its discretion, determine an amount (“Partial Liquidation Amount”) that differs from the 
basket sponsor's proposal in order to take into account regulatory or administrative measures or 
changes, e. g. changes in tax rates or changes in tax laws, which would affect a real portfolio comparable 
to the hypothetical portfolio reflected by the basket. 
In the event of a Partial Liquidation, the basket level will be reduced by the Partial Liquidation Amount 
with effect from the Partial Liquidation Effective Date. The basket calculation agent decides in its sole 
discretion whether to accept a proposed Partial Liquidation and to reflect it in the basket as described 
in this section. 
Notices 
All notices relating to the respective Dynamic Basket are given by publication on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com, and can be obtained by entering the relevant ISIN. Such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date on which they are published. 
Notices are given purely for informational purposes and do not represent a precondition for legal 
effectiveness. 
Information about the performance of the respective Dynamic Basket is published on the website 
prospectus.vontobel.com, and can be obtained by entering the respective ISIN. 
6.5.4 
Inclusion of further or amendment or deletion of proprietary indices or proprie-
tary baskets 
The Issuer may include further proprietary Vontobel Strategy Indices or Dynamic Baskets in this Base 
Prospectus by means of a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (see section 13 "List of Vontobel Strategy Indices and Dynamic Baskets" of this

--- Page 67 ---
67/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
67
Base Prospectus). Proprietary Vontobel Strategy Indices or Dynamic Baskets may also be amended or 
deleted by means of a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation 
6.6 Increase of Securities 
Under the Base Prospectus the offer size of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 September 2017, the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018, the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 July 2019 or the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 (all as defined hereinafter; 
the "Original Securities") may be increased (the "Increase"), whereby Securities may be increased 
several times. For this purpose Final Terms will be prepared for the respective Additional Securities (as 
defined hereinafter) in the form as provided for in section 9 of the Base Prospectus. 
The Additional Securities together with the Original Securities form a single issue of Securities within 
the meaning of section 14 of the General Conditions (corresponding to the increased offer size), i.e. 
they have the same securities identification numbers and the same features. 
"Additional Securities" refers to the Securities whose offer size, specified in the Product Conditions, 
represents the increase in the offer size of the Original Securities. The sequential number of the increase 
in the respective Securities is indicated on the cover sheet of the Final Terms.  
In case of an Increase of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus of Vontobel Financial Products 
GmbH dated 13 September 2017 for Tracker Certificates and Open End Tracker Certificates ("Base 
Prospectus dated 13 September 2017"), the Base Prospectus of Vontobel Financial Products GmbH 
dated 13 August 2018 for Tracker Certificates and Open End Tracker Certificates ("Base Prospectus 
dated 13 August 2018"), the Base Prospectus of Vontobel Financial Products dated 10 July 2019 
("Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019") or the Base Prospectus of Vontobel Financial Products dated 
26 June 2020 (“Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020”) (each and together the "First Base 
Prospectus") the terms and conditions set out in section 7 of the Base Prospectus shall not apply to 
the Additional Securities. Instead, the terms and conditions set out in the First Base Prospectus shall 
apply. 
The Final Terms will specify the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Securities. 
The Final Terms will be made available in electronic form on the Issuer's website, prospectus.vonto-
bel.com. Printed copies will be available on request free of charge from the Issuer (Bockenheimer Land-
str. 24, 60323 Frankfurt am Main, Germany).  
6.7 Yield over the term 
The yield of the Securities can only be determined at the end of the term, as only then is the actual Cash 
Amount paid and the actual term of the Securities fully known. Therefore no information on the expected 
yield can be given.  
For the calculation of the individual yield over the entire term, the Security Holder must take into account 
the price originally paid, the Cash Amount, the term of the Securities and the individual transaction costs.  
6.8 Aspects relating to public offers of the Securities 
As described in the Base Prospectus, the Securities may be sold by means of a public offer during a 
defined offer period or during a subscription period, as specified in the respective Final Terms. The 
Issuer and/or the Offeror reserve(s) the right during the respective offer period to cancel the offer. 
Investors should note that, in the event of an offer of the Securities during a subscription period, the 
Issuer and/or the Offeror reserves the right to terminate the subscription period early or, if so provided 
in the Final Terms, to extend it, to satisfy subscription applications in relation to the offer only partially 
(in particular in the event of oversubscription), or not to proceed with the issue of the Securities, without 
giving reasons. In these circumstances, it is possible that an investor subscribing for Securities will be 
allotted only a smaller number of Securities than the number subscribed for, or no Securities at all. 
Payments made by a subscribing investor relating to Securities that are not allotted to the investor for 
one of the reasons mentioned will be reimbursed. Reimbursements may be subject to delay, however, 
no interest will accrue on the amount of the reimbursement. In the event of the early termination or 
extension of the subscription period, the fixing date applying for the specification of particular features 
of the Securities, and accordingly the value date, may be rescheduled. 
In such a case the subscribing investor may no longer be able to make an alternative investment or may 
be able to do so only on less favourable terms.

--- Page 68 ---
68/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
68
6.9 Aspects relating to specific client objective and needs, such as a green or sustainable in-
vestment 
In respect of any Securities issued with specific client objective and needs, such as a green or 
sustainable investment, there can be no assurance that such client objective and needs will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The target market distributed by the Offeror relating to any specific Securities may provide that it aims 
to fit specific client objective and needs, such as the client objective and need for a “green”, 
“sustainable”, “environmental”, “ESG” (Environmental, Social and Governance) or equivalently-labelled 
investment which – in case of a “environmental” or “green” investment – may provide a substantial 
contribution to a given environmental objective for a given economic activity ("ESG Contribution"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant target market 
regarding such specific client objective and needs and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Securities together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the 
identification of client objective and needs will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any ESG Contribution. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently 
no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green”, “sustainable”, “environmental”, “ESG” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any ESG Contribution will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “environmental”, “ESG” or other equivalently-labelled objectives 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the term of a 
respective Securities, the implementation of any economic activity or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any ESG Contribution. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Securities and in particular with any ESG Contribution to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Securities. Any such opinion or certification 
is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Securities. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “ESG”, “environmental” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any ESG Contribution. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Securities or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Securities. 
6.10 Continuation of the Public Offer 
Under this Base Prospectus, the public offer of Securities which first commenced under the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 and which is continuing uninterrupted at the date of approval of this 
Base Prospectus, will continue on the basis of this and any succeeding base prospectuses in

--- Page 69 ---
69/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
69
accordance with Article 8 paragraph 11 of the Prospectus Regulation until the end of the offer term of 
the Securities (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) as described below: 
For the Securities referred to in section "14. List of Securities with a continuation of the public offer" of 
this Base Prospectus, for which the public offer is continuing, the Terms and Conditions included in the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 will continue to be legally binding. Therefore, the General 
Conditions contained in the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions contained in Section 7 of this Base Prospectus are 
not relevant for the Securities for which the public offering is continued. 
The Securities whose public offering is to be continued are identified by listing their international security 
identification number (ISIN) in section "14. List of Securities with a continuation of the public offer" of 
this Base Prospectus. The Final Terms for the Securities identified therein are published on the website 
https://prospectus.vontobel.com and are available by entering the respective ISIN.

--- Page 70 ---
70/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
7. 
Terms and Conditions 
The "General Conditions" (see chapter 7.1 of the Base Prospectus) apply to all Securities to be issued under 
this Base Prospectus, except for the increase of issues publicly offered for the first time under the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 September 2017, the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018, the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 July 2019 or the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020. The features of the Securities and in particular 
the precise nature of the security right are specified in each case in the "Product Conditions" (see chapter 
7.2 of the Base Prospectus). The Product Conditions supplement the General Conditions with the product- 
and issue-specific product features.  
The product features identified by means of a placeholder ● or square brackets [  ] as an option in the Product 
Conditions will be not be specified by the Issuer until shortly prior to the start of the offer and will be added in 
the Final Terms. If, in the event of an offer of Securities during a subscription period, details of the relevant 
Securities are not specified until the subscription period has expired, those details will be published in the 
manner prescribed in the Final Terms. 
The Product Conditions in the form in which they are published in the Final Terms must be read in conjunction 
with the General Conditions and together with the General Conditions constitute the terms and conditions (the 
"Terms and Conditions"). The General Conditions will not be repeated in the Final Terms. 
References in the Base Prospectus or in the Final Terms to the term "Securities" are intended to include all 
securities and every form in which securities and intermediated securities are issued under the Base Prospec-
tus and the Final Terms. 
7.1 General Conditions 
Section 1 Security Right, Status, Guarantee 
(1) Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, (the "Issuer") issues Securities from 
time to time. The Issue Date and the Issue Size of the Securities shall be specified in each case in the Product 
Conditions. The General Conditions and the Product Conditions, as published in the Final Terms, together 
constitute the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). 
(2) Each Security identified by its respective securities identification numbers (in each case a "Security") shall 
contain the right for each Security Holder (as defined in section 8 (4) below) to demand from the Issuer 
redemption of the Security in accordance with section 3 of these General Conditions in conjunction with the 
Product Conditions (the "Security Right"). 
(3) The Securities shall not bear interest and shall not entitle the Security Holder to dividend payments or other 
distributions. Termination of the Securities by the Security Holder shall not be possible. 
(4) The obligations arising from the Securities constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer that 
rank pari passu in relation to one another and in relation to all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, with the exception of obligations that have priority due to mandatory statutory requirements. 
If the Product Conditions provide for triparty collateral management (TCM) for the Securities, the obligations 
arising from the Securities constitute – notwithstanding the preceding sentence – direct obligations of the 
Issuer that are secured by assets of the Collateral Provider in accordance with section 15.  
(5) The performance of the Issuer's obligations under these Terms and Conditions is guaranteed by Vontobel 
Holding AG, Zurich, Switzerland (the "Guarantor"). The obligations of the Guarantor under the guarantee (the 
"Guarantee") constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor that rank pari passu 
in relation to one another. Upon the first request of the Security Holders and written confirmation by them that 
an amount relating to the Securities has not been paid by the Issuer at the proper time, the Guarantor shall 
pay to the Security Holders without undue delay all amounts payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. All rights and obligations arising from the Guarantee shall be subject in all respects to Swiss law. 
The courts of the Canton of Zurich shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all actions and legal disputes relating 
to the Guarantee. The place of jurisdiction shall be Zurich 1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, appeals may be 
lodged with the Swiss Federal Supreme Court (Schweizerisches Bundesgericht) in Lausanne, whose decision 
shall be final. 
(6) If the Product Conditions provide for triparty collateral management (TCM) pursuant to section 15, the 
Security Holders shall be bound in dealings with the collateral manager and SIX SIS AG by the provisions of 
the Framework Agreement, specifically the choice of Swiss law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of 
the Canton of Zurich (Switzerland).

--- Page 71 ---
71/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Section 2 Definitions 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply, subject to more specific 
provisions in the Product Conditions: 
Basket Constituent(s) 
may mean any of the financial instruments named in connection with a 
basket as the Underlying. All of the Basket Constituents together 
comprise the "Basket Composition". 
Bonus Amount 
shall have – if applicable – the meaning specified in the Product Condi-
tions. 
Bonus Threshold 
shall have – if applicable – the meaning specified in the Product Condi-
tions. 
Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday), 
a) on which the relevant Central Securities Depository and/or Clearing 
System is open for business transactions; and 
(b) on which either (i) – for payments to be made in Euro – the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System is operating or (ii) – for payments to be made in 
any other currency than Euro – commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in the principal financial centre in the country of 
the currency process payments and are open for business 
transactions (including trading in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits). 
Conversion Rate 
means, in the event that it is necessary to convert the Cash Amount from 
the Currency of the Underlying into the Settlement Currency of the 
Security and – where the Underlying is a basket – in the event that it is 
necessary to convert the Reference Price of a Basket Constituent into the 
Currency of the Underlying, the conversion rate specified in the Product 
Conditions.  
Currency of the 
Underlying 
means the currency specified in the Product Conditions in which the 
Underlying is traded or in which its rate or price is determined.  
Derivatives Exchange 
means any derivatives exchange or any trading system which has been 
specified in the Product Conditions for the Underlying or a Basket 
Constituent for the purpose of determining Market Disruption Events 
pursuant to section 7 or the making of adjustments pursuant to section 6 
or the determination of the (respective) Reference Price, as well as their 
legal successors and any substitute exchange or any substitute trading 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts linked to the 
Underlying or a Basket Constituent has been transferred. 
If no derivatives exchange has been specified in the Product Conditions, 
the Derivatives Exchange for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
shall be the derivatives exchange with the greatest trading volume in 
options and futures contracts linked to the Underlying or a Basket 
Constituent. 
Exchange Day 
shall have the meaning specified in the Product Conditions. 
Exercise Date(s) 
means, in the event that an exercise right pursuant to section 4 exists, the 
dates specified in the Product Conditions on which the Security Holder 
may redeem the Securities and therefore require payment of the Cash 
Amount. 
The Issuer shall specify the "First Exercise Date" and the "Exercise 
Record Date" (if applicable) in the Product Conditions. 
The Issuer shall also specify the "Exercise Agent" in the Product 
Conditions. 
Expiry Date (Data di 
Scadenza) 
Means the Expiry Date set out in the Product Conditions.

--- Page 72 ---
72/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Initial Price of the 
Underlying 
means the value, price or rate of the Underlying on the Issue Date of the 
Security specified in the Product Conditions. 
Issue Date 
means the date specified in the Product Conditions on which the 
Securities are issued or – in the event of early termination or an extension 
of the subscription period – the date announced by the Issuer in 
accordance with section 12. 
Offer Size 
describes the issue volume and means the total offer size of the issue 
specified in the Product Conditions. 
Maturity Date 
means the Business Day specified in the Product Conditions on which the 
Issuer pays the Cash Amount via the central securities depositary for 
onward transfer to the Security Holders. 
Minimum Exercise 
Number 
means the minimum number of Securities specified in the Product 
Conditions that must be exercised in order for exercise to be effective in 
accordance with section 4. 
Observation Date 
shall have – if the possibility of a bonus payment pursuant to section 5 is 
provided for – the meaning specified in the Product Conditions. 
Product Features 
means the Product Features set out in the Product Conditions. 
Ratio 
means – if applicable – the relationship between the Security and the 
Underlying specified in the Product Conditions. 
If it is specified as a fraction, it expresses the number of Securities 
required to represent a particular number of Underlyings, i.e.:  
number of Securities : number of Underlyings 
If it is specified as a decimal number, it expresses the number of units of 
the Underlying to which a Security is linked, i.e.:  
number of Underlyings for 1 Security. 
Reference Agent 
shall have the meaning specified in the Product Conditions. 
Reference Price 
means the relevant value, price or rate of the Underlying or the Basket 
Constituent specified in the Product Conditions. 
Settlement Currency 
means the currency specified in the Product Conditions in which the 
Security is issued. 
Strike 
shall have – if applicable – the meaning specified in the Product 
Conditions. 
Term 
means the term of the Securities specified in the Product Conditions. The 
Term always starts on the Issue Date. 
Termination Date(s) 
means – if an Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer pursuant to 
section 5 is applicable – the dates on which the Issuer can terminate the 
Securities ordinarily and so arrange for the payment of the Ordinary 
Termination Amount. 
The Issuer shall specify in the Product Conditions either fixed Termination 
Dates or the "First Termination Date" together with the rules for 
determining the subsequent Termination Dates and stipulate the 
"Termination Record Date". 
Underlying(s) 
means the (respective) Underlying(s) specified in the Product Conditions. 
The Underlying may be either an individual financial instrument (i.e. 
shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or GDRs), other dividend-
bearing securities, indices, bonds, commodities, futures or interest rate 
futures, exchange rates, interest rates or investment units as well as 
virtual currencies) or a basket consisting of two or more of these financial 
instruments, the "Basket Constituents".

--- Page 73 ---
73/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
For the purposes of sections 6 and 7, if the Underlying is a basket, 
references to the Underlying are expressly deemed to refer to the 
individual Basket Constituents as well. 
Valuation Date 
means the relevant date for the determination of the Reference Price in 
accordance with the Product Conditions, subject to any postponement 
pursuant to section 7. 
 
Section 3 Redemption, Maturity 
Subject to extraordinary termination by the Issuer pursuant to section 6 (3) and in accordance with the other 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions each Security shall create a claim on the part of the Security Holder 
against the Issuer for the redemption of the Securities by payment of a monetary amount (the "Cash Amount") 
on the Maturity Date and, if the Registry Type is stipulated to be Italian Uncertificates Certficates and the 
Securities have a finite term, shall automatically expire on the Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza). 
The Security Holder's claim shall be determined, calculated, become due and be satisfied in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions, i.e. these General Conditions in conjunction with the Product Conditions. 
(1) Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) 
(a) 
Subject to sections 6 and 7 and – if applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions – subject to 
sections 15 and 16, the Securities shall be redeemed automatically on the Maturity Date and redemption 
shall be effected by payment of the Cash Amount, calculated on the Valuation Date in accordance with 
the Product Conditions, provided that the Cash Amount is positive.  
(b) 
If the Cash Amount on the Valuation Date is not positive, the Security Right shall expire worthless. 
(c) 
If applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions, the Securities may either entitle the holder to 
bonus payments pursuant to section 13 (2) or shall bear interest pursuant to section 13 (3) to (6), as 
specified in each case in conjunction with the Product Conditions. They shall not carry any further 
entitlement to dividend payments or other distributions. 
(d) 
For this security type, the Product Conditions set out under chapter 8.2.1 shall apply.  
(2) 
Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) 
(a) 
Subject to sections 5, 6 and 7 and – if applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions – subject 
to sections 15 and 16, and subject to the effective exercise of the Security Right by the Security Holder 
in accordance with section 4 in conjunction with the Product Conditions, the Securities shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the Cash Amount, calculated on the Valuation Date in 
accordance with the Product Conditions, provided that the Cash Amount is positive. 
(b) 
If the Cash Amount is not positive, the Security Right shall expire worthless. 
(c) 
If applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions, the Securities may either entitle the holder to 
bonus payments pursuant to section 13 (2) or shall bear interest pursuant to section 13 (3) to (6), as 
specified in each case in conjunction with the Product Conditions. They shall not carry any further 
entitlement to dividend payments or other distributions. 
(d) 
For this security type, the Product Conditions set out under chapter 8.2.2 shall apply.  
(3) 
Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3) 
(a) Subject to sections 6 and 7 and – if applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions – subject to 
sections 15 and 16, the Securities shall be redeemed automatically on the Maturity Date and redemption 
shall be effected by payment of the Cash Amount, calculated on the Valuation Date in accordance with 
the Product Conditions, provided that the Cash Amount is positive. 
(b) If the Cash Amount on the Valuation Date is not positive, the Security Right shall expire worthless. 
(c)  The Securities shall not bear interest or bonus payments (i.e. section 13 (2) to (6) is not applicable) 
and shall not entitle the holder to dividend payments or other distributions. 
(d) For this security type, the Product Conditions set out under chapter 8.2.3 shall apply.  
(4) 
Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4) 
(a) Subject to sections 5, 6 and 7 and – if applicable in accordance with the Product Conditions – subject 
to sections 15 and 16, and subject to the effective exercise of the Security Right by the Security Holder

--- Page 74 ---
74/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
in accordance with section 4 in conjunction with the Product Conditions, the Securities shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the Cash Amount, calculated on the Valuation Date in 
accordance with the Product Conditions, provided that the Cash Amount is positive. 
(b) If the Cash Amount is not positive, the Security Right shall expire worthless. 
(c) The Securities shall not bear interest or bonus payments (i.e. section 13 (2) to (6) is not applicable) and 
shall not entitle the holder to dividend payments or other distributions. 
(d) For this security type, the Product Conditions set out under chapter 8.2.4 shall apply.  
Section 4 Exercise Right of the Security Holder 
If the Product Conditions include an Exercise Right of the Security Holder in accordance with the provisions 
of this section 4, the following shall apply: 
(1) The Security Holder can exercise the Security Right on each Exercise Date.  
The effective exercise of the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions shall give the Security 
Holder the right specified in section 3 in conjunction with the Product Conditions to the payment of the Cash 
Amount by the Issuer. Where applicable, an Interest Amount or Bonus Amount in accordance with section 13 
(2) to (6) shall also be paid. 
The exercise of the Issuer's Ordinary Right of Termination in accordance with section 5 (if provided for in the 
Product Conditions) shall not prevent the Security Holder from exercising the Security Right on an Exercise 
Date up until the Ordinary Termination Date (exclusive). An exercise notice received after this date shall be 
invalid. 
(2) In order to validly exercise the Security Right with respect to an Exercise Date the Security Holder is obliged 
to 
(a) 
deliver a duly completed and filled in Exercise Notice via the account holding bank to the Exercise Agent 
in the form available at the Exercise Agent or by providing all information and statements as provided 
for in paragraph (4) below; and 
(b) 
deliver the Securities via the account holding bank to the account of the Exercise Agent with the Central 
Securities Depository. 
The Exercise Notice has to be received by the Exercise Agent until the Exercise Cut-Off Date for the relevant 
Exercise Date by the Exercise Time. The Securities have to be delivered to the account of the Exercise Agent 
with the Central Securities Depository until the Exercise Date. 
The Exercise Agent may further agree with the Issuer other circumstances in which an Exercise Notice is to 
be deemed as valid. 
(3) Security Rights can only be exercised for the Minimum Exercise Number of Securities or for an integral 
multiple thereof. Any exercise of less than the Minimum Exercise Number of Securities shall be void. Any 
exercise of more than the Minimum Exercise Number of Securities that is not an integral multiple thereof, shall 
be deemed to be an exercise of the next smaller number of Securities which is the minimum number or an 
integral multiple thereof. Securities exceeding the Minimum Exercise Number or an integral multiple thereof 
shall be re-transferred for the cost and the risk of the Security Holder to the account holding bank. 
(4) The "Exercise Notice" shall be a notice submitted by the Security Holder giving the following information: 
(a) 
name and address of the Security Holder, 
(b) 
notice by the Security Holder of his irrevocable intention hereby to exercise his Security Right, 
(c) 
exact description of the Securities (including the ISIN), the series and the number of Securities for which 
the Security Right is being exercised,  
(d)  
representation that (i) the Security is not being exercised within the United States, (ii) the Exercise Notice 
or the Delivery Notice, as applicable, is not being delivered within the United States, (iii) the holder is 
not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended), (iv) the Security is not being exercised, or the Delivery Notice is not being delivered, on 
behalf of a U.S. person and (v) no cash, no securities or other property have been or will be transferred 
in the United States or to, or the account of benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise or 
redemption thereof, and 
(e) 
settlement instructions for the account holding bank. 
(5) The Exercise Notice shall be binding and irrevocable once it has been received by the Exercise Agent.

--- Page 75 ---
75/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the requirements laid out in paragraphs (2) to (4) above are met on the relevant Exercise Cut-Off Date by 
the Exercise Time, the Exercise Notice shall take effect on the respective Exercise Date. If an Exercise Notice 
is received late or if the Securities to which an Exercise Notice relate are not delivered to the Exercise Agent 
at the proper time or not delivered at all, such Exercise Notice shall become effective on the next following 
Exercise Date for which the requirements laid out in paragraphs (2) to (4) are met. 
If the number of Securities specified in the Exercise Notice differs from the number of Securities transferred 
within the period specified, then the Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been submitted only in respect 
of the number of Securities corresponding to the lesser of the two figures. 
In both cases, surplus Securities shall be retransferred to the account holding bank at the cost and risk of the 
Security Holder. 
If the Underlying is a share, a security representing shares or another dividend-bearing security, the Exercise 
Date shall be postponed to the next Exchange Day if it falls on a day on which the company of the Underlying 
resolves a dividend payment. 
(6) Once a valid Exercise Notice has been submitted, no further transfer of the Securities shall be permitted. 
(7) Upon payment of the Cash Amount and – where applicable and if any – an Interest Amount or Bonus 
Amount, all rights of the Security Holder deriving from the Securities exercised shall expire. 
Section 5 Ordinary Termination of the Securities by the Issuer 
If the Product Conditions include an Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of this section 5, the following shall apply: 
(1) The Issuer shall have the right to terminate all of the Securities ordinarily on the Termination Dates specified 
in the Product Conditions ("Ordinary Termination"). 
(2) Ordinary Termination shall be effected by giving notice pursuant to section 12. The Issuer shall give notice 
of Ordinary Termination at the latest on the Termination Record Date. The notice must specify the Termination 
Date on which termination becomes effective (the "Ordinary Termination Date") and shall be irrevocable. 
(3) In the event of an Ordinary Termination, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Ordinary Termination 
Date. The Issuer will pay the ordinary termination amount (the "Ordinary Termination Amount") to the 
Security Holders. The calculation and payment of the Ordinary Termination Amount for each Security shall 
follow the same procedure as the calculation and payment of the Cash Amount upon exercise in accordance 
with section 4 in conjunction with the Product Conditions; the Ordinary Termination Date shall replace the 
Exercise Date in all respects. The rights arising from the Securities shall expire upon payment of the Ordinary 
Termination Amount. 
(4) The right of the Security Holders to exercise the Securities on an Exercise Date prior to the Ordinary 
Termination Date shall remain unaffected. An exercise notice received after that time shall be invalid. 
Section 6 Adjustments, Extraordinary Termination of the Securities by the Issuer 
Where the Underlying consists of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) or other 
dividend-bearing securities, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
capital increase by way of the issue of new shares or other dividend-bearing securities against 
contributions in cash or in kind with the grant of a subscription right, capital increase from retained 
earnings, issue of securities with option or conversion rights into shares, distribution of special dividends, 
capital reduction, share split, subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the shares, 
(b) 
spin-off of a division of the company in such a manner that a new independent company is created or 
the division is absorbed by a third company, 
(c) 
probable or definitive cessation of stock exchange trading in the shares as a result of a bankruptcy, a 
merger by absorption or new company formation or takeover of the company of the Underlying by 
another company, 
(d) 
or another comparable event that, after determination by the Issuer, results in a dilution or concentration 
of the theoretical value of the relevant share, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions.

--- Page 76 ---
76/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
If a Derivatives Exchange is specified in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for 
the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and terms of the adjustment on the manner in which 
the relevant Derivatives Exchange makes corresponding adjustments for futures or options contracts on the 
Underlying (share) traded on it, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of 
the adjustment rules of the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
The list presented above is not final. The decisive factor is whether the Derivatives Exchange considers it 
necessary to adjust the contract size, a contract underlying or the quotation of the relevant Reference Agent 
for the determination of the price of the shares, or would consider it necessary if futures or options contracts 
on the Underlying were traded there. If neither futures nor options contracts linked to the shares of the company 
are traded on the Derivatives Exchange, the adjustment shall be made in the manner in which the Derivatives 
Exchange would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there. If doubts arise in this 
event relating to the application of the adjustment rules of the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer shall decide 
such questions in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). In 
such cases, the Issuer shall endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic 
position of the Security Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
The Issuer shall be entitled where appropriate to depart from the adjustments made by the Derivatives 
Exchange if it considers such a course of action to be necessary in its reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) in order to reflect differences between these Securities and 
the futures and options contracts traded on the Derivatives Exchange. This applies in particular to measures 
pursuant to paragraph (1) (b) and (c). Irrespective of whether, which and when adjustments are made on the 
Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer may make adjustments with the aim of ensuring that Security Holders remain 
as far as possible in the same economic position they were in prior to the measures pursuant to paragraph (1) 
(b) and (c). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first Exchange Day on which 
trading in the corresponding futures or options contracts takes place after taking account of the adjustment. If 
no corresponding futures or options contracts are traded on a derivatives exchange, the Issuer will also, in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), determine the Effective 
Date on which the adjusted Product Features shall apply for the first time, taking into account the timing of the 
change, adjustment or other measure. 
Such adjustments may relate, in particular, to the Product Features as well as to the replacement of the share 
which forms an Underlying for the Security by a basket of shares or, in the case of a merger, by shares of the 
absorbing or newly formed company in an adjusted amount and, where appropriate, the designation of a 
different reference agent as the new Reference Agent. 
If, in the event that a basket forms the Underlying, a share representing a Basket Constituent is itself replaced 
by a basket of shares as a result of the adjustment by the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer may specify only 
one share as the (new) Basket Constituent and sell the remaining shares from the basket resulting from the 
adjustment by the Derivatives Exchange on the first exchange trading day following the Effective Date at a 
time to be determined in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) of the Issuer and - in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) of the Issuer – either (i) reinvest the proceeds immediately afterwards in one, several or all of the 
remaining Basket Constituents or (ii) form a cash component as Basket Constituent. The Issuer may also base 
the selection of this (new) share in particular on the market capitalisation of the shares under consideration on 
the Effective Date. If one or more of the shares to be sold are not traded on a stock exchange until a later date, 
the Effective Date shall be postponed to the date on which all of the shares to be sold are tradeable on a stock 
exchange. 
If the Underlying consists of a basket and, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, an appropriate replacement of the Basket Constituent (share) in question 
is not possible for any reason whatsoever, the Issuer may proceed in accordance with paragraph (3) and 
terminate all of the Securities extraordinarily or replace the Basket Constituent in question with a cash 
component. The cash component shall not bear interest. The Issuer shall decide in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) whether to proceed in accordance with this 
paragraph or in accordance with paragraph (3).

--- Page 77 ---
77/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Derivatives Exchange, an appropriate adjustment is not possible for any reason whatsoever (or if the 
Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the Underlying early, or 
would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer shall be entitled, but 
not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become effective at the time notice is 
given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the 
Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of an extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business 
Days after the Termination Date an amount in respect of each Security (the "Termination Amount"), which 
shall represent an appropriate market price for a Security immediately prior to the Termination Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 
315, 317 BGB), taking into account the remaining time value. For the purpose of determining the Termination 
Amount for Securities with a finite Term in the event of termination following a merger event in the form of a 
takeover bid for which the consideration consists wholly or mainly of cash, the Calculation Agent may, in 
addition to the factors mentioned above, take into account the price of the relevant share immediately after the 
takeover bid is announced as well as other market parameters prevailing directly prior to the announcement 
of the takeover bid, and in particular may take into consideration all the rules that a derivatives exchange 
applies or would normally apply for the purpose of determining the theoretical fair value of the shares, such as 
expected dividends and implied volatilities. 
In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall apply analogously to the payment of the Termination 
Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Derivatives Exchange, an appropriate adjustment is not possible for any reason whatsoever (or if the 
Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the Underlying early, or 
would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer shall be entitled, but 
not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may also 
terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making economically 
reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of hedging 
transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred to as 
"Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in 
accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall 
end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of an extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business 
Days after the Termination Date an amount in respect of each Security (the "Termination Amount"), which 
shall represent an appropriate market price for a Security immediately prior to the Termination Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 
315, 317 BGB), taking into account the remaining time value. For the purpose of determining the Termination 
Amount for Securities with a finite Term in the event of termination following a merger event in the form of a 
takeover bid for which the consideration consists wholly or mainly of cash, the Calculation Agent may, in 
addition to the factors mentioned above, take into account the price of the relevant share immediately after the 
takeover bid is announced as well as other market parameters prevailing directly prior to the announcement 
of the takeover bid, and in particular may take into consideration all the rules that a derivatives exchange 
applies or would normally apply for the purpose of determining the theoretical fair value of the shares, such as 
expected dividends and implied volatilities. 
In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall apply analogously to the payment of the Termination 
Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and/or the Derivatives Exchange shall apply in addition 
to the provisions set out above.

--- Page 78 ---
78/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(6) If the Underlying consists of securities representing shares, the provisions of paragraphs (1) to (5) shall 
apply analogously to the shares underlying the securities representing shares. 
The events described below shall also qualify in each case as possible Adjustment Events: 
(a) 
modification of the conditions of the securities representing shares by their issuers; 
(b) 
cessation of the stock exchange quotation of the securities representing shares or of the shares 
underlying them; 
(c) 
insolvency of the issuer or of the custodian bank of the securities representing shares; 
(d) 
end of the term of the securities representing shares as a result of termination by the issuer of the 
securities representing shares; 
(e) 
or for any other reason that has comparable economic effects. 
The Issuer may adjust the Security Right, subject to termination pursuant to paragraph (3), in the manner in 
which corresponding adjustments are made on the Derivatives Exchange for futures or options contracts on 
the securities representing shares traded there, provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is 
prior to the or prior to a Valuation Date or falls on that date. The same applies in the event that the issuer of 
the securities representing shares makes adjustments to the securities representing shares on the occurrence 
of one of the Adjustment Events described above, even if corresponding adjustments are not made on the 
Derivatives Exchange or would not be made if futures or options contracts on the securities representing 
shares were traded there. In other respects, the rules contained in this paragraph shall apply analogously. 
(7) If the Underlying consists of other dividend-bearing securities (e.g. profit participation rights, participation 
certificates), the provisions of paragraphs (1) to (5) shall apply analogously to the other dividend-bearing 
securities and the issuing company. 
If the Underlying consists of indices, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
change, adjustment or other measure affecting the relevant underlying principles and regulations 
(including the termination by any index sponsor of its function in relation to the Underlying, if an index 
sponsor is specified in the Product Conditions) (index concept) and the calculation of the Underlying, 
resulting, in the opinion of the Issuer, in the relevant index concept or the relevant calculation of the 
Underlying no longer being comparable to those applying on the Issue Date. These factors are no longer 
comparable if, in particular, a change, adjustment or other measure results in a material change in the 
Underlying despite the fact that the prices of the individual securities included in the Underlying and their 
weightings remain the same. 
(b) 
cancellation of the Underlying and/or its replacement by a different index concept, 
(c) 
or for any other reason that has comparable economic effects, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) and taking into account the most recent price determined for the Underlying, provided 
that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a Valuation Date or falls on that date, 
and for this purpose will determine Product Features to be adjusted the economic effect of which will 
correspond as closely as possible to the previous provisions. 
If a Derivatives Exchange is specified in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for 
the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and terms of the adjustment on the manner in which 
the relevant Derivatives Exchange makes corresponding adjustments for futures or options contracts on the 
Underlying (index) traded on it, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of 
the adjustment rules of the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). The Issuer shall be entitled where 
appropriate to depart from the adjustments made by the Derivatives Exchange if it considers such a course of 
action to be necessary in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) in order to reflect differences between these Securities and the futures or options contracts traded on 
the Derivatives Exchange. 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first Exchange Day on which 
trading in the corresponding futures or options contracts takes place after taking account of the adjustment. If

--- Page 79 ---
79/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
no corresponding futures or options contracts are traded on a derivatives exchange, the Issuer will also, in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), determine the Effective 
Date on which the adjusted Product Features shall apply for the first time, taking into account the timing of the 
change, adjustment or other measure. 
If the index is cancelled or replaced by a different index concept, or if it is not possible to continue the licensing 
agreement between the Reference Agent and the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall determine, 
making corresponding adjustments to the Product Features where appropriate, whether the calculation of the 
Security Right shall be based in future on another index concept and on which other index concept. 
If the index is no longer calculated and determined and/or published by the Reference Agent but by another 
person, company or institution that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German 
law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), then the Cash 
Amount shall be calculated where applicable on the basis of the index calculated and published by the 
Substitute Reference Agent. All references to the Reference Agent contained in these Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to refer analogously to the Substitute Reference Agent. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
an appropriate adjustment or the specification of another relevant index concept is not possible for any reason 
whatsoever (or if the Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the 
Underlying early, or would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer 
shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with 
section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become effective 
at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, 
the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
an appropriate adjustment or the specification of another relevant index concept is not possible for any reason 
whatsoever (or if the Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the 
Underlying early, or would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer 
shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with 
section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product Conditions, 
the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject 
to German law, section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making 
economically reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of 
hedging transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred 
to as "Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in 
accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall 
end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and/or the Derivatives Exchange shall apply in addition 
to the provisions set out above.

--- Page 80 ---
80/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the Underlying consists of bonds, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
termination or repurchase or (early) redemption of the Underlying by its issuer, 
(b) 
probable or definitive cessation of stock exchange trading in the Underlying or replacement of the issuer 
of the Underlying, 
(c) 
insolvency of the issuer of the Underlying, 
(d) 
limitation of the tradability of the Underlying, 
(e) 
negative change in the rating of the Underlying or its issuer, 
(f) 
imposition of taxes on income from the Underlying, 
(g) 
or for any other reason that has comparable economic effects to those in (a) to (f) above, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
If a Derivatives Exchange is specified in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for 
the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and terms of the adjustment on the manner in which 
the issuer of the Underlying makes corresponding adjustments to the Underlying or the relevant Derivatives 
Exchange makes corresponding adjustments for futures or options contracts on the Underlying (bond) traded 
on it, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of the adjustment rules of the 
Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject 
to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). The Issuer shall be entitled where appropriate to depart from the 
adjustments made by the Derivatives Exchange if it considers such a course of action to be necessary in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) in order to reflect 
differences between these Securities and the futures or options contracts traded on the Derivatives Exchange. 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first Exchange Day on which 
trading in the corresponding futures or options contracts takes place after taking account of the adjustment. If 
no corresponding futures or options contracts are traded on a derivatives exchange, the Issuer will also, in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), determine the Effective 
Date on which the adjusted Product Features shall apply for the first time, taking into account the timing of the 
change, adjustment or other measure. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features as well as, for example, to the 
replacement of an Underlying (bond) by another Underlying (bond) or basket of bonds and, where applicable, 
the designation of another reference agent as the new Reference Agent. In such cases, the Issuer shall 
endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic position of the Security 
Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
If, in the event that a basket forms the Underlying, a bond representing a Basket Constituent is itself replaced 
by a basket of bonds as a result of the adjustment by the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer may specify only 
one bond as the (new) Basket Constituent and sell the remaining bonds from the basket resulting from the 
adjustment by the Derivatives Exchange on the first exchange trading day following the Effective Date at a 
time to be determined in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) of the Issuer and reinvest the proceeds immediately afterwards in the remaining Basket Constituents. 
The Issuer may also base the selection of this (new) bond in particular on the market capitalisation of the 
bonds under consideration on the Effective Date. If one or more of the bonds to be sold are not traded on a 
stock exchange until a later date, the Effective Date shall be postponed to the date on which all of the bonds 
to be sold are tradeable on a stock exchange. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Derivatives Exchange, an appropriate adjustment is not possible for any reason whatsoever (or if the 
Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the Underlying early, or 
would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer shall be entitled, but

--- Page 81 ---
81/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become effective at the time notice is 
given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the 
Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Derivatives Exchange, an appropriate adjustment is not possible for any reason whatsoever (or if the 
Derivatives Exchange terminates the corresponding futures or options contracts on the Underlying early, or 
would do so if corresponding futures or options contracts were traded there), the Issuer shall be entitled, but 
not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice in accordance with section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may also 
terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making economically 
reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of hedging 
transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred to as 
"Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in 
accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall 
end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and/or the Derivatives Exchange shall apply in addition 
to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of commodities, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
the Underlying is traded by the Reference Agent responsible for the determination of the Reference 
Price of the Underlying in a different quality, a different composition (e.g. with a different degree of purity 
or different place of origin) or a different standard unit of measurement,  
(b) 
in the event of the introduction, cancellation or modification of a tax levied on the Underlying, if this 
affects the price of the Underlying and if such introduction, cancellation or modification takes place after 
the Issue Date, or 
(c) 
other changes relating to the Underlying,  
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the relevant Reference Agent makes corresponding 
adjustments to the Underlying itself or the Derivatives Exchange makes adjustments for futures or options 
contracts on the Underlying traded on it, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the 
application of the adjustment rules of the Reference Agent or the Derivatives Exchange, the Issuer shall decide 
such questions in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB).

--- Page 82 ---
82/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first trading day on the 
Derivatives Exchange on which trading in the corresponding futures or options contracts takes place after 
taking account of the adjustment. If no corresponding futures or options contracts are traded on a derivatives 
exchange, the Issuer will also, in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB), determine the Effective Date on which the adjusted Product Features shall apply for the first time, 
taking into account the timing of the change, adjustment or other measure. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features. In such cases, the Issuer shall 
endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic position of the Security 
Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
If the Reference Price for an Underlying is no longer calculated and published by the Reference Agent but by 
another person, company or institution that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), then the 
Security Right shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying calculated and published by the 
Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to the Reference Agent contained in these Terms and 
Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference Agent as far as the context 
allows. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, the Issuer shall be entitled, 
but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant to section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become effective at the time notice is 
given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the 
Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, the Issuer shall be entitled, 
but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant to section 12 specifying 
the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may also 
terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making economically 
reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of hedging 
transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred to as 
"Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in 
accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall 
end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and/or the Derivatives Exchange shall apply in addition 
to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of futures or interest rate futures, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"):

--- Page 83 ---
83/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(a) 
adjustment of the Underlying on the Reference Agent, 
(b) 
cessation of trading in or early settlement of the Underlying on the Reference Agent, 
(c) 
material change to the concept of the Underlying or to the contract specifications on which the 
Underlying is based, 
(d) 
introduction, cancellation or modification of a tax levied on the reference instrument on which the 
Underlying is based, if this affects the price of the Underlying and if such introduction, cancellation or 
modification takes place after the Issue Date, or 
(e) 
other changes relating to the Underlying,  
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the Reference Agent makes corresponding adjustments to 
the Underlying itself, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of the 
adjustment rules of the Reference Agent, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first trading day on which 
trading in the corresponding futures contracts takes place on the Reference Agent after taking account of the 
adjustment. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features as well as to the replacement of the 
Underlying. In such cases, the Issuer shall endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – 
that the economic position of the Security Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event and that 
the continuity of the performance of the reference indicators underlying the Securities is maintained. 
If the Reference Price for the respective Underlying is no longer calculated and published on the Reference 
Agent but by another exchange that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German 
law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), then the Cash 
Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying calculated and published by the 
Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to the Reference Agent contained in these Terms and 
Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference Agent as far as the context 
allows. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become 
effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this 
event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product 
Conditions, the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, section 315 BGB), if

--- Page 84 ---
84/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(a) the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making economically reasonable 
efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of hedging transactions 
or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred to as "Hedging 
Disruption Events"), or  
(b) the Issuer or/and an affiliate company notes that in connection with a Roll-Over of the Current 
Underlying no following underlying contract exists for which the Rollover Reference Price is positive or 
that the Rollover Reference Price of any of the following underlying contracts is lower than the Rollover 
Reference Price for the Current Underlying before Rollover on the Rollover Date minus the Strike on 
the Rollover Date (each as defined in the Product Conditions). 
The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 
("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary 
Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent shall apply in addition to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of exchange rates, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
material changes in the method of calculating the Underlying, 
(b) 
other changes relating to the Underlying, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the Reference Agent makes corresponding adjustments to 
the Underlying itself, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of the 
adjustment rules of the Reference Agent, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of the Terms and Conditions means the date on which the relevant 
adjustment is made by the Reference Agent. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features. In such cases, the Issuer shall 
endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic position of the Security 
Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
If the Reference Price for the respective Underlying is no longer calculated and published by the Reference 
Agent but by another person, company or institution that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), 
then the Security Right shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying calculated and published 
by the Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to the Reference Agent contained in these 
Terms and Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference Agent as far as the 
context allows. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become

--- Page 85 ---
85/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this 
event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product 
Conditions, the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, 
even after making economically reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire 
or dispose of hedging transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging 
transactions (referred to as "Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time 
notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of 
the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent shall apply in addition to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of interest rates, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
material changes in the method of calculating the Underlying, 
(b) 
other changes relating to the Underlying, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the Reference Agent makes corresponding adjustments to 
the Underlying, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of the adjustment 
rules of the Reference Agent, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of the Terms and Conditions means the date on which the relevant 
adjustment is made by the Reference Agent. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features. In such cases, the Issuer shall 
endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic position of the Security 
Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
If the Reference Price for the respective Underlying is no longer calculated and published by the Reference 
Agent but by another person, company or institution that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), 
then the Security Right shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying calculated and published 
by the Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to the Reference Agent contained in these

--- Page 86 ---
86/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Terms and Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference Agent as far as the 
context allows. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become 
effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this 
event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product 
Conditions, the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, 
even after making economically reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire 
or dispose of hedging transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging 
transactions (referred to as "Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time 
notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of 
the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent shall apply in addition to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of investment units, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
the merger, transfer, consolidation, liquidation or termination of the fund; 
(b) 
restrictions on the issue or redemption of investment units by the fund;  
(c) 
change in the currency in which the investment units are calculated; 
(d) 
change in the number of investment units in the fund without corresponding cash flows into or out of the 
fund; 
(e) 
any other event comparable to the preceding (a) to (d) relating to the fund or to the investment units that 
may either have a similar effect on the value of the fund or the investment units or that is comparable to 
the events specified under (a) to (d); 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date, and provided that in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to

--- Page 87 ---
87/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer this is necessary and appropriate in order to ensure that 
the economic position of the Security Holders is the same as it was immediately prior to the Adjustment Event. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the Reference Agent or the fund company makes 
corresponding adjustments to the Underlying itself, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to 
the application of the adjustment rules of the Reference Agent, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of the Terms and Conditions means the date on which the relevant 
adjustment by the Reference Agent or the fund company becomes effective. 
An adjustment of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features. In such cases, the Issuer shall 
endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – that the economic position of the Security 
Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event. 
If the Reference Price for the respective Underlying is no longer calculated and published by the Reference 
Agent but by another person, company or institution that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute Reference Agent"), 
then the Security Right shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying calculated and published 
by the Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to the Reference Agent contained in these 
Terms and Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference Agent as far as the 
context allows. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment and/or if the Issuer determines 
that, as a result of the adjustment, it or its collateral provider is not able to enter into the hedging transactions 
necessary to cover its payment obligation arising from the issue of the Securities or is able to do so only under 
disproportionately more onerous conditions of an economic or practical nature, or if an Extraordinary Fund 
Event pursuant to paragraph (4) exists, the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities 
extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the 
following. The termination shall become effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 
("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary 
Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer, 
it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment and/or if the Issuer determines 
that, as a result of the adjustment, it or its collateral provider is not able to enter into the hedging transactions 
necessary to cover its payment obligation arising from the issue of the Securities or is able to do so only under 
disproportionately more onerous conditions of an economic or practical nature, or if an Extraordinary Fund 
Event pursuant to paragraph (4) exists, the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities 
extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the 
following. If so provided in the Product Conditions, the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily 
in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one 
of its affiliates is not in a position, even after making economically reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, 
replace, maintain, unwind, acquire or dispose of hedging transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the 
proceeds of such hedging transactions (referred to as "Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall 
become effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination 
Date"). In this event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315,

--- Page 88 ---
88/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) An "Extraordinary Fund Event" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the occurrence 
of one of the events listed below: 
(a) 
the investigation of, or regulatory measures with respect to the activities of, the relevant Reference Agent 
or fund company by the competent regulatory authority relating to the existence of unauthorised actions 
or the breach of a statutory, regulatory requirement or rule; 
(b) 
the merger, transfer, consolidation, liquidation or termination of the fund company; 
(c) 
revocation of the authorisation or sales authorisation of the fund company or for the fund; 
(d) 
the mandatory redemption of investment units by the fund; 
(e) 
a change in the tax laws applying to the fund or a change in the fund's tax status pursuant to section 5 
of the German Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz); 
(f) 
an event which is likely to make it impossible to determine the price of the Underlying during the Term 
of the Securities. 
(5) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(6) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and/or of the fund company shall apply in addition to the 
provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of virtual currencies, the following shall apply: 
(1) If, with respect to an Underlying, one of the events described below is announced in advance or occurs 
(the "Adjustment Event"): 
(a) 
material changes in the method of calculating the Underlying, 
(b) 
adjustments of the Underlying by a Reference Agent, 
(c) 
cessation of trading in the Underlying by a Reference Agent, 
(d) 
material change in the concept of the Underlying or in the technical specifications on which the 
Underlying is based (including, but not limited to, a hard or soft fork, or other process that results in a 
division or split of the Underlying into multiple assets), 
(e) 
introduction, cancellation or modification of a tax, fee, duty or other costs which are levied on the 
Underlying or in connection with the reference instrument on which the Underlying is based, if this affects 
the price of the Underlying and if such introduction, cancellation or modification takes place after the 
Issue Date, or 
(f) 
any other change or reason that has comparable economic effects, 
the Issuer may adjust the Security Right in accordance with the following provisions. 
(2) If an Adjustment Event pursuant to paragraph (1) exists, the Issuer will adjust the Security Right – subject 
to termination pursuant to paragraph (3) – in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB), provided that the Effective Date for the Adjustment Event is prior to the or prior to a 
Valuation Date or falls on that date. 
The Issuer may, in exercising its discretion for the purpose of making the adjustment, base the timing and 
terms of the adjustment on the manner in which the Reference Agent makes corresponding adjustments to 
the Underlying itself, but shall not be obliged to do so. If doubts arise relating to the application of the 
adjustment rules of the Reference Agent, the Issuer shall decide such questions in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). 
"Effective Date" within the meaning of these Terms and Conditions means the first trading day on which 
trading in the corresponding virtual currency takes place at the Reference Agent after taking account of the 
adjustment. 
Adjustments of this nature may relate in particular to the Product Features as well as to the replacement of the 
Underlying. In such cases, the Issuer shall endeavour to ensure – as far as legally and practically possible – 
that the economic position of the Security Holders is the same before and after the Adjustment Event and that 
the continuity of the performance of the reference indicators underlying the Securities is maintained.

--- Page 89 ---
89/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the Reference Price for the respective Underlying is no longer calculated and published by the Reference 
Agent but by another Suitable Trading Platform (as defined below) that the Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) considers to be suitable (the "Substitute 
Reference Agent"), then the Cash Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the price for the Underlying 
calculated and published by the Substitute Reference Agent. Furthermore, all references to a Reference Agent 
contained in these Terms and Conditions shall then be understood as references to the Substitute Reference 
Agent as far as the context allows. 
"Suitable Trading Platforms" are trading platforms which are not affiliated companies of the Issuer or of the 
Calculation Agent and which are designated by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject 
to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB). Suitable Trading Platforms must satisfy the following criteria: 
(a) the trading platform must publish on a continuous and regular basis (i) a bid-offer spread for an immediate 
sale (offer) and an immediate purchase (bid) and (ii) the most recent price paid for the Underlying, in each 
case in the Currency of the Underlying; 
(b) the activities relating to trading and/or the publication of the prices on the trading platform have not been 
prohibited or declared illegal by an authority that is legally responsible for that trading platform; and 
(c) exchanges (payments in or out) of national currencies into virtual currencies, and vice versa, must be 
executed within a period of two (2) to seven (7) Business Days. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (excluding 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. The termination shall become 
effective at the time notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this 
event, the Term of the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
If the Product Conditions include Extraordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer – Applicable (including 
Hedging Disruption Events), the following paragraph (3) shall apply: 
(3) If, in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Issuer 
or of the Reference Agent, it is not possible for any reason whatsoever to make an appropriate adjustment, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, but not obliged, to terminate the Securities extraordinarily by giving notice pursuant 
to section 12 specifying the Termination Amount defined in the following. If so provided in the Product 
Conditions, the Issuer may also terminate the Securities extraordinarily in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, section 315 BGB), if the Issuer and/or one of its affiliates is not in a position, 
even after making economically reasonable efforts, (i) to conclude, renew, replace, maintain, unwind, acquire 
or dispose of hedging transactions or (ii) to realise, recover or transfer the proceeds of such hedging 
transactions (referred to as "Hedging Disruption Events"). The termination shall become effective at the time 
notice is given in accordance with section 12 ("Extraordinary Termination Date"). In this event, the Term of 
the Securities shall end on the Extraordinary Termination Date. 
In the event of extraordinary termination, the Issuer shall pay to each Security Holder within five Business Days 
following the Termination Date an amount for each Security (the "Termination Amount") determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) as the appropriate market price of a Security. In other respects, the rules set out in section 10 shall 
apply analogously to the payment of the Termination Amount. 
(4) Adjustments and determinations and the date on which they come into effect shall be notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to section 12. 
(5) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agents shall apply in addition to the provisions set out above, 
if available and if applicable in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) of the Issuer.

--- Page 90 ---
90/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Section 6a Cash distributions 
If, in the case of a basket as the Underlying, the Product Conditions provide for cash distributions in the form 
of retention of income (reinvestment) or retention of income (cash component) in accordance with the 
provisions of this section 6a, the following shall apply: 
(1) Ordinary dividend payments, interest and other cash distributions of the respective Underlying or Basket 
Constituent received by the Issuer between the Fixing Date and the Valuation Date shall be treated, net of 
country-specific taxes, levies and other fees determined in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) by the Calculation Agent (for the purposes of this section 6a, the "Net 
Amount"), in accordance with the following paragraphs (2) and (3) – unless they have already been taken in 
to account in the context of section 6 above.  
(2) If the Product Conditions provide for retention of income (reinvestment), the Issuer shall reinvest the Net 
Amount in the relevant Basket Constituent and the number or weighting of that Basket Constituent shall be 
adjusted in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Product Conditions. 
(3) If the Product Conditions provide for retention of income (cash component), the Issuer shall use the Net 
Amount to create a cash component or to increase an existing cash component. This cash component shall 
not bear interest. The cash component shall be created or increased in the reasonable discretion (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Product 
Conditions. 
(4) The adjustments to the Underlying shall be notified by the Issuer pursuant to section 12. 
Section 7 Market Disruption Event 
(1) If, at the time of determination of the Reference Price on the Valuation Date or on a Valuation Date or on 
an Observation Date, or during a period of one hour beforehand, a Market Disruption Event, as defined in 
paragraph (4), occurs or exists or the Reference Price of the Underlying is not determined, the next following 
Exchange Day on which the Market Disruption Event has ceased to exist or on which the Reference Price of 
the Underlying is determined again shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date for the 
relevant Underlying. The Maturity Date shall be postponed accordingly. The Issuer shall endeavour to give 
notice without undue delay in accordance with section 12 that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. There 
shall be no obligation to give notice, however. 
(2) If the Valuation Date or a Valuation Date or Observation Date has been postponed for five consecutive 
Exchange Days, the fifth Exchange Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Observation Date. In this 
event, the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) 
shall designate as the Reference Price an applicable value of the Underlying that reflects in its judgment the 
prevailing market conditions on the Valuation Date. 
(3) The rules and regulations of the Reference Agent and of the Derivatives Exchange shall apply in addition 
to the provisions set out above. 
If the Underlying consists of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) or other dividend-
bearing securities, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the temporary suspension or material restriction of trading 
(a) 
on the Reference Agent generally;  
(b) 
in the Underlying on the Reference Agent; or  
(c) 
in futures or options contracts linked to the Underlying on the Derivatives Exchange, if such contracts 
are traded there. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the normal business hours of the Reference Agent or of the 
relevant Derivatives Exchange. A restriction on trading imposed by the Reference Agent or by the relevant 
Derivatives Exchange during a trading day for the purpose of preventing price movements that would exceed 
particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption Event if that restriction remains in place until the 
end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases described in section 6 that give rise to an 
Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
If the Underlying consists of indices, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the temporary suspension or material restriction of trading

--- Page 91 ---
91/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(a) 
in an individual index constituent or several index constituents or in options or other futures contracts 
linked to individual or several index constituents of the Underlying; 
(b) 
relating to the Underlying; or 
(c) 
in options or other futures contracts linked to the Underlying or the index constituents on the Derivatives 
Exchange. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the normal business hours of the Reference Agent or of the 
relevant Derivatives Exchange. A restriction on trading imposed by the Reference Agent or by the relevant 
Derivatives Exchange during a trading day for the purpose of preventing price movements that would exceed 
particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption Event if that restriction remains in place until the 
end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases described in section 6 (1) that give rise to an 
Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
If the Underlying consists of bonds, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the temporary suspension or material restriction of trading 
(a) 
generally on the trading platforms on which the Underlying is traded;  
(b) 
in the Underlying or in the reference indicator on which the Underlying is based or in the shares of the 
issuer of the Underlying on the respective relevant exchange; 
(c) 
in futures or options contracts linked to any reference indicator on which the Underlying is based or to 
the shares of the issuer of the Underlying on the Derivatives Exchange. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the normal business hours of the Reference Agent or of the 
relevant Derivatives Exchange. A restriction on trading imposed by the Reference Agent or by the relevant 
Derivatives Exchange during a trading day for the purpose of preventing price movements that would exceed 
particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption Event if that restriction remains in place until the 
end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases described in section 6 (1) that give rise to an 
Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
If the Underlying consists of commodities, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the temporary suspension or material restriction of trading 
(a) 
in the Underlying on the interbank market for the Underlying; or 
(b) 
in futures or options contracts linked to the Underlying on the Derivatives Exchange. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the timing of the Reference Agent's normal fixing practices. 
A restriction on trading imposed by the Derivatives Exchange for the purpose of preventing price movements 
that would exceed particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption Event if that restriction remains 
in place until the end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases described in section 6 (1) that 
give rise to an Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
If the Underlying consists of futures or interest rate futures, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the temporary suspension or material restriction of trading 
(a) 
on the Reference Agent; or 
(b) 
relating to the Underlying on the Reference Agent. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the normal business hours of the Reference Agent. A 
restriction on trading imposed by the Reference Agent during a trading day for the purpose of preventing price 
movements that would exceed particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption Event if that 
restriction remains in place until the end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases described in 
section 6 (1) that give rise to an Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
If the Underlying consists of exchange rates, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) A "Market Disruption Event" exists in the event of a suspension or material restriction of foreign exchange 
trading in at least one of the currencies of the exchange rates of the Underlying, a restriction on the 
convertibility of the relevant currencies or if it is impossible in economic terms to obtain a rate of exchange.

--- Page 92 ---
92/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The cases described in section 6 (1) that give rise to an Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing 
definition.  
If the Underlying consists of interest rates, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) A "Market Disruption Event" exists if, for any reason whatsoever, it is not possible to determine the 
Underlying. 
The cases described in section 6 (1) that give rise to an Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing 
definition. 
If the Underlying consists of investment units, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) A "Market Disruption Event" exists if the value of the Underlying is not determined by the Reference Agent 
on an Exchange Day.  
The cases described in section 6 (1) and (4) do not fall under the foregoing definition.  
If the Underlying consists of virtual currencies, the following paragraph (4) shall apply: 
(4) "Market Disruption Event" means the suspension or temporary suspension or material restriction of 
trading in at least one of the currencies of the exchange rates of the Underlying, a restriction on the 
convertibility of the relevant currencies or that it is impossible in economic terms to obtain a rate of exchange. 
A reduction in the trading period or number of trading days does not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it 
is the result of a previously announced change to the normal business hours of the Reference Agent. A 
restriction on trading imposed by the respective Reference Agent during a trading day for the purpose of 
preventing price movements that would exceed particular prescribed limits constitutes a Market Disruption 
Event if that restriction remains in place until the end of the trading period on the day in question. The cases 
described in section 6 (1) that give rise to an Adjustment Event do not fall under the foregoing definition. 
Section 8 Governing Law, Form of Securities, Central Securities Depository, Clearing System, 
Transferability 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – German Global Certificates, the following provisions 
shall apply:  
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany. 
(2) The Securities will be evidenced by a global certificate (Sammelurkunde) in accordance with section 9 a of 
the German Securities Custody Act (Depotgesetz) (the "Global Certificate"). The Global Certificate will be 
deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (the "Central 
Securities Depository") and will be kept in custody by the Central Securities Depository until all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Securities have been fulfilled. No definitive securities will be issued. Bearers are entitled 
to co-ownership interests, economical ownership rights or comparable rights in the Global Certificates, which 
are transferable in accordance with the rules of the Central Securities Depository and the laws of Germany. 
(3) "Clearing System" is each of Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
and SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland. 
(4) In the clearing and settlement systems (Effektengiroverkehr), the Securities are transferable in a number 
equal to the Minimum Trading Size or an integer multiple thereof. 
(5) "Security Holder" means any holder of a co-ownership interest or right, an economic ownership right or 
a comparable right in the Global Certificate. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Danish Uncertificated Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in the 
following paragraphs (2) to (4) of this section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantee shall exclusively 
be governed by the laws of Switzerland (section 1 (6)). 
(2) The Securities will be issued in uncertified and dematerialized book-entry form and will only be evidenced 
by book entries in the system of VP SECURITIES A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, P.O. Box 4040, 2300 
Copenhagen S, Denmark (the "Central Securities Depository") for registration of securities and settlement 
of securities transactions (the "Clearing System") in accordance with Consolidated Act No. 1530 of 2 
December 2015 on Securities Trading etc. (the "Securities Trading Act"), as amended from time to time, and

--- Page 93 ---
93/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Executive Orders issued thereunder including Executive Order No. 819 of 26 June 2013 on the registration of 
dematerialized securities in a central securities depository (Bekendtgørelse om registrering m.v. af 
fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral) (the "Registration Order"). 
(3) Transfers of Securities and other registration measures shall be made in accordance with the Securities 
Trading Act, the Registration Order and the regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by the Central Securities Depository from time to time. The Securities will be issued in uncertificated 
and dematerialized book-entry form and no global bearer securities or definitive securities will be issued in 
respect thereof. The Securities issued and cleared through the Central Securities Depository are transferable 
instruments and not subject to any restrictions on their transferability within Denmark. The Issuer is entitled to 
receive from the Central Securities Depository, at its request, a transcript of the register for the Securities. 
(4) "Security Holder" means any person that is for the time being shown in the book entry system and register 
maintained by the Central Securities Depository as the holder of such Securities for all purposes in accordance 
with the Securities Trading Act and the Registration Order. For nominee registered Securities the authorized 
custodial nominee account holder shall be considered to be the Security Holder. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Swiss Uncertificated Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holders, the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the Guarantor shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Switzerland. 
(2) The Securities represent intermediated securities (the "Intermediated Securities") within the meaning of 
the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities (Bundesgesetz über Bucheffekten, "BEG"). They will be 
issued initially in unsecuritised form pursuant to article 973 c of the Swiss Civil Code (Zivilgesetzbuch) (Code 
of Obligations) as uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) (the "Uncertificated Securities"). 
(3) Uncertificated Securities are created by the Issuer by an entry in a register of uncertificated securities 
maintained by the Issuer. These uncertificated securities are then entered into the main register of SIX SIS 
AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland (the "Central Securities Depository"). When the 
Uncertificated Securities are entered in the Central Securities Depository’s main register and credited in one 
or more securities accounts, Intermediated Securities are created in accordance with article 6 (1) c) BEG. 
(4) Uncertificated Securities in the form of intermediated securities may be transferred or disposed of in some 
other way only in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities and the 
law of the Swiss Confederation, i.e. by crediting the Intermediated Securities to a securities account of the 
purchaser. 
(5) Neither the Issuer nor the Security Holders are entitled at any time to convert the Uncertificated Securities 
into a global note or definitive securities or to demand such conversion or to cause or demand a delivery of a 
global note or definitive securities. 
(6) The records of the Central Securities Depository will determine the number of Intermediated Securities held 
through each participant with the Central Securities Depository. With respect to Intermediated Securities, 
holders of the Intermediated Securities are (i) the persons, other than the Central Securities Depository itself, 
holding the Intermediated Securities in a securities account (Effektenkonto) with the Central Securities 
Depository and (ii) the custodians holding the Intermediated Securities for their own account. The Paying Agent 
may assume that a bank or financial intermediary submitting or transmitting to it a notice of the Security Holder 
pursuant to these Terms and Conditions has been duly authorised by the respective Security Holder for these 
purposes. 
(7) "Clearing System" is each of Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
and SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland. 
(8) In the clearing and settlement systems (Effektengiroverkehr), the Securities are transferable in a number 
equal to the Minimum Trading Size or an integer multiple thereof. 
(9) "Security Holder" means the person holding the Securities in a securities account in its own name and 
for its own account. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Dutch Uncertificated Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in the below 
paragraphs (2) and (3).

--- Page 94 ---
94/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(2) The Securities will be registered in uncertificated book-entry form with the Nederlands Centraal Instituut 
voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V., Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, the Netherlands ("Euroclear 
Nederland" or the "Central Securities Depository"). 
(3) No Securities in definitive form will be issued. The Securities are subject to the Dutch Securities Giro Act 
(Wet giraal effectenverkeer, "Wge") (as amended from time to time) and the applicable rules issued by 
Euroclear. Delivery (uitlevering) of Securities will only be possible in the limited circumstances prescribed by 
the Wge. The Security holders shall receive co-ownership participations in and/or rights with respect to the 
Global Security which are transferable in accordance with the Wge and the rules and regulations applicable to 
and/or issued by Euroclear Nederland (the "Clearing System"). 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Finnish Registered Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in the 
following paragraphs (2) to (5) of this section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantee shall exclusively 
be governed by the laws of Switzerland (section 1 (6)). 
(2) The Securities will be in dematerialised form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the system of 
Euroclear Finland Oy, PL 1110, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, 00101 Helsinki, Finland ("Euroclear Finland" or the 
"Central Securities Depository") for registration of securities and settlement of securities transactions in 
accordance with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (827/1991, as amended and/or re-enacted from time 
to time) and the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (348/2017, as amended and/or 
re-enacted from time to time) to the effect that there will be no certificated securities. 
(3) Registration requests relating to the Securities shall be directed to an account holding bank. 
(4) Transfers of Securities and other registration measures shall be made in accordance with the Finnish Act 
on Book-Entry Accounts (827/1991, as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time) and the Finnish Act on 
the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (348/2017, as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time) 
as well as the regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland 
(the "Clearing System"). Title to Finnish Registered Securities will be transferred only by registration in the 
book-entry securities system operated by Euroclear Finland (except where the Securities are nominee-
registered and are transferred from one sub-account to another sub-account with the same nominee). The 
Issuer and the Finnish Paying Agent are entitled to receive from Euroclear Finland, at their request, a transcript 
of the register for the Securities. 
(5) "Security Holder" means any person that is registered in a book-entry account managed by the account 
operator as holder of a Security. For nominee registered Securities the authorised custodial nominee account 
holder shall be considered to be the Security Holder. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – French Dematerialized Bearer Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in following 
paragraphs (2) to (4) of this section 8.  
(2) The Securities will be issued in bearer dematerialized form (titres au porteur dématérialisés). Title to the 
Securities will be evidenced in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code Monétaire et 
Financier by book entries (inscription en compte) in the system of Euroclear France, acting as central securities 
depositary (the "Central Securities Depository"). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier) will be issued in respect 
of the Securities. 
Unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at any time request from 
the Central Securities Depositary identification information of holders of Securities in bearer form (au porteur) 
such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, e-mail address of such holders, in compliance with Article L. 228-2 of the French Code 
de commerce. 
(3) Transfers of the Securities and other registration measures shall be made in accordance with the laws and 
regulations and the rules and clearing procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear France (the 
"Clearing System"). 
(4) "Security Holder" means any person holding Securities through a financial intermediary entitled to hold 
securities accounts, directly or indirectly, with the Clearing System on behalf of its customers (the "Security

--- Page 95 ---
95/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Account Holder") or, in the case of a Security Account Holder acting for its own account, such Security 
Account Holder. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Italian Uncertificated Certificates, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in following 
paragraphs (2) to (4) of this section 8.  
(2) The Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form pursuant to the "Italian 
Financial Services Act" (Testo Unico della Finanza) and the relevant implementing regulations, and are 
registered in the books of Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office in Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy 
(the "Central Securities Depository") in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act and the relevant 
implementing rules governing central depositories, settlement services, guarantee systems and related 
management companies, issued by Bank of Italy and the Italian securities regulator (Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa, "CONSOB"). No physical document of title will be issued to represent the Security. 
(3) "Clearing System" is Monte Titoli S.p.A., Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
(4) In the clearing and settlement systems, the Securities are transferable in a number equal to the Minimum 
Trading Size or an integer multiple thereof. 
(5) The transfer of the Securities operates by way of registration on the relevant accounts opened with the 
Clearing System by any intermediary adhering, directly or indirectly, to the Clearing System (the "Security 
Account Holders"). As a consequence, the subject who from time to time is the owner of the account held 
with a Security Account Holder will be considered as the legitimate owner of the Securities (the "Security 
Holder") and will be authorized to exercise all rights related to them. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Norwegian Registered Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in 
paragraphs (2) to (4) of this section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantee shall exclusively be 
governed by the laws of Switzerland (section 1 (6)). 
(2) The Securities will be in dematerialized registered form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the 
system of the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary VPS ASA, P.O. Box 4, 0051, Oslo, Norway (the 
"Central Securities Depository") for registration of securities and settlement of securities transactions in 
accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act (lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter 2002 
5. juli nr. 64). There will be neither global bearer securities nor definitive securities and no physical securities 
will be issued in respect of the Securities. Securities issued through the Central Securities Depository must 
comply with the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, and the procedures applicable to and/or issued by the 
Central Securities Depositary from time to time and as amended from time to time. 
(3) Transfers of the title to the Securities and other registration measures shall be made in accordance with 
the Norwegian Securities Register Act (lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter 2002 5. juli nr. 64), the 
regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositary VPS ASA, P.O. Box 4, 0051, Oslo, Norway (the "Clearing System") (the "Norwegian CSD 
Rules"). 
(4) "Security Holder" means any person that is registered on an account of the Clearing System as holder of 
a Security or, where applicable, any other person acknowledged as the holder pursuant to the Norwegian CSD 
Rules. For nominee registered security the authorised nominee shall be considered to be the Security Holder. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the Clearing System in accordance with the Norwegian 
CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Security Holder 
of any Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be 
liable for treating the holder as owner. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Swedish Registered Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply:  
(1) The Securities and the rights and duties of the Security Holder, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Germany, except as provided for in the

--- Page 96 ---
96/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
following paragraphs (2) to (5) of this section 8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantee shall exclusively 
be governed by the laws of Switzerland (section 1 (6)). 
(2) The Securities will be in dematerialised form and will only be evidenced by book entries in the system of 
Euroclear Sweden AB, registration number 556112-8074, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Kingdom of Sweden ("Euroclear Sweden", the "Clearing System" or the "Central Securities 
Depository") for registration of securities and settlement of securities transactions in accordance with Chapter 
4 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the "SFIA Act") to the effect that there will be no certificated securities. 
Securities registered in the Central Securities Depository are negotiable instruments and not subject to any 
restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law. The registration of Swedish Registered Securities in the 
Central Securities Depository will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. The Issuer 
shall have the right to obtain extracts from the debt register of Euroclear Sweden. 
(3) Registration requests relating to the Securities shall be directed to an account operator. 
(4) Transfers of Securities and other registration measures shall be made in accordance with the SFIA Act, 
the regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden. The from 
time to time applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules for Issuers and Issuer Agents (the "Euroclear Sweden 
Rules") may be downloaded from its website: http://www.euroclear.eu. The Issuer is entitled to receive from 
Euroclear Sweden, at its request, a transcript of the register for the Securities. 
(5) "Security Holder" means any person that is registered in a book-entry account managed by the account 
operator as holder of a Security. For nominee registered Securities the authorised custodial nominee account 
holder shall be considered to be the Security Holder. 
Section 9 Calculation Agent(s), Paying Agent(s) 
(1) "Calculation Agent" means Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland. The Issuer 
shall be entitled at any time to replace the Calculation Agent with another bank, to appoint one or more 
additional Calculation Agents and/or to revoke their appointment. The Calculation Agent acts solely in the 
capacity of a vicarious agent of the Issuer and shall have no obligations of any kind to the Security Holders. 
The Calculation Agent shall (to the extent permitted) be exempt from the restrictions contained in section 181 
BGB (for Securities subject to German law) and any restrictions of a similar nature under the applicable laws 
of other countries. Notice shall be given of all of the measures referred to in sentence 2 pursuant to section 
12.  
(2) "Principal Paying Agent" means Bank Vontobel AG, Zurich, "German Secondary Paying Agent" means 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Alter Hof 5, 80331 Munich, Germany, "Danish Paying Agent" shall be 
Handelsbanken, Danish branch of Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Havneholmen 29, DK-1561 
Copenhagen V, Denmark, "Dutch Paying Agent" shall be BNP Paribas Securities Services, with registered 
office at 3, rue d’Antin, 75002 Paris, France, acting through its office at 9, Rue du Débarcadère, 93500 Pantin, 
France, "Finnish Paying Agent" shall be Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), SE-106 70 Stockholm, Sweden, 
"French Paying Agent" shall be BNP Paribas Securities Services, with registered office at 3, rue d’Antin, 
75002 Paris, France, acting through its office at 9, Rue du Débarcadère, 93500 Pantin, France, "Italian Paying 
Agent" shall be BNP PARIBAS Securities Services, Milan Branch, Via Ansperto no. 5, 20123 Milan, Italy, 
"Nowegian Paying Agent" shall be Handelsbanken Kapitalforvaltning AS, with registered office at Tjuvholmen 
allé 11, Postboks 1342 Vika 0113 Oslo, Norway, and "Swedish Paying Agent" shall be Svenska 
Handelsbanken AB (publ), SE-106 70 Stockholm, Sweden, (the Principal Paying Agent, the German Paying 
Agent, the Danish Paying Agent, the Dutch Paying Agent, the Finnish Paying Agent, the French Paying Agent, 
the Italian Paying Agent, the Norwegian Paying Agent and the Swedish Paying Agent are also collectively 
referred to as the "Paying Agent(s)"). 
The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to replace any of the Paying Agents, to appoint one or more additional 
Paying Agents and/or to revoke their appointment. A Paying Agent acts solely in the capacity of a vicarious 
agent of the Issuer and shall have no obligations of any kind to the Security Holder. A Paying Agent shall (to 
the extent permitted) be exempt from the restrictions contained in section 181 BGB (for Securities subject to 
German law) and any restrictions of a similar nature under the applicable laws of other countries. Notice shall 
be given of all of the measures referred to in sentence 2 pursuant to section 12. 
Section 10 Settlement 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – German Global Certificates, Swiss Uncertificated 
Securities or Italian Uncertificated Certificates, the following paragraph (1) shall apply: 
(1) The Issuer shall provide the Central Securities Depository via the Paying Agent(s) with the respective due 
payments for all Securities issued by it on the Maturity Date or on a Payment Date or on a Bonus Payment

--- Page 97 ---
97/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Date or on an Interest Payment Date for onward transfer to the respective custodian banks for the purpose of 
crediting the Security Holders. The Issuer shall thereupon be released from all payment obligations. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Danish Uncertificated Securities, the following 
paragraph (1) shall apply: 
(1) The Issuer shall provide the due payments for all Securities issued by it by not later than the Maturity Date 
by way of making available the due payments to the Danish Paying Agent for onward transfer to the Central 
Securities Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction for credit to the relevant 
accountholders in accordance with the Danish Securities Trading Act and Executive Order No. 819 of 26 June 
2013 on the registration of demateralised securities in a central securities depository (Bekendtgørelse om 
registrering m.v. af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral) as well as the regulations, rules and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Central Securities Depository. The transfer to the Central 
Securities Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction shall release the Issuer 
from its payment obligations under the Securities in the amount of such payment. Settlement shall be effected 
to the Security Holder recorded as such on the relevant record date in accordance with the regulations, rules 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Central Securities Depository. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Dutch Uncertificated Securities, the following paragraph 
(1) shall apply:  
(1) The Issuer shall provide the due payments for all Securities issued by it by way of making available the due 
payments to the Dutch Paying Agent for onward transfer by Euroclear Nederland or pursuant to the instruction 
by Euroclear Nederland for credit to the relevant accountholders in accordance with the Wge, the regulations, 
rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Nederland. Payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of the Securities shall be made to the Security Holders registered as such on the 
business day (as defined by the then applicable Euroclear Nederland rules) before the due date for such 
payment, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the Euroclear 
Nederland rules and will be made in accordance with the Euroclear Nederland rules. Such day shall be the 
"Record Date" in respect of the Securities in accordance with the Euroclear Nederland rules. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Finnish Registered Securities, the following paragraph 
(1) shall apply:  
(1) The Issuer shall provide the due payments for all Securities issued by it by not later than the Maturity Date 
by way of making available the due payments to the Finnish Paying Agent for onward transfer by the Central 
Securities Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction for credit to the relevant 
accountholders in accordance with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (827/1991, as amended and/or re-
enacted from time to time) and the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (348/2017, 
as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time) as well as the regulations, rules and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by the Central Securities Depository. The transfer by the Central Securities 
Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction shall release the Issuer from its 
payment obligations under the Securities in the amount of such payment. Settlement shall be effected to the 
Security Holder recorded as such on the relevant Euroclear Finland record date in accordance with the 
regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Central Securities Depository. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – French Dematerialized Bearer Securities, the following 
paragraph (1) shall apply: 
(1) The Issuer shall provide the due payments for all Securities issued by it by not later than the Maturity Date 
by way of making available the due payments to French Paying Agent for onward transfer by the Central 
Securities Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction for credit to the relevant 
Securities Holders in compliance with the Clearing System. The transfer by the Central Securities Depository 
or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction shall release the Issuer from its payment 
obligations under the Securities in the amount of such payment. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Swedish Registered Securities, the following paragraph 
(1) shall apply:  
(1) The Issuer shall provide the due payments for all Securities issued by it by not later than the Maturity Date 
by way of making available the due payments to the Swedish Paying Agent for onward transfer by the Central 
Securities Depository or pursuant to the Central Securities Depository’s instruction for credit to the relevant 
accountholders in accordance with the SFIA Act, the regulations, rules and operating procedures applicable 
to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden. The transfer by the Central Securities Depository or pursuant to the

--- Page 98 ---
98/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Central Securities Depository’s instruction shall release the Issuer from its payment obligations under the 
Securities in the amount of such payment. 
The following paragraphs (2) to (8) shall apply to all Securities:  
(2) The due payments shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent and are binding for the Security Holders, 
unless there is an obvious error.  
(3) The values resulting from the calculation of the cash amounts shall be rounded up or down to two decimal 
places in accordance with normal commercial practice. 
(4) Any conversion of cash amounts payable from the Currency of the Underlying into the Settlement Currency 
shall be carried out in accordance with the Currency Conversion specified in the Product Conditions. 
(5) If a due payment is required to be made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions on a day that is not 
a Business Day, the payment may be postponed until the next following Business Day. The Security Holder 
shall not be entitled to demand interest or other compensation as a result of such a postponement.  
(6) All taxes, national and international transaction taxes, fees or other charges that may be incurred in 
connection with the due payments shall be borne by the Security Holder. The Issuer and/or the Paying Agent 
shall be entitled to withhold any taxes, fees or charges payable by the Security Holder from the due payments. 
(7) Settlement of the Securities is subject to all laws, regulations, administrative requirements and procedures 
applying on the respective Exercise Date, Oberservation Date, Valuation Date, Termination Date, Payment 
Date, Bonus Payment Date, Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date. The Issuer shall not be responsible for 
the eventuality that, as a result of these requirements and procedures, it is not in a position to meet its 
obligations in accordance with the preceding paragraphs despite making all reasonable efforts to do so, nor 
for actions or omissions by settlement agents arising from or in connection with the performance of the 
obligations arising from these Securities.  
(8) Neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agent(s) shall be obliged to verify the entitlement 
of the Security Holders. 
Section 11 Replacement of the Issuer 
(1) The Issuer shall be entitled to substitute another obligor in respect of the Securities ("New Issuer") in its 
stead at any time without the consent of the Security Holders provided that  
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Securities 
pursuant to a contractual agreement with the Issuer, 
(b) 
the Issuer has provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee in favour of the Security Holders of 
the performance of all the obligations to be assumed by the New Issuer and 
(c) 
the New Issuer has obtained all necessary approvals from the authorities of the country in which it has 
its registered office. 
(2) In the event of such replacement, all references to the Issuer contained in the Terms and Conditions shall 
be deemed to henceforth refer to the New Issuer.  
(3) The replacement shall be notified without undue delay pursuant to section 12. 
Section 12 Notices 
(1) All notices relating to the Securities shall be published on the website of the Issuer at 
prospectus.vontobel.com (on the relevant product page for the respective Security accessible by entry of the 
respective ISIN on the website prospectus.vontobel.com or generally under the heading <<Notices>>) or on 
another website which the Issuer will announce at least six (6) weeks in advance in accordance with this 
section 12. Such notices shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which they are first published. 
(2) The Issuer reserves the right, in addition to the publication of a notice pursuant to paragraph (1), to deliver 
a notice to the relevant Central Securities Depository for communication by the Central Securities Depository 
to the Security Holder. Even if the notice is communicated by the relevant Central Securities Depository the 
first publication pursuant to sentence 2 of paragraph (1) remains decisive for the time of effectiveness of the 
notice. 
(3) Notices shall also be published, to the extent required by statute or pursuant to exchange rules, in at least 
one national newspaper for statutory stock exchange announcements of those stock exchanges on which the 
Securities are listed.

--- Page 99 ---
99/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(4) Unless required by statute or pursuant to exchange rules or unless expressly so provided in these Terms 
and Conditions, notices shall be given for information purposes only and do not constitute a prerequisite of 
validity. 
Section 13 Partial Redemption, Interest, Bonus Payments 
(1) Partial Redemption 
If the Product Conditions specify Partial Redemption – Applicable, the following provisions shall apply: 
If the Underyling is a proprietary index or a proprietary basket, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) In the context of a Partial Liquidation of the Underlying (as defined in paragraph (b) below) the Issuer may 
make one or more partial repayment(s) of the Securities during the term of the Securities (each an "Partial 
Redemption"), .  
(b) A "Partial Liquidation of the Underlying" exists if the relevant Reference Agent has announced a partial 
liquidation of the Underlying in accordance with the relevant rules of the Underlying. The Partial Liquidation of 
the Underlying is only effective if the respective announcement includes the amount of the partial liquidation 
in the Currency of the Underlying (the "Partial Liquidation Amount"), the time of the distribution of the 
liquidation amount (the "Partial Liquidation Date") and the trading day on which the price of the Underlying 
is calculated by the Reference Agent for the first time ex-partial liquidation amount (the "Reference Date of 
the Partial Liquidation"). The Issuer decides in each case whether the conditions for a Partial Liquidation of 
the Underlying are met at its reasonable discretion. 
(c) If the conditions for a Partial Liquidation of the Underlying are met, the Issuer will pay out the Partial 
Redemption Amount on the Partial Redemption Date. The "Partial Redemption Amount" basically corresponds 
to the Partial Liquidation Amount multiplied by the ratio and, if applicable, converted into the reference currency 
in accordance with Section 10 (4). When determining the Partial Redemption Amount, the Issuer may, at its 
reasonable discretion, include other factors in determining the Partial Redemption Amount in order to take 
regulatory or administrative measures or changes, e.g. consider changes in tax rates or tax laws that may 
affect the payment, withholding taxes or other fees or deductions. 
(d) The Security Holder is only entitled to receive the Partial Redemption Amount on a Partial Redemption 
Date if he has acquired the Securities before the relevant Partial Redemption Date. The "Partial Redemption 
Date" corresponds to the respective date of the partial liquidation (as defined in the description of the respective 
underlying). If the Securities are acquired on or after the Partial Redemption Date, the Security Holder is not 
entitled to payment of the Partial Redemption Amount on the relevant Partial Redemption Date.  
(e) A Partial Repayment, including the indication of the Partial Redemption Amount and the Partial Redemption 
Date, will be announced to the Security Holders immediately after the determination of a Partial Liquidation of 
the Underlying pursuant to Paragraph (b) pursuant to Section 12 of the General Conditions. 
If the Underyling is a virtual currency, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) The Issuer may carry out one or more partial redemption(s) of the Securities (each an "Partial 
Redemption") in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Final Terms of the Securities. In this 
context, the Issuer will pay out the Partial Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on 
the Partial Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
(b) The Securityholder is only entitled to receive the Partial Redemption Amount on a Partial Redemption Date 
if he has acquired the Securities prior to the relevant Partial Redemption Cut-off Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). If the Securities are acquired on or after the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date, the 
Security Holder is not entitled to payment of the Partial Redemption Amount on the relevant Partial Redemption 
Date.  
(c) An Partial Redemption will be announced to the Security Holders immediately in accordance with § 12 of 
the General Conditions.

--- Page 100 ---
100/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(2) Bonus Payments: 
If the Product Conditions specify Bonus Payment Type – Conditional Bonus Payment, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) If on one of the Observation Dates specified in the Product Conditions a Bonus Event defined in the Product 
Conditions occurs, the Issuer shall pay on the, subject to section 10 (5), following Bonus Payment Date defined 
in the Product Conditions the Bonus Amount allocated to that Observation Date in respect of each Security. 
(b) The Security Holder shall be entitled to receive a potential Bonus Amount in accordance with paragraph 
(2)(b) of this section 13 on the respective Bonus Payment Date only if the Security Holder acquired the 
Securities before the respective Ex-Date. If the Securities are purchased on or after the relevant Ex-Date, the 
Security Holder is not entitled to receive a Bonus Amount on that Bonus Payment Date. "Ex-Date" generally 
means the Business Day following the Observation Date on which the Bonus Event relevant for the Bonus 
Payment occurred. The Ex-Date may differ in individual cases. If this is the case, the Ex-Date will be 
announced in accordance with section 12. 
(c) No (further) bonus payments shall be made in respect of the Securities in the event of Early Redemption 
for Securities with the possibility of Early Redemption (section 4) or upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
for Securities with Collateralisation (section 15). 
If the Product Conditions specify Bonus Payment Type – Unconditional Bonus Payment, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) The Issuer shall pay on each, subject to section 10 (5), Bonus Payment Date defined in the Product 
Conditions the Bonus Amount allocated to that Bonus Payment Date in respect of each Security. 
(b) The Security Holder shall be entitled to receive a Bonus Amount in accordance with paragraph (2)(b) of 
this section 13 on the respective Bonus Payment Date only if the Security Holder acquired the Securities before 
the respective Ex-Date. If the Securities are purchased on or after the relevant Ex-Date, the Security Holder is 
not entitled to receive a Bonus Amount on that Bonus Payment Date. "Ex-Date" generally means the second 
(2nd) Business Day preceding the respective Bonus Payment Date. The Ex-Date may differ in individual cases. 
If this is the case, the Ex-Date will be announced in accordance with section 12. 
(c) No (further) bonus payments shall be made in respect of the Securities in the event of Early Redemption 
for Securities with the possibility of Early Redemption (section 4) or upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event 
for Securities with Collateralisation (section 15). 
(3) Interest Accrual Period, Interest Rate and Interest Period: 
If the Product Conditions specify Interest Type – Fixed Interest, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) The Securities shall bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date specified in the Product 
Conditions (inclusive) at the Interest Rate specified in the Product Conditions based on the nominal amount 
for each Security and each Interest Period (as defined below) using the Interest Calculation Method (as defined 
in paragraph (6) in connection with the relevant Product Conditions). The interest accrual period of the 
Securities shall end – subject to the following paragraph (5) – upon the expiry of the day preceding the Maturity 
Date. 
(b) The period between the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the first Interest Payment Date 
(exclusive) and, where applicable, the respective period between the first Interest Payment Date or the 
subsequent Interest Payment Dates (inclusive) and the respective next Interest Payment Dates (exclusive) 
shall be referred to in each case as an "Interest Period". 
If the Product Conditions specify Interest Type – Variable Interest, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) The Securities shall bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date specified in the Product 
Conditions (inclusive) at the Variable Interest Rate (as defined below) based on the nominal amount for each 
Security and each Interest Period (as defined below) using the Interest Calculation Method (as defined in 
paragraph (6) in connection with the relevant Product Conditions). The interest accrual period of the Securities 
shall end – subject to the following paragraph (5) – upon the expiry of the day preceding the Maturity Date. 
(b) The period between the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the first Interest Payment Date 
(exclusive) and, where applicable, the respective period between the first Interest Payment Date or the 
subsequent Interest Payment Dates (inclusive) and the respective next Interest Payment Dates (exclusive) 
shall be referred to in each case as an "Interest Period". 
(c) The interest rate applicable for an Interest Period (the "Variable Interest Rate") shall correspond to the 
Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) determined for the respective Interest Period on the relevant

--- Page 101 ---
101/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Product Conditions), with the addition or subtraction, where 
applicable, of any premium or discount ("Spread") specified in the Product Conditions or multiplied, where 
applicable, by any multiplication factor specified in the Product Conditions (the "Multiplication Factor"). 
If a minimum interest rate ("Floor") is specified in the Product Conditions and the Variable Interest Rate 
determined for an Interest Period is lower than the Floor, the Variable Interest Rate for that Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Floor. If no Floor is stipulated in the Product Conditions, the Variable Interest Rate for that 
Interest Period shall amount to least 0% p.a. 
If a maximum interest rate ("Cap") is specified in the Product Conditions and the Variable Interest Rate 
determined for an Interest Period is higher than the Cap, the Variable Interest Rate for that Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Cap. 
The Variable Interest Rate for the respective Interest Period shall be announced pursuant to section 12 once 
it has been determined. 
The "Reference Interest Rate" shall be the interbank rate or swap rate specified in the Product Conditions as 
displayed on the screen page specified in the Product Conditions or a successor page (the "Screen Page") 
on the respective Interest Determination Date at the determination time stipulated in the Product Conditions. 
If the Screen Page is not available at the specified time or if the Reference Interest Rate is not displayed, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Interest Rate using a different financial information service. 
If the Reference Interest Rate referred to above is no longer displayed in one of the ways referred to above, 
the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to specify an interest rate determined on the basis of currently prevailing 
market practice as the Reference Interest Rate. In this event, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled, but not 
obliged, to ask reference banks to provide their respective quotations for an interest rate corresponding to the 
Reference Interest Rate at the time specified on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If at least two of the 
reference banks have submitted a corresponding quotation to the Calculation Agent, the Reference Interest 
Rate can be determined using the arithmetic mean calculated by the Calculation Agent (rounded, where 
relevant, to the nearest thousandth of a percentage point) of the quotations provided to it by those reference 
banks. If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in the aforementioned manner, the Reference 
Interest Rate shall be calculated on the basis of the Reference Interest Rate displayed on the Screen Page on 
the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If the Reference Interest Rate has a negative value, it shall be offset against the Spread, so that it reduces the 
Spread. 
(4) Payment of Interest: 
Interest shall be payable in each case in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Product 
Conditions ((respectively) the "Interest Payment Date"). The interest amount payable (the "Interest Amount") 
for each Interest Payment Date shall be rounded in accordance with section 10. If an Interest Payment Date 
is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed in accordance with the rules set out in 
section 13 (7). 
(5) Early end of the Interest Accrual Period in the case of certain events: 
(a) In the event of Extraordinary Termination pursuant to section 6 (3), interest shall cease to accrue on the 
Securities upon the expiry of the day immediately preceding the day on which the Termination Amount is paid. 
(b) If the possibility of Early Redemption pursuant to section 4 is applicable in accordance with the Product 
Conditions, the following shall apply: 
In the event of Early Redemption, interest shall cease to accrue on the Securities upon the expiry of the day 
preceding the Payment Date on which Early Redemption takes place. In this case, interest shall accrue on the 
nominal amount of the Securities up to that Payment Date (exclusive) at the Interest Rate applicable for the 
respective Interest Period. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Product Conditions may provide that the Interest Amount for the whole of 
the current Interest Period shall be paid early on that Payment Date.  
(c) If under the Product Conditions the Securities are secured by collateral pursuant to section 15 (Securities 
with Collateralisation), the following shall apply: 
If a Liquidation Event pursuant to section 15 occurs, interest shall cease to accrue on the Securities upon the 
expiry of the day immediately preceding the day on which the Securities become due pursuant to section 15 
(9). 
(6) Business Day Convention:

--- Page 102 ---
102/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, the following rules shall apply to the extent that they are 
specified as applicable as the "Business Day Convention" in the Product Conditions. 
following: If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be the next 
following Business Day. 
modified following: If an Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
next following Business Day, unless the Interest Payment Date would fall into the next calendar month as a 
result; in this event, the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
unadjusted: The Interest Amount due on the relevant Interest Payment Date and, where applicable, the 
following Interest Amount shall not be adjusted accordingly if an Interest Payment Date is postponed. This 
postponement of an Interest Payment Date shall not give rise to any claim to additional interest and other 
payments. 
adjusted: The Interest Amount due on the relevant Interest Payment Date and, where applicable, the following 
Interest Amount shall be adjusted accordingly if an Interest Payment Date is postponed. 
(7) Interest Calculation Method: 
If the Securities bear interest, the Interest Calculation Method shall be specified in the Product Conditions. The 
terms employed shall have the following meanings for this purpose: 
30/360: Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year with 360 days and with 12 months of 30 days each. 
act/360: Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year with 360 days. Each month shall be included in the 
calculation with the actual number of days. 
act/365: Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year with 365 days. Each month shall be included in the 
calculation with the actual number of days. 
act/act: Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the days elapsed in an Interest Period and the actual number 
of days in a year (365 or 366) in accordance with the detailed provisions of ICMA Rule 251 (actual/actual). 
Section 14 Increase of Issue, Repurchase of Securities 
(1) The Issuer shall be entitled at any time to issue additional Securities with the same features in such a way 
that they are consolidated with the Securities, form a single issue with them and increase their number. In the 
case of such an increase of issue, the term "Securities" shall also refer to the additional Securities issued. 
(2) The companies of the Vontobel Group (these include all consolidated subsidiaries of Vontobel Holding AG, 
Zurich) shall be entitled at any time during the Term of the Securities to buy or sell the latter in off-market or, 
where applicable, on-market transactions. These companies are under no obligation to inform the Security 
Holders of such purchases or sales. Repurchased Securities may be cancelled, held, resold or otherwise 
disposed of. 
Section 15 Securities with triparty collateral management (TCM) 
If the Product Conditions stipulate that the provisions of this section 15 for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) are applicable, the following shall apply: 
(1) Securities with TCM shall be collateralised by an agreement entered into by Bank Vontobel AG, Zurich, as 
collateral provider, (the "Collateral Provider"), SIX Repo AG, Zurich, acting as a direct representative for and 
in the name of the Security Holder as collateral taker, SIX SIS AG, Zurich, acting as custodian and collateral 
manager, and Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, as the Issuer (the "Framework 
Agreement"). 
The Collateral Provider shall provide corresponding collateral. The collateral shall be pledged in favour of the 
investors, who shall be represented for this purpose by the collateral taker. The collateral shall be used for the 
purpose of satisfying the liabilities of the Issuer to the investors in the event of insolvency or similar events 
(e.g. payment default, restructuring, liquidation etc.) or in the event of under-collateralisation. The collateral 
shall be selected by the Collateral Provider and deposited with SIX SIS AG in a segregated TCM account and 
securities account in the name of the Collateral Provider. 
The costs of the TCM collateralisation (including the lending costs for the collateral required) shall be reflected 
in the pricing of the Securities and thus borne indirectly by the investors. 
The collateral taker shall acquire a security interest in accordance with Article 25 paragraph 2(b) of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Intermediated Securities over the collateral and a right of lien in accordance with Article 899 et 
seq. of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Schweizerisches Obligationenrecht, "OR") over cash funds provided 
as collateral. The Current Value (see definition in paragraph (2)) of a Security shall be calculated by the

--- Page 103 ---
103/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Collateral Provider, notified to SIX Financial Information AG on each business day and published on the 
corresponding website of SIX Financial Information AG. The collateral shall be valued and adjusted by SIX 
SIS AG several times on each business day on the basis of the securities prices and/or exchange rates 
provided by SIX Financial Information AG. The permitted collateral shall be selected by SIX SIS AG on an 
ongoing basis from a variety of types of securities, including those securities representing direct or indirect 
Underlyings of the Security. The Collateral Provider shall inform the Security Holder on request about the 
collateral permitted in each case for the purpose of collateralising the Security. 
(2) Method of collateralisation: The collateral to be provided by the Collateral Provider shall be based on the 
respective value of the Security (the "Current Value"). The calculation of the Current Value of the Security 
shall be performed exclusively by the Collateral Provider in accordance with recognised accounting principles, 
but without an independent review. Neither the collateral manager nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial 
Information AG, Zurich, shall perform a recalculation or other review of the calculation of the Current Value. 
The Collateral Provider shall notify the Current Value to SIX Financial Information AG which shall then publish 
it. On the basis of the Current Value published by SIX Financial Information AG, SIX SIS AG shall calculate 
whether the coverage requirements for the collateral have been met.  
Neither the collateral manager nor SIX SIS AG nor SIX Financial Information AG shall be liable for losses or 
damage suffered by a collateral taker as the result of the deficient calculation of the Current Value or the 
deficient notification of that value to SIX Financial Information AG. The Collateral Provider may fulfil the function 
of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent shall notify the method employed for the calculation of the 
Current Value on request. The method of calculation shall be specified for each Security at the date of issue 
and shall remain unchanged throughout its Term. The collateral provided for a Security is intended only for 
that Security (the "Earmarked Collateral") and does not collateralise any other Securities. 
(3) Liquidation of collateral: If the Collateral Provider fails to fulfil its obligations, the collateral will be 
liquidated by the collateral manager or a liquidator under the terms of the applicable legal regulations. The 
collateral may be liquidated in particular (the "Liquidation Events"), if (i) the Collateral Provider does not 
provide the collateral required or fails to do so in due time, unless the deficiency is remedied within five (5) 
Business Days; (ii) the Issuer does not perform a payment or delivery obligation relating to a Security when 
due under the Terms and Conditions or fails to do so in due time, unless the deficiency is remedied within five 
(5) Business Days; or (iii) the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (Eidgenössische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht, "FINMA") orders protective measures pursuant to Article 26 (1) (f) or (h) of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks (Bundesgesetz über die Banken und Sparkassen, "Swiss Banking 
Act"), restructuring measures pursuant to Article 28 et seq. of the Swiss Banking Act or liquidation (bankruptcy) 
pursuant to Article 33 et seq. of the Swiss Banking Act with respect to the Issuer or the Collateral Provider or 
a foreign supervisory authority or competent court issues a comparable order. 
(4) Determination of a Liquidation Event: The collateral manager is under no obligation to undertake 
investigations with regard to the occurrence of a Liquidation Event. For the purpose of determining the 
occurrence of a Liquidation Event, it shall base its decision on information received from the Collateral Provider 
or from official sources of information (e.g. FINMA). The collateral manager shall determine whether an event 
qualifies as a Liquidation Event and the time at which the Liquidation Event occurred, with binding effect for 
the Security Holders. 
(5) Procedure on the occurrence of a Liquidation Event: If a Liquidation Event occurs, the collateral 
manager shall be entitled in its reasonable discretion, immediately or at a later time, to give public notice of 
the following: (i) the existence of a Liquidation Event, (ii) all relevant procedures it has undertaken in connection 
with the liquidation of the Earmarked Collateral, (iii) all relevant procedures it has undertaken in connection 
with the usage of the liquidation proceeds and their payment to the collateral taker and (iv) all other information 
relevant to the collateral taker. 
(6) Maturity of the Security and Security Holders' claims against the Issuer: A Liquidation Event in relation 
to a product does not give rise to the occurrence of a Liquidation Event in relation to other collateralised 
Securities of the Issuer. Following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the collateralised liabilities attributable 
to the Securities for which the Liquidation Event has occurred shall become due and payable with immediate 
effect. The collateral manager shall notify the Security Holder of the Maturity Date for the Liquidation Event. 
The acquisition of a Security collateralised in accordance with the Framework Agreement by a Security Holder 
automatically entails acceptance of the collateral manager as its representative for the purposes of the triparty 
collateral management arrangement.  
In dealings with the collateral manager and SIX SIS AG, the Security Holders are bound by the provisions of 
the Framework Agreement, specifically the choice of Swiss law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of 
the Canton of Zurich (Switzerland).

--- Page 104 ---
104/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Following the occurrence of a Liquidation Event in relation to a Security, the collateral manager shall determine 
the liquidation value of that Security as the last available Current Value prior to the occurrence of the 
Liquidation Event. This value shall be binding for the Collateral Provider and the Security Holders. The relevant 
Current Values shall form the basis for the claims of the Security Holders against the Issuer at the maturity of 
the Securities in accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement. 
(7) Liquidation costs and payment to the Security Holders: All costs of the collateral manager and all costs 
in connection with the liquidation of the collateral (including fees, taxes and levies) shall be covered in advance 
out of the liquidation proceeds of the collateral. Furthermore, the collateral manager shall be entitled to cover 
all outstanding claims against the collateral taker due to it under the terms of the Framework Agreement in 
advance out of the liquidation proceeds of the collateral. The remaining liquidation proceeds shall be available 
for payment to the Security Holders of the Security. The pro rata net liquidation proceeds due to the Security 
Holders shall be transferred to the participants in SIX SIS AG on a delivery against payment basis. The 
collateral manager shall be released hereby from all further obligations.  
The Security Holders' claim shall not bear interest. Payment to the Security Holders may be delayed for 
practical or legal reasons. If payment is delayed for any reason whatsoever, the collateral manager and SIX 
SIS AG shall not be liable for default interest or damages. Each Security is collateralised by its Earmarked 
Collateral. The maximum claim of a Security Holder for satisfaction out of the net liquidation proceeds of the 
Earmarked Collateral is therefore based on the Current Value of the Security. The Security Holders' claims 
against the Issuer arising from the Security shall be reduced to the extent of the pro rata net liquidation 
proceeds paid. In accordance with the provisions of the Framework Agreement, there shall be no further claims 
of the Security Holders against the collateral manager, SIX SIS AG or other persons involved in the 
collateralisation of the Security.  
(8) Liability: The parties to the Framework Agreement shall be liable for damages only in the event of gross 
negligence or wilful intent. Further liability is excluded. 
Section 16 Presentation Period and Statute of Limitations 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – German Global Certificates, the following provisions 
shall apply:  
The presentation period for the Securities (pursuant to section 801 (1) sentence 1 BGB) shall be shortened to 
ten years, beginning with the date on which the relevant obligation of the Issuer arising from the Securities first 
becomes due. Claims arising from Securities presented during this presentation period shall become time-
barred within two years beginning with the expiry of the presentation period. For claims to interest and bonus 
payments, the statutory periods for the limitation of claims provided for by sections 195, 199 BGB shall apply. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Swiss Uncertificated Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply:  
In accordance with applicable law of the Swiss Confederation, claims of all kinds against the Issuer arising in 
connection with the Securities shall lapse ten years after the relevant payment or delivery becomes due. This 
provision does not apply to claims for interest or bonus payments which shall become time-barred after five 
years after the relevant interest or bonus payments become due. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Danish Uncertificated Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
The presentation period for claims of a Security Holder against the Issuer for payment of principal corresponds 
to ten (10) years from the due date of such payment. The presentation period for claims of a Security Holder 
against the Issuer for the payment of interest or other amounts payable corresponds to three (3) years from 
the due date of such payment. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Dutch Uncertificated Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
In accordance with applicable Dutch Law, claims of all kinds against the Issuer arising in connection with the 
Securities shall lapse five (5) years after the relevant payment becomes due. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – French Dematerialized Bearer Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years following the date on which such amount fell due.

--- Page 105 ---
105/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Finnish Registered Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
In the case of Finnish Registered Securities, claims against the Issuer for the payment of any such amount 
payable in respect of the Securities shall become void unless made within three (3) years, in each case after 
the Relevant Date. For the purposes of this condition, "Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment 
first becomes due, or such later date on which an interruption of the period of limitation (Fi. vanhentumisen 
katkaiseminen) is made in accordance with the Finnish Limitations Act (728/2003, as amended). 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Italian Uncertificated Certificates, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
The presentation period for claims of a Security Holders against the Issuer for the payment of principal 
corresponds to ten (10) years from the due date for such payment. The presentation period for claims of a 
Security Holder against the Issuer for the payment of interest corresponds to five (5) years from the due date 
for such payment. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Norwegian Registered Securities, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
In accordance with the Norwegian Limitation Act of 1979, claims of Security Holders against the Issuer shall 
lapse ten years after the due dates of payment of principal. Any interest payments after such ten years have 
passed, lapse after three (3) years from the due dates of such later interest payments. 
If the Product Conditions stipulate Registry Type – Swedish Registered Securities, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Swedish Registered Securities will be prescribed unless made within 
ten (10) years after the due date for payment. If the presentation period in respect of Swedish Registered 
Securities is interrupted a new presentation period of ten years will commence. Where the presentation period 
is interrupted through any acknowledgement, claim or reminder a new presentation period shall commence on 
the date of the interruption or, where the presentation period is interrupted through legal proceedings or the 
claims for payment is brought before in a court of law, enforcement authority or in arbitration proceedings, 
bankruptcy proceedings or proceedings for a judicial composition with creditors, a new presentation period 
shall commence on the date on which a judgment or final decision is rendered or the procedure is otherwise 
terminated. 
Section 17 Miscellaneous 
If the Governing Law is stipulated to be German Law pursuant to Section 8 (1) above, the following shall apply: 
(1) The place of performance shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) The place of jurisdiction for all legal disputes arising from the matters dealt with in these Terms and 
Conditions for merchants (Kaufleute), legal persons subject to public law, public-sector special corporations 
and persons without a general place of jurisdiction in Germany shall be, with the exception of the Guarantee 
(section 8), to the extent legally permitted, Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) To the extent that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent make or omit adjustments in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions and take or omit other measures, they shall be liable only if they fail to meet the duty of 
care of a prudent businessman or in the event of gross negligence. 
(4) The Issuer shall be entitled to amend or to add (i) obvious clerical or computational errors or similar manifest 
mistakes and (ii) contradictory or incomplete provisions in these Terms and Conditions without the consent of 
the Security Holder. In this context, only such changes or additions are permitted in the cases specified under 
(ii) that, with due consideration for the interests of the Issuer, are not disadvantageous to the Security Holder 
i.e. that do not have a material adverse effect on the Security Holder’s financial position. Amendments or 
additions to these Terms and Conditions shall be notified without undue delay in accordance with section 12. 
(5) The Issuer as well as Vontobel Holding AG, Gotthardstrasse 44, CH-8022 Zürich, Switzerland, appoint 
each other as authorised agents for receipt of service (authorised recipients) in Germany and Switzerland, 
respectively, for all proceedings pending in those jurisdictions in connection with the Securities. Service shall 
be deemed to have been effected upon receipt by the relevant authorised recipient (irrespective of whether it 
was forwarded to the Issuer and the latter have received it). The Issuer and the Guarantor undertake to appoint 
a substitute authorised recipient in the event that the relevant authorised recipient is no longer in a position for 
whatever reason to act as such, or no longer has an address in Germany or Switzerland, respectively. Notice

--- Page 106 ---
106/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
shall be given of such an appointment in accordance with section 12. The foregoing shall not affect the right 
to effect service in any manner permitted by law. 
(6) The distribution of the Base Prospectus and of the Final Terms including the Terms and Conditions, i.e. the 
General Conditions and the Product Conditions, and the offering or purchase of the Securities may be subject 
to legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The Securities may be offered or purchased in a given jurisdiction 
only subject to compliance with the applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction. 
(7) The English version of these Terms and Conditions shall be binding. Any translation is for convenience 
only. 
If the Governing Law is stipulated to be Swiss Law pursuant to Section 8 (1) above, the following shall apply: 
(1) The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the Commercial Court 
(Handelsgericht) of the Canton of Zurich for all legal disputes relating to the Securities. The place of jurisdiction 
is Zurich 1. The right to appeal a decision to the Swiss Federal Supreme Court in Lausanne in accordance 
with the applicable procedural law is hereby reserved. In this respect the Issuer and the Guarantor waive any 
defence of lack of jurisdiction that proceedings have been brought before an inappropriate court (forum non 
conveniens). This submission to jurisdiction is made for the benefit of each Security Holder; it does not limit 
the right of the Security Holder to bring proceedings before any other competent court, nor do proceedings 
pending in one or more jurisdictions exclude proceedings in another jurisdiction (whether concurrent or not). 
(2) The Issuer shall be entitled to amend or supplement all of the terms Terms and conditions Conditions 
without the consent of the Security Holders (i) for the purpose of correcting an obvious error and (ii) for the 
purpose of clarifying any matter which is unclear or for making any correction or addition to the terms Terms 
and conditions Conditions that the Issuer deems necessary or desirable, but only such amendments or 
additions shall be permitted in the cases referred to under (ii) that do not have a material adverse effect on the 
financial situation of the Security Holders. The Issuer's right to amend or supplement all of the terms Terms 
and conditions Conditions to the extent required by legislation or by decisions of the courts or of the authorities 
is hereby reserved. Notice shall be given of amendments or additions to the conditions in accordance with 
section 12. 
(3) The Issuer and the Guarantor appoint each other as authorised agents for receipt of service (authorised 
recipients) in Germany and Switzerland, respectively, for all proceedings pending in those jurisdictions in 
connection with the Securities. Service shall be deemed to have been effected upon receipt by the relevant 
authorised recipient (irrespective of whether it was forwarded to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the latter 
have received it). The Issuer and the Guarantor undertake to appoint a substitute authorised recipient in the 
event that the relevant authorised recipient is no longer in a position for whatever reason to act as such, or no 
longer has an address in Germany or Switzerland, respectively. Notice shall be given of such an appointment 
in accordance with section 12. The foregoing shall not affect the right to effect service in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(4) The distribution of the Base Prospectus and of the Final Terms including the Terms and Conditions and 
the offering or purchase of the Securities may be subject to legal restrictions in certain jurisdictions. The 
Securities may be offered or purchased in a given jurisdiction only subject to compliance with the applicable 
laws of the relevant jurisdiction. 
(5) The English version of these Terms and Conditions shall be binding. Any translation is for convenience 
only. 
Section 18 Severability 
Should any provision of these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, incomplete or unenforceable, either 
in whole or in part, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions. The Parties agree to replace 
the invalid, incomplete or unenforceable provision and rectify any omission with a provision that reflects the 
spirit and purpose of these Terms and Conditions and the interests of the Parties.

--- Page 107 ---
107/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
7.2 Product Conditions 
The Product Features presented in the Product Conditions below will be not be specified by the Issuer until 
shortly prior to the start of the offer and will be added in the Final Terms. Depending on the respective Type of 
Security to be issued, for the purposes of the individual issue the relevant section from 7.2.1 to 7.2.4 in each 
case will be incorporated into chapter II. of the Final Terms, and the empty spaces and placeholders will be 
filled in and the relevant options selected. 
7.2.1 Product Conditions for Tracker Certificates (Product No. 1) 
 [ 
Type of Security 
Tracker Certificates [Quanto] [with Coupon] [with conditional Bonus 
Payment] [with triparty collateral management (TCM)] 
Settlement Currency 
of the Securities shall be ●. [All references to ● should be understood 
as references to [insert details of the Currency: ●].] 
Offer Size [(up to)] 
● [in the case of an increase of issue, additionally:, which shall be 
consolidated with the outstanding 
Securities (ISIN ● / WKN ● / Valor ●) issued on [insert issue date of the 
Original Securities: ●] [(and increased on [list earlier increases of issue, 
where applicable: ●])] and form a single issue within the meaning of 
section 14 of the General Conditions (corresponding to a total offer size 
of ●).] 
Issue Date 
● 
Fixing Date 
● 
Valuation Date 
● 
If the Valuation Date is not an Exchange Day, it shall be postponed 
[with respect to the Basket Constituent concerned] to [the next following 
Exchange Day] [insert modified provision, where applicable: ●]. 
[insert only in case of Italian Uncertificated Certificates: 
Expiry Date (Data di 
Scadenza)  
[shall mean the Valuation Date.] [[●] Business Days following the Valuation 
Date.] [●]] 
Maturity Date 
● 
Term 
The Term of the Securities shall begin on the Issue Date (inclusive) and 
shall end – subject to extraordinary termination by the Issuer pursuant 
to section 6 of the General Conditions [Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM): and subject to the occurrence of a Liquidation 
Event pursuant to section 15 of the General Conditions] – on the 
Valuation Date. 
Product Features 
means the Underlying[,] [the Strike and the Initial Price of the 
Underlying][[,] [and] the Ratio] [,] [and] [the Bonus Threshold][[,] [and] 
the Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto 
Interest Rate]. 
Underlying 
[insert description of the Underlying: ●] 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs), other dividend-bearing securities and indices as the 
Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●]

--- Page 108 ---
108/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of proprietary Vontobel Strategy Indices as the 
Underlying, insert additionally: 
Index Sponsor:  
●] 
Index Calculation Agent:  
[Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 
8002 Zurich, Switzerland] [●] [(also 
Reference Agent in addition)].] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one index point 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Underlying.] 
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert: 
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Unit of measurement:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, 
insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●] 
[In the case of interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one percentage point in 
the pricing of the Underlying by the Reference Agent corresponds to 
one unit of the Currency of the Underlying.]] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Base Currency / Strike Currency:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●]

--- Page 109 ---
109/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.]] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] Symbol:  
●] 
[Base Currency / Strike Currency:  
●] 
[Reference Agents: 
●] 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.]] 
[All references to ● should be understood as references to [insert details 
of the Currency: ●].] 
Initial Reference Price  
● 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally where 
applicable:  
Underlying on the Issue 
Date] 
[●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] Symbol: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Current Underlying 
[On each Rollover Date a Rollover procedure shall be carried out 
whereby the Issuer replaces the respective Current Underlying with 
another Underlying (future) which, except for the expiry date which is 
further in the future, has the same or comparable contract 
specifications. 
The "Current Underlying" from the Issue Date until the first Rollover 
Date means the "Underlying on the Issue Date", as specified above. 
On the first Rollover Date this Underlying shall lose its validity and shall 
be replaced by the Underlying falling due on the Reference Agent in the 
next following Rollover Month. On each subsequent Rollover Date, the 
Current Underlying shall be replaced analogously by the underlying 
contract falling due on the Reference Agent in the next following 
Rollover Month.]

--- Page 110 ---
110/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[The above described replacement is subject to the condition, that the 
Rollover Reference Price of the Underlying falling due on the Reference 
Agent in the next following Rollover Month is positive on the Rollover 
Date.  
If the Rollover Reference Price of such Underlying is zero (0) or negative 
on the Rollover Date, the Current Underlying shall be replaced 
analogously by the underlying contract falling due on the Reference 
Agent in the next following Rollover Month at the Reference Agent that 
has a positive Rollover Reference Price on the Rollover Date.]] 
[In the case that no following underlying contract exists for which the 
Rollover Reference Price of the Underlying is positive [or that the 
Rollover Reference Price of any of the following underlying contracts is 
lower than the Rollover Reference Price for the Current Underlying 
before Rollover on the Rollover Date minus the Strike on the Rollover 
Date], the Issuer is entitled to terminate the Securities extraordinarily 
[(in accordance with § 6 paragraph 3 of the General Conditions)].] 
[insert modified provision relating to the Rollover, where applicable: ●]] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Date] 
[shall be determined in each case by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion [for Securities subject to German law (sections 
315, 317 BGB)] and shall fall within a period of ten trading days prior to 
the last trading day of the Current Underlying on the Reference Agent. 
[In the event that the first notice day of the Current Underlying is before 
its last trading day, the period for the Rollover Date shall begin ten 
trading days prior to the first notice day and shall end with the last 
trading day of the Current Underlying.]] [insert alternative definition of a 
Rollover Date: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Month(s) 
means [insert corresponding contract months: ●] [each contract month 
defined in relation to the Underlying on the Reference Agent]. 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Reference Price 
The Rollover Reference Price is determined on each Rollover Date by 
the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the basis of the 
prices of the Current Underlying traded and published at the Reference 
Agent within one hour before and including the time when the official 
settlement price is determined by the latter.] 
[(current)] 
[Initial Price of the 
Underlying 
●] 
[Strike 
●] 
[Ratio 
● [in the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, 
insert additionally where applicable: On each Rollover Date the current 
Ratio shall be adjusted in accordance with the following formula: [insert 
calculation method: ●.]] 
Redemption Style  
Payment (Cash Settlement) 
Cash Amount 
The Cash Amount (section 3 of the General Conditions) shall be 
calculated 
[from the Reference Price of the Underlying on the Valuation Date [in 
the case of a Ratio expressed as a fraction, insert: divided by the] [in 
the case of a Ratio expressed as a number, insert: multiplied by the]

--- Page 111 ---
111/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[(current)] Ratio[, less the Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance 
Fee] [and the Quanto Interest Rate].] 
[from the Strike multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio and] the Performance 
of the Underlying.] 
[from the Initial Price of the Underlying multiplied by [the [(current)] 
Ratio and] the Performance of the Underlying.] 
[insert additionally formula for the calculation of the Cash Amount, 
where applicable: ●] 
The Cash Amount cannot be negative. A calculated value that is 
negative results in a Cash Amount of zero. 
[If the Currency of the Underlying [or of the Basket Constituents] is 
different from the Settlement Currency of the Securities, the Cash 
Amount shall be converted into the Settlement Currency of the 
Securities in accordance with the relevant Conversion Rate.] 
[Performance 
[The Performance on the Valuation Date corresponds to the 
Performance of the Underlying [adjusted for the Management Fee[,] 
[and] the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto Interest Rate]], and shall 
be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
∏






⋅
−
=
−
t
t
t
t
d
Fee
B
B
e
Performanc
360
1
 
where: 
t is the number of [Exchange Days][insert alternative relevant days, 
where applicable: •] that have elapsed since the Issue Date; 
Bt is the Reference Price of the Underlying on [Exchange Day][•] t; 
B0 is the Initial Price of the Underlying; 
Fee is the [Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t] [total of 
the Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t [,] [and] the 
Performance Fee] and of the applicable Quanto Interest Rate]; 
dt is the number of calendar days between [Exchange Days][•] t-1 and 
t.] 
[of the respective Underlying shall correspond to the quotient of (i) the 
Reference Price of the respective Underlying on the [Valuation Date][●] 
and (ii) the [Strike][initial reference price] [●] of the respective 
Underlying, expressed as a percentage.] 
[insert alternative calculation of the Performance, where applicable: [●]]] 
[Management Fee 
[●] 
[The Management Fee shall be initially equal to [●] [on the Issue Date] 
●. The Management Fee may be adjusted in the reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the 
Calculation Agent with effect in each case as of ●, but may not exceed 
the Maximum Management Fee. Any such adjustment shall be notified 
at least one (1) month prior to becoming effective pursuant to section 12 
of the General Conditions. 
Maximum Management Fee: ●.] 
[Performance Fee 
[●] 
[The Index Sponsor may receive a Performance Fee, the amount of 
which depends on the performance of the Underlying [compared to the 
highest peak in value that the Underlying has reached 
(watermark)][compared to the highest peak in value that the Underlying

--- Page 112 ---
112/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
has reached in the current year (watermark)][exceeding [●% p.a.] [the 
●] [the performance of ●].] 
[Quanto Interest Rate 
[●] 
[The Quanto Interest Rate will be determined initially on the Fixing Date 
in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to adjust the Quanto Interest Rate on each [Exchange 
Day][•] with effect for the future in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), if there is an 
increase or reduction in the Issuer's costs (or those of its affiliated 
companies) in connection with hedging the currency risks. The initial 
determination and all adjustments shall be notified pursuant to section 
12 of the General Conditions.]] 
[in the event that Conditional Bonus Payments are provided for (section 13 (2) of the General 
Conditions), insert: 
Bonus Payment Type 
Conditional Bonus Payment. The provisions of section 13 (2) of the 
General Conditions shall apply. 
Bonus Event 
A Bonus Event shall occur if 
[the [Reference Price] [Observation Price] of the Underlying is [equal to 
or] higher than the [relevant] Bonus Threshold [(n)] [at least once] on an 
Observation Date [(n)].] 
[insert alternative provision for the occurrence of a Bonus Event, where 
applicable: ●] 
Bonus Threshold [(n)] 
[●] [means the Bonus Threshold (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].] 
Observation Date [(n)] 
[●] [means each Exchange Day beginning from the ● and ending with 
the [Valuation Date][insert different date, where applicable: ●] (inclusive 
in each case)]. 
[If an Observation Date is not an Exchange Day, it shall be postponed 
to [the next following Exchange Day] [insert modified provision, where 
applicable: ●].] 
Bonus Amount [(n)] 
[●] [insert in the case of Conditional Bonus Payments, where applicable: 
means the Bonus Amount (n) allocated to the respective Observation 
Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].] [insert calculation formula, 
where applicable: ; expressed as a formula: •] 
Bonus Payment Date [(n)] 
[●] [insert in the case of Conditional Bonus Payments, where applicable: 
means the Bonus Payment Date (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].]]] 
[in the event that Unconditional Bonus Payments are provided for (section 13 (2) of the General 
Conditions), insert: 
Bonus Payment Type 
Unconditional Bonus Payment. The provisions of section 13 (2) of the 
General Conditions for Unconditional Bonus Payments shall apply. 
Bonus Event 
● 
[Bonus Record Date [(n)] 
[●] [means the Bonus Record Date (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].]

--- Page 113 ---
113/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Bonus Amount [(n)] 
● 
Bonus Payment Date [(n)] 
[●]] 
[in the event that interest is payable (section 13 (3) to (6) of the General Conditions), insert: 
Interest Type 
[Fixed Interest] [Variable Interest] 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Business Day Convention 
[following] [modified following], [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
Interest Calculation Method 
[30/360] [act/360] [act/365] [act/act] 
[for fixed interest, insert: 
Interest Rate 
[●]] 
[for variable interest, insert: 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert name / description / identification: ●] 
Screen Page:  
● 
[Spread 
[●]] 
[Multiplication Factor 
[●]] 
[Floor 
●] 
[Cap 
[●]] 
Interest Determination Date 
shall refer to the [● Business Day preceding the [start] [end]] [first day] 
of the respective Interest Period.]] 
Reference Price 
The Reference Price shall be the relevant rate, price or level of the 
Underlying for the purpose of determining and calculating the 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as the Underlying, 
insert: 
the closing price of the Underlying determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert: 
the closing price of the Underlying determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert: 
[(a) the value of the Underlying determined and published as the closing 
price on the Reference Agent] 
[(a) the price of the Underlying displayed on page [screen page ●] at the 
Valuation Time [and obtainable from there]]

--- Page 114 ---
114/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[, and (b) in the absence of such price display, the arithmetical mean of 
the [bid prices] [offer prices] for the Underlying determined and notified 
at the request of the Calculation Agent by 5 leading market participants 
that are not affiliated companies of the Issuer or of the Calculation 
Agent] 
[, and with the addition of interest accrued on the Underlying (if the 
interest is not included in the price determined)].] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert: 
the price of the Underlying determined by the Reference Agent [at the 
Valuation Time].] [insert specific description of the relevant fixing for the 
commodity: ●].] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, 
insert: 
the settlement price of the Underlying determined and published on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert: 
[the exchange rate determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation 
Time and then published on the Reference Page. If the Base Currency 
of the Underlying (as specified above under "Underlying") is not EUR 
(euros), then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Reference Price 
by dividing the respective exchange rate between EUR and the Strike 
Currency determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation Time by 
the exchange rate between EUR and the Base Currency.]  
[the price of the Underlying on the international interbank market at the 
Valuation Time determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) taking account of the bid and offer prices [in the Reuters Monitor 
Service System] [on the corresponding screen page of the Bloomberg 
financial information service] [screen page ●].]] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert: 
the interest rate [determined by the Reference Agent and] published on 
the Reference Page [at the Valuation Time].] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert: 
the value of the Underlying determined and published by the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert: 
the price of the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) taking account of the prices set 
for the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] on the Reference Agents during 
the Valuation Date.] 
[insert modified provision relating to the determination of the Reference 
Price, where applicable: ●]  
Exchange Day 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as the Underlying, 
insert: 
A day on which trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.]

--- Page 115 ---
115/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which [trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent] [bid and offer prices for the Underlying are set by at least 3 
leading market participants].] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the interbank market for the Underlying is open and on 
which a price for the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, 
insert: 
A day on which trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the value of the Underlying is normally determined by 
the respective Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Reference Agents normally determine a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[insert modified definition of Exchange Day, where applicable: ●] 
Ordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
The Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer pursuant to section 5 of 
the General Conditions shall not apply. 
Extraordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
Applicable ([excluding][including] Hedging Disruption Events) 
Partial Redemption 
[Applicable. The provisions of section 13 (1) of the General Conditions 
shall apply.][Not applicable.] 
[in case of a Partial Redemption and virtual currencies as the Underyling, insert: 
Partial Redemption Cut-off 
Date 
[corresponds to the [third Friday] [●] in June and December] [If the 
Partial Redemption Cut-off Date is not a day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Cut-
off Date is postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] 
[insert modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption Date 
[[5] [●] Exchange Days after the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [If the 
Partial Redemption Date is not a day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Date will 
be postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] [insert 
modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption 
Amount 
[If on the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] the Reference Price on 
the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date exceeds the Reference Price on 
the immediately preceding [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by 
more than [insert threshold]% (threshold), the Security Holder will 
receive on the Partial Repayment Date an amount equal to the 
difference between the reference price on the Partial Repayment Date

--- Page 116 ---
116/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
and the reference price on the immediately preceding [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●], in each case multiplied by the Ratio valid 
on the respective [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●]. In addition, a 
new Ratio which will be valid after the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] 
[●] is calculated by multiplying the Ratio valid on this [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by [insert result of the sum of 1 and 
threshold] [●].] [The Partial Repayment Amount cannot be greater than 
the Reference Price multiplied by the Ratio. A mathematically negative 
value leads to a Partial Repayment Amount of zero (0).] [insert modified 
definition, where applicable: ●]] 
Currency Conversion 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is not provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency in accordance with the Conversion Rate. 
"Conversion Rate" means 
[the relevant conversion rate as determined for the Valuation Date by 
Bloomberg L.P. at around 2:00 p.m. (local time in Frankfurt am Main) 
and published on the web page 
http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fx-fixings.] 
[the respective interbank conversion rate between the currency of the 
Basket Constituent and the Currency of the Underlying or the 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) at the time of determination of the Reference 
Price of a Basket Constituent.] 
[insert different definition of the conversion rate, where applicable: ●] 
[insert additionally, where applicable: If such conversion rate is not 
determined or published or if the method of calculation of such 
conversion rate is materially modified or the normal publication time is 
changed by more than 30 minutes, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Conversion Rate applicable on the Valuation Date at the 
time of determination of the Reference Price in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB).]] 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency. The conversion shall use a Conversion 
Rate of 1:1, i.e. one unit of the [Currency of the Underlying][currency of 
a Basket Constituent] shall correspond to one unit of the Settlement 
Currency of the Security ("Quanto Structure").] 
Registry Type 
[German Global Certificates] 
[Swiss Uncertified Securities] 
[Italian Uncertificated Certificates] 
[Danish Uncertificated Securities] 
[Dutch Uncertificated Securities] 
[Finnish Registered Securities] 
[French Dematerialized Bearer Securities] 
[Norwegian Registered Securities] 
[Swedish Registered Securities] 
Guarantor 
Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich (the Guarantor)

--- Page 117 ---
117/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Applicable Adjustment and 
Market Disruption 
Provisions  
The rules for Adjustments and Market Disruption Events specified in 
section 6 and section 7 of the General Conditions for [shares, securities 
representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) and other dividend-bearing 
securities][,] [and] [indices][,] [and] [bonds][,] [and] [commodities][,] [and] 
[futures or interest rate futures][,] [and] [exchange rates][,] [and] [interest 
rates][,] [and] [investment units] [and] [virtual currencies] shall apply to 
this Security. 
Securities with triparty 
collateral management 
(TCM) 
[The Securities will not be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 
of the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall not be applicable.] 
[The Securities will be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 of 
the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall be applicable.]

--- Page 118 ---
118/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
7.2.2 Product Conditions for Open-End Tracker Certificates (Product No. 2) 
 [ 
Type of Security 
Open-End Tracker Certificates [Quanto] [with Coupon] [with conditional 
Bonus Payment] [with triparty collateral management (TCM)] 
Settlement Currency 
of the Securities shall be ●. [All references to ● should be understood as 
references to [insert details of the Currency: ●].] 
Offer Size [(up to)] 
● [in the case of an increase of issue, additionally:, which shall be consoli-
dated with the outstanding 
Securities (ISIN ● / WKN ● / Valor ●) issued on [insert issue date of the 
Original Securities: ●] [(and increased on [list earlier increases of issue, 
where applicable: ●])] and form a single issue within the meaning of sec-
tion 14 of the General Conditions (corresponding to a total offer size of 
●).] 
Issue Date 
● 
Fixing Date 
● 
Valuation Date 
shall mean 
(a) in each case in the event of effective exercise by the Security 
Holder, an Exercise Date on which the Security Right is exer-
cised effectively by the Security Holder in accordance with sec-
tion 4 of the General Conditions; 
(b) in the event of Ordinary Termination by the Issuer pursuant to sec-
tion 5 of the General Conditions, the Ordinary Termination Date in 
accordance with section 5 (2) of the General Conditions. 
[If (i) the Valuation Date is not an Exchange Day or (ii) in the event of ex-
ercise by the Security Holder, the Exercise Notice is not received by the 
Exercise Agent until after the Reference Price has been determined by 
the Reference Agent on the Valuation Date, then the Valuation Date shall 
be postponed to the next following Exchange Day] [insert modified provi-
sion, where applicable: ●]. 
[insert only in case of Italian Uncertificated Certificates: 
Expiry Date (Data di 
Scadenza)  
[shall mean the Valuation Date.] [[●] Business Days following the 
Valuation Date.] [●]] 
Maturity Date 
[●] [means the fifth Business Day after the Valuation Date.] 
Term 
The Term of the Securities shall begin on the Issue Date and, subject to 
ordinary or extraordinary termination by the Issuer [Securities with 
triparty collateral management (TCM): and subject to the occurrence of a 
Liquidation Event pursuant to section 15 of the General Conditions], 
shall be indefinite (open-end). 
Product Features 
means the Underlying[,] [the Strike and the Initial Price of the 
Underlying][[,] [and] the Ratio] [,] [and] [the Bonus Threshold] [[,] [and] the 
Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto Interest 
Rate]. 
Underlying 
[insert description of the Underlying: ●] 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs), other dividend-bearing securities and indices as the 
Underlying, insert:

--- Page 119 ---
119/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of proprietary Vontobel Strategy Indices as the Underlying, 
insert additionally: 
Index Sponsor:  
●] 
Index Calculation Agent:  [Bank Vontobel AG, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 
Zurich, Switzerland] [●] [(also Reference Agent 
in addition)].] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one index point 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Underlying.] 
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying:  
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Unit of measurement: 
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Derivatives Exchange: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●] 
[In the case of interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one percentage point in 
the pricing of the Underlying by the Reference Agent corresponds to one 
unit of the Currency of the Underlying.]] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol:  
●] 
[Base Currency / Strike Currency: 
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●]

--- Page 120 ---
120/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.]] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol: 
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[Valuation Time: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] symbol: 
●] 
[Reference Agent: 
●] 
[Currency: 
●]] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert:  
[ISIN Underlying: 
●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] Symbol:  
●] 
[Base Currency / Strike Currency: 
●] 
[Reference Agents: 
●] 
[Reference Page: 
●] 
[The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.]] 
[All references to ● should be understood as references to [insert details 
of the Currency: ●].] 
[Initial Reference Price  
●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as 
the Underlying, insert 
additionally where 
applicable: 
Underlying on the Issue 
Date 
[●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] Symbol: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as 
the Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Current Underlying 
[On each Rollover Date a Rollover procedure shall be carried out whereby 
the Issuer replaces the respective Current Underlying with another 
Underlying (future) which, except for the expiry date which is further in the 
future, has the same or comparable contract specifications. 
The "Current Underlying" from the Issue Date until the first Rollover 
Date means the "Underlying on the Issue Date", as specified above. On 
the first Rollover Date this Underlying shall lose its validity and shall be 
replaced by the Underlying falling due on the Reference Agent in the next 
following Rollover Month. On each subsequent Rollover Date, the Current 
Underlying shall be replaced analogously by the underlying contract 
falling due on the Reference Agent in the next following Rollover Month.]  
[The above described replacement is subject to the condition, that the 
Rollover Reference Price of the Underlying falling due on the Reference

--- Page 121 ---
121/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Agent in the next following Rollover Month is positive on the Rollover 
Date.  
If the Rollover Reference Price of such Underlying is zero (0) or negative 
on the Rollover Date, the Current Underlying shall be replaced 
analogously by the underlying contract falling due on the Reference Agent 
in the next following Rollover Month at the Reference Agent that has a 
positive Rollover Reference Price on the Rollover Date.]] 
[In the case that no following underlying contract exists for which the 
Rollover Reference Price of the Underlying is positive [or that the Rollover 
Reference Price of any of the following underlying contracts is lower than 
the Rollover Reference Price for the Current Underlying before Rollover 
on the Rollover Date minus the Strike on the Rollover Date], the Issuer is 
entitled to terminate the Securities extraordinarily [(in accordance with § 6 
paragraph 3 of the General Conditions)].] 
[insert modified provision relating to the Rollover, where applicable: ●]] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as 
the Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Date] 
[shall be determined in each case by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion [for Securities subject to German law (sections 
315, 317 BGB)] and shall fall within a period of ten trading days prior to 
the last trading day of the Current Underlying on the Reference Agent. 
[In the event that the first notice day of the Current Underlying is before 
its last trading day, the period for the Rollover Date shall begin ten 
trading days prior to the first notice day and shall end with the last 
trading day of the Current Underlying.]] [insert alternative definition of a 
Rollover Date: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as 
the Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Month(s) 
 
 
 
means [insert corresponding contract months: ●] [each contract month 
defined in relation to the Underlying on the Reference Agent]. 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Reference Price 
The Rollover Reference Price is determined on each Rollover Date by 
the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the basis of the 
prices of the Current Underlying traded and published at the Reference 
Agent within one hour before and including the time when the official 
settlement price is determined by the latter.] 
[Initial Price of the 
Underlying 
●] 
[Strike 
●] 
[Ratio 
● [in the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert 
additionally where applicable: On each Rollover Date the current Ratio 
shall be adjusted in accordance with the following formula: [insert 
calculation method: ●.]] 
Redemption Style  
Payment (Cash Settlement) 
Cash Amount 
The Cash Amount (section 3 of the General Conditions) shall be 
calculated 
[from the Reference Price of the Underlying on the Valuation Date [in the 
case of a Ratio expressed as a fraction, insert: divided by the] [in the case 
of a Ratio expressed as a number, insert: multiplied by the] [(current)]

--- Page 122 ---
122/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Ratio[, less the Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and the 
Quanto Interest Rate].] 
[from the Strike multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio and] the Performance 
of the Underlying.] 
[from the Initial Price of the Underlying multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio 
and] the Performance of the Underlying.] 
[insert additionally formula for the calculation of the Cash Amount, where 
applicable: ●] 
The Cash Amount cannot be negative. A calculated value that is negative 
results in a Cash Amount of zero. 
[If the Currency of the Underlying [or of the Basket Constituents] is 
different from the Settlement Currency of the Securities, the Cash Amount 
shall be converted into the Settlement Currency of the Securities in 
accordance with the relevant Conversion Rate.] 
[Performance 
[The Performance on the Valuation Date corresponds to the Performance 
of the Underlying [adjusted for the Management Fee [,] [and] the 
Performance Fee] [and the Quanto Interest Rate]], and shall be calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
∏






⋅
−
=
−
t
t
t
t
d
Fee
B
B
e
Performanc
360
1
 
where: 
t is the number of [Exchange Days][insert alternative relevant days, where 
applicable: •] that have elapsed since the Issue Date; 
Bt is the Reference Price of the Underlying on [Exchange Day][•] t; 
B0 is the Initial Price of the Underlying; 
Fee is the [Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t] [total of 
the Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t [,] [and] the 
Performance Fee] and of the applicable Quanto Interest Rate]; 
dt is the number of calendar days between [Exchange Days][•] t-1 and t.] 
[of the respective Underlying shall correspond to the quotient of (i) the 
Reference Price of the respective Underlying on the [Valuation Date][●] 
and (ii) the [Strike][initial reference price] [●] of the respective Underlying, 
expressed as a percentage.] 
[insert alternative calculation of the Performance, where applicable: [●]]] 
[Management Fee 
[●] 
[The Management Fee shall be initially equal to [●] [on the Issue Date] ●. 
The Management Fee may be adjusted in the reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the 
Calculation Agent with effect in each case as of ●, but may not exceed 
the Maximum Management Fee. Any such adjustment shall be notified at 
least one (1) month prior to becoming effective pursuant to section 12 of 
the General Conditions. 
Maximum Management Fee: ●.] 
[Performance Fee 
[●] 
[The Index Sponsor may receive a Performance Fee, the amount of which 
depends on the performance of the Underlying [compared to the highest 
peak in value that the Underlying has reached (watermark)][compared to

--- Page 123 ---
123/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
the highest peak in value that the Underlying has reached in the current 
year (watermark)][exceeding [●% p.a.] [the ●] [the performance of ●].] 
[Quanto Interest Rate 
[●] 
[The Quanto Interest Rate will be determined initially on the Fixing Date in 
the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 
315, 317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent shall be 
entitled to adjust the Quanto Interest Rate on each [Exchange Day][•] with 
effect for the future in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), if there is an increase or reduction 
in the Issuer's costs (or those of its affiliated companies) in connection 
with hedging the currency risks. The initial determination and all 
adjustments shall be notified pursuant to section 12 of the General 
Conditions.]] 
[in the event that Conditional Bonus Payments are provided for (section 13 (2) of the General 
Conditions), insert: 
Bonus Payment Type 
Conditional Bonus Payment. The provisions of section 13 (2) of the 
General Conditions shall apply. 
Bonus Event 
A Bonus Event shall occur if 
[the [Reference Price] [Observation Price] of the Underlying is [equal to 
or] higher than the [relevant] Bonus Threshold [(n)] [at least once] on an 
Observation Date [(n)].] 
[insert alternative provision for the occurrence of a Bonus Event, where 
applicable: ●] 
Bonus Threshold [(n)] 
[●] [means the Bonus Threshold (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].] 
Observation Date [(n)] 
[●] [means each Exchange Day beginning from the ● and ending with 
the [Valuation Date][insert different date, where applicable: ●] (inclusive 
in each case)]. 
[If an Observation Date is not an Exchange Day, it shall be postponed 
to [the next following Exchange Day] [insert modified provision, where 
applicable: ●].] 
Bonus Amount [(n)] 
[●] [insert in the case of Conditional Bonus Payments, where applicable: 
means the Bonus Amount (n) allocated to the respective Observation 
Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].] [insert calculation formula, 
where applicable: ; expressed as a formula: •] 
Bonus Payment Date [(n)] 
[●] [insert in the case of Conditional Bonus Payments, where applicable: 
means the Bonus Payment Date (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].]]] 
[in the event that Unconditional Bonus Payments are provided for (section 13 (2) of the General 
Conditions), insert: 
Bonus Payment Type 
Unconditional Bonus Payment. The provisions of section 13 (2) of the 
General Conditions for Unconditional Bonus Payments shall apply. 
Bonus Event 
● 
[Bonus Record Date [(n)] 
[●] [means the Bonus Record Date (n) allocated to the respective 
Observation Date (n), as listed below: [insert table].]

--- Page 124 ---
124/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Bonus Amount [(n)] 
● 
Bonus Payment Date [(n)] 
[●]] 
[in the event that interest is payable (section 13 (3) to (6) of the General Conditions), insert: 
Interest Type 
[Fixed Interest] [Variable Interest] 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Business Day Convention 
[following] [modified following], [adjusted] [unadjusted] 
Interest Calculation Method 
[30/360] [act/360] [act/365] [act/act] 
[for fixed interest, insert: 
Interest Rate 
[●]] 
[for variable interest, insert: 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert name / description / identification: ●] 
Screen Page:  
● 
[Spread 
[●]] 
[Multiplication Factor 
[●]] 
[Floor 
●] 
[Cap 
[●]] 
Interest Determination Date 
shall refer to the [● Business Day preceding the [start] [end]] [first day] 
of the respective Interest Period.]] 
Reference Price 
The Reference Price shall be the relevant rate, price or level of the 
Underlying for the purpose of determining and calculating the 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as the Underlying, 
insert: 
the closing price of the Underlying determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert: 
the closing price of the Underlying determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert: 
[(a) the value of the Underlying determined and published as the closing 
price on the Reference Agent] 
[(a) the price of the Underlying displayed on page [screen page ●] at the 
Valuation Time and obtainable from there]]

--- Page 125 ---
125/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[, and (b) in the absence of such price display, the arithmetical mean of 
the [bid prices] [offer prices] for the Underlying determined and notified 
at the request of the Calculation Agent by 5 leading market participants 
that are not affiliated companies of the Issuer or of the Calculation 
Agent] 
[, and with the addition of interest accrued on the Underlying (if the 
interest is not included in the price determined)].] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert: 
the price of the Underlying determined by the Reference Agent [at the 
Valuation Time].] [insert specific description of the relevant fixing for the 
commodity: ●].] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert: 
the settlement price of the Underlying determined and published on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert: 
[the exchange rate determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation 
Time and then published on the Reference Page. If the Base Currency 
of the Underlying (as specified above under "Underlying") is not EUR 
(euros), then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Reference Price 
by dividing the respective exchange rate between EUR and the Strike 
Currency determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation Time by 
the exchange rate between EUR and the Base Currency.]  
[the price of the Underlying on the international interbank market at the 
Valuation Time determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) 
taking account of the bid and offer prices [in the Reuters Monitor Service 
System] [on the corresponding screen page of the Bloomberg financial 
information service] [screen page ●].]] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert: 
the interest rate [determined by the Reference Agent and] published on 
the Reference Page [at the Valuation Time].] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert: 
the value of the Underlying determined and published by the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert: 
the price of the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) taking account of the prices set for 
the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] on the Reference Agents during the 
Valuation Date.] 
[insert modified provision relating to the determination of the Reference 
Price, where applicable: ●] 
Exchange Day 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.]  
[In the case of bonds as the Underlying, insert:

--- Page 126 ---
126/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
A day on which [trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent] [bid and offer prices for the Underlying are set by at least 3 leading 
market participants].] 
[In the case of commodities as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the interbank market for the Underlying is open and on 
which a price for the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which trading in the Underlying takes place on the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[In the case of interest rates as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[In the case of investment units as the Underlying, insert: 
A day on which the value of the Underlying is normally determined by the 
respective Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Reference Agents normally determine a price for the 
Underlying.] 
[insert modified definition of Exchange Day, where applicable: ●] 
Exercise Right of the 
Security Holder 
The Exercise Right of the Security Holder shall apply. The Security Holder 
may redeem the Securities from the First Exercise Date onward in 
accordance with section 4 of the General Conditions in conjunction with 
the Product Conditions. 
The exercise of the Security Right shall give the Security Holder the right 
to the payment of the Cash Amount by the Issuer. 
Exercise Agent 
means [Bank Vontobel AG, Corporate Actions, Gotthardstrasse 43, 8002 
Zurich, Switzerland] [●] 
Telephone: [+41 (0)58 283 74 69] [●] 
Fax: [+41 (0)58 283 51 60] [●] 
Exercise Record Date 
means the [fifth (5th)][●] Business Day prior to the respective Exercise 
Date. 
First Exercise Date 
● 
Exercise Date 
Each [●] from the First Exercise Date onward shall be an Exercise Date. 
Minimum Exercise Number 
● 
Ordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
The Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer pursuant to section 5 of 
the General Conditions shall apply. 
Extraordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
Applicable ([excluding][including] Hedging Disruption Events) 
First Termination Date 
●

--- Page 127 ---
127/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Termination Dates 
Each [●] from the First Termination Date onward shall be a Termination 
Date. 
Termination Record Date 
shall be [one (1)] [five (5)] [●] [calendar month[s]] [Business Day[s]] [●] 
prior to the relevant Termination Date. 
Partial Redemption 
[Applicable. The provisions of section 13 (1) of the General Conditions 
shall apply.][Not applicable.] 
[in case of a Partial Redemption and virtual currencies as the Underyling, insert: 
Partial Redemption Cut-off 
Date 
[corresponds to the [third Friday] [●] in June and December] [If the 
Partial Redemption Cut-off Date is not a day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Cut-
off Date is postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] 
[insert modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption Date 
[[5] [●] Exchange Days after the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [If the 
Partial Redemption Date is not a day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Date will 
be postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] [insert 
modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption 
Amount 
[If on the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] the Reference Price on 
the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date exceeds the Reference Price on 
the immediately preceding [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by 
more than [insert threshold]% (threshold), the Security Holder will 
receive on the Partial Repayment Date an amount equal to the 
difference between the reference price on the Partial Repayment Date 
and the reference price on the immediately preceding [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●], in each case multiplied by the Ratio valid 
on the respective [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●]. In addition, a 
new Ratio which will be valid after the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] 
[●] is calculated by multiplying the Ratio valid on this [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by [insert result of the sum of 1 and 
threshold] [●].] [The Partial Repayment Amount cannot be greater than 
the Reference Price multiplied by the Ratio. A mathematically negative 
value leads to a Partial Repayment Amount of zero (0).] [insert modified 
definition, where applicable: ●]] 
Currency Conversion 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is not provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency in accordance with the Conversion Rate. 
"Conversion Rate" means 
[the relevant conversion rate as determined for the Valuation Date by 
Bloomberg L.P. at around 2:00 p.m. (local time in Frankfurt am Main) and 
published on the web page 
http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fx-fixings. ] 
[the respective interbank conversion rate between the currency of the 
Basket Constituent and the Currency of the Underlying or the Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) at the time of determination of the Reference Price of a Basket 
Constituent.] 
[insert different definition of the Conversion Rate, where applicable: ●] 
[insert additionally, where applicable: If such conversion rate is not 
determined or published or if the method of calculation of such conversion 
rate is materially modified or the normal publication time is changed by

--- Page 128 ---
128/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
more than 30 minutes, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Conversion Rate applicable on the Valuation Date at the time of 
determination of the Reference Price in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB).] 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency. The conversion shall use a Conversion 
Rate of 1:1, i.e. one unit of the [Currency of the Underlying][currency of 
the Basket Constituent] shall correspond to one unit of the Settlement 
Currency of the Security ("Quanto Structure").] 
Registry Type 
[German Global Certificates] 
[Swiss Uncertified Securities] 
[Italian Uncertificated Certificates] 
[Danish Uncertificated Securities] 
[Dutch Uncertificated Securities] 
[Finnish Registered Securities] 
[French Dematerialized Bearer Securities] 
[Norwegian Registered Securities] 
[Swedish Registered Securities] 
Guarantor 
Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich (the Guarantor) 
Applicable Adjustment and 
Market Disruption 
Provisions  
The rules for Adjustments and Market Disruption Events specified in 
section 6 and section 7 of the General Conditions for [shares, securities 
representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) and other dividend-bearing 
securities][,] [and] [indices][,] [and] [bonds][,] [and] [commodities][,] [and] 
[futures or interest rate futures][,] [and] [exchange rates][,] [and] [interest 
rates][,] [and] [investment units] [and] [virtual currencies] shall apply to this 
Security. 
Securities with triparty 
collateral management 
(TCM) 
[The Securities will not be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 
of the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall not be applicable.] 
[The Securities will be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 of 
the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral management 
(TCM) shall be applicable.] 
]

--- Page 129 ---
129/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
7.2.3 Product Conditions for Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 3) 
 [ 
Type of Security 
Tracker Certificates [Quanto] [with triparty collateral management 
(TCM)] 
Settlement Currency 
of the Securities shall be ●. [All references to ● should be understood as 
references to [insert details of the Currency: ●].] 
Offer Size [(up to)] 
● [in the case of an increase of issue, additionally:, which shall be con-
solidated with the outstanding 
Securities (ISIN ● / WKN ● / Valor ●) issued on [insert issue date of the 
Original Securities: ●] [(and increased on [list earlier increases of issue, 
where applicable: ●])] and form a single issue within the meaning of sec-
tion 14 of the General Conditions (corresponding to a total offer size of 
●).] 
Issue Date 
● 
Fixing Date 
● 
Valuation Date 
●If the Valuation Date is not an Exchange Day, it shall be postponed 
[with respect to the Basket Constituent concerned] to [the next following 
Exchange Day] [insert modified provision, where applicable: ●].] 
[insert only in case of Italian Uncertificated Certificates: 
Expiry Date (Data di 
Scadenza)  
[shall mean the Valuation Date.] [[●] Business Days following the 
Valuation Date.] [●]] 
Maturity Date 
● 
Term 
The Term of the Securities shall begin on the Issue Date (inclusive) and 
shall end – subject to extraordinary termination by the Issuer pursuant to 
section 6 of the General Conditions [Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM): and subject to the occurrence of a Liquidation 
Event pursuant to section 15 of the General Conditions] – on the 
Valuation Date. 
Product Features 
means the Underlying[,] [the Strike [and the Initial Price of the 
Underlying]][[,] [and] the Ratio][[,] [and] the Management Fee] [,] [and] 
the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto Interest Rate]. 
Underlying 
[insert description of the Underlying (basket): ●] 
[In the case of Dynamic Baskets as the Underlying, insert details of the 
dynamic selection method and of the Underlyings: The [insert name of 
the Dynamic Basket as the Underlying] is a proprietary basket (Dynamic 
Basket), whose Basket Constituents are selected in accordance with a 
dynamic selection method. The selection method and the Basket 
Constituents are set out in chapter II. of the Final Terms "Information 
about the Underlying". 
Reference Agent:  
● 
[Currency:  
●]] 
[In the case of baskets (other than Dynamic Baskets) as the 
Underlying, insert the following defined terms next to each other and 
specify them for the Basket Constituent: The Underlying (basket) is 
composed of the following Basket Constituents:

--- Page 130 ---
130/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[Basket Constituent] [If the basket 
consists of only one type of financial 
instrument, insert the exact 
description (e.g. "share")] 
[●1]) 
Weightin
g 
Number 
[*] 
●2) 
[●2]) 
●2 
●2) 
[* The number ("Number") shall be [determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Fixing Date for each Basket Constituent taking into account the 
Weighting of the respective Basket Constituents and based on an Initial 
Price of the Underlying of [insert currency of the Securities and amount: 
●] and the Reference Prices of the respective Basket Constituents on 
the Fixing Date, expressed as a formula: Number = Weighting x Initial 
Price of the Underlying / Reference Price of the Basket Constituent] 
[insert alternative provision for the determination of the Number, where 
applicable: ●]] 
[1) In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs), other dividend-bearing securities and indices as a Basket 
Constituent, insert the following defined terms and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, 
[Reference Agent,] [Index Sponsor,] [Index Calculation Agent,] 
[Derivatives Exchange,] Currency] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one index point 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert the following 
defined terms next to each other and specify them for the Basket 
Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, Reference Agent, 
[Derivatives Exchange,] Valuation Time, Currency] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, Unit of 
Measurement, Reference Agent, [Valuation Time,] Currency] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket Constituent, 
insert the following defined terms next to each other and specify them for 
the Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, 
Reference Agent, [Derivatives Exchange,] Currency] 
[In the case of interest rate futures as a Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one percentage point in 
the pricing of the Basket Constituent by the Reference Agent 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, Base 
Currency / Strike Currency, Reference Agent, Reference Page, 
Valuation Time [The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the 
Strike Currency.]] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, 
[Reference Agent,] [Reference Page,] [Valuation Time,] Currency] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol, Reference 
Agent, Currency]

--- Page 131 ---
131/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: [ISIN Underlying,] [[Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol,] Base 
Currency / Strike Currency, Reference Agents, [Reference Page] [The 
"Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.] 
[All references to ● should be understood as references to [insert details 
of the Currency: ●].]] 
2) This option may be used multiple times in accordance with the number 
of Basket Constituents. 
[Currency of the Underlying 
●] 
[Initial Reference Price  
●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally where 
applicable:  
Underlying on the Issue 
Date 
 
[●] 
[[Bloomberg][ ●] Symbol: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
Current Underlying 
[On each Rollover Date a Rollover procedure shall be carried out 
whereby the Issuer replaces the respective Current Underlying with 
another Underlying (future) which, except for the expiry date which is 
further in the future, has the same or comparable contract 
specifications. 
The "Current Underlying" from the Issue Date until the first Rollover 
Date means the "Underlying on the Issue Date", as specified above. 
On the first Rollover Date this Underlying shall lose its validity and shall 
be replaced by the Underlying falling due on the Reference Agent in the 
next following Rollover Month. On each subsequent Rollover Date, the 
Current Underlying shall be replaced analogously by the underlying 
contract falling due on the Reference Agent in the next following 
Rollover Month.] [insert modified provision relating to the Rollover, 
where applicable: ●]] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Date] 
[shall be determined in each case by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion [for Securities subject to German law (sections 
315, 317 BGB)] and shall fall within a period of ten trading days prior to 
the last trading day of the Current Underlying on the Reference Agent. 
[In the event that the first notice day of the Current Underlying is before 
its last trading day, the period for the Rollover Date shall begin ten 
trading days prior to the first notice day and shall end with the last 
trading day of the Current Underlying.]] [insert alternative definition of a 
Rollover Date: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Month(s) 
 
 
 
means [insert corresponding contract months: ●] [each contract month 
defined in relation to the Underlying on the Reference Agent]. 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
The Rollover Reference Price is determined on each Rollover Date by 
the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the basis of the 
prices of the Current Underlying traded and published at the Reference

--- Page 132 ---
132/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Rollover Reference Price 
Agent within one hour before and including the time when the official 
settlement price is determined by the latter.] 
[Initial Price of the 
Underlying 
[means the initial value of the Underlying (basket) on the Fixing Date 
and shall be equal to] ●.] 
[Strike 
●] 
[Ratio 
[●] [will not be specified until the Fixing Date and corresponds to the 
exchange rate between the Settlement Currency and the Currency of 
the Underlying (●/●) on the Fixing Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) on the basis of the interbank 
conversion rates on the Fixing Date.] [insert modified provision relating 
to the determination of the Ratio: ●]] 
Redemption Style  
Payment (Cash Settlement) 
Cash Amount 
The Cash Amount (section 3 of the General Conditions) shall be 
calculated 
[from the total of the Reference Prices of the Basket Constituents on the 
Valuation Date, multiplied in each case by the corresponding Number of 
the Basket Constituents in the basket, all [in the case of a Ratio 
expressed as a fraction, insert: divided by the] [in the case of a Ratio 
expressed as a number, insert: multiplied by the] [(current)] Ratio[, less 
the Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto 
Interest Rate] [plus any cash component].] 
[from the Strike multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio and] [the Performance 
of the Underlying] [the average Performance of the Basket Constituents] 
[plus any cash component].] 
[from the Initial Price of the Underlying multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio 
and] [the Performance of the Underlying] [the average Performance of 
the Basket Constituents] [plus any cash component].] 
[In the case of proprietary baskets as the Underlying, insert: from the 
Reference Price determined and published by the Calculation Agent on 
the Valuation Date [multiplied by the][divided by the] Ratio].] 
[insert additionally formula for the calculation of the Cash Amount, 
where applicable: ●] 
The Cash Amount cannot be negative. A calculated value that is 
negative results in a Cash Amount of zero. 
[If the Currency of the Underlying or of the Basket Constituents is 
different from the Settlement Currency of the Securities, the Cash 
Amount shall be converted into the Settlement Currency of the 
Securities in accordance with the relevant Conversion Rate.] 
[Performance 
[The Performance on the Valuation Date corresponds to the 
Performance [of the Underlying] [of the respective Basket Constituent] 
[adjusted for the Management Fee [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and 
the Quanto Interest Rate]], and shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∏






⋅
−
=
−
t
t
t
t
d
Fee
B
B
e
Performanc
360
1
 
where: 
t is the number of [Exchange Days][insert alternative relevant days, 
where applicable: •] that have elapsed since the Issue Date;

--- Page 133 ---
133/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Bt is [the total of the Reference Prices of the Basket Constituents on 
[Exchange Day][•] t, in each case] [the Reference Price of the respective 
Basket Constituent on [Exchange Day][•] t] multiplied by the 
corresponding Number of the Basket Constituent in the basket; 
B0 is the Initial Price of the Underlying; 
Fee is the [Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t] [total of 
the Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t [,] [and] the 
Performance Fee] and of the applicable Quanto Interest Rate]; 
dt is the number of calendar days between [Exchange Days][•] t-1 and 
t.] 
[of the respective Underlying shall correspond to the quotient of (i) the 
Reference Price of the respective Underlying on the [Valuation Date][ ●] 
and (ii) the [Strike][initial reference price] [●] of the respective 
Underlying, expressed as a percentage.] 
[insert alternative calculation of the Performance, where applicable: [●]]]  
[Management Fee 
[●] 
[The Management Fee shall be initially equal to [●] [on the Issue Date] 
●. The Management Fee may be adjusted in the reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the 
Calculation Agent with effect in each case as of ●, but may not exceed 
the Maximum Management Fee. Any such adjustment shall be notified 
at least one (1) month prior to becoming effective pursuant to section 12 
of the General Conditions. 
Maximum Management Fee: ●.] 
[Performance Fee 
[●] 
[The Index Sponsor may receive a Performance Fee, the amount of 
which depends on the performance of the Underlying [compared to the 
highest peak in value that the Underlying has reached 
(watermark)][compared to the highest peak in value that the Underlying 
has reached in the current year (watermark)][exceeding [●% p.a.] [the ●] 
[the performance of ●].] 
[Quanto Interest Rate 
[●] 
[The Quanto Interest Rate will be determined initially on the Fixing Date 
in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, 
sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to adjust the Quanto Interest Rate on each [Exchange 
Day][•] with effect for the future in its reasonable discretion (for 
Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), if there is an 
increase or reduction in the Issuer's costs (or those of its affiliated 
companies) in connection with hedging the currency risks. The initial 
determination and all adjustments shall be notified pursuant to section 
12 of the General Conditions.]] 
Reference Price 
[For Reference Prices in the case of Dynamic Baskets, insert: 
The Reference Price shall be the relevant price or level of the 
Underlying for the purpose of determining and calculating the 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means the Valuation Price of the Underlying 
determined and published by the Reference Agent. 
The Valuation Price of the Underlying [●] [is equal in principle to the total 
of the closing prices of the Basket Constituents on the respective 
exchanges determined by the Reference Agent on the relevant

--- Page 134 ---
134/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Valuation Date, taking into account their prospective weightings in the 
basket, converted where applicable into the Reference Currency.] 
[However, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled, in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB), to specify a different Valuation Price of the Underlying if and to 
the extent that the closing price of a Basket Constituent determined by 
the Reference Agent does not adequately reflect the market price of the 
respective Basket Constituent on that Exchange Day, taking account in 
particular of the actual transactions in the Basket Constituent on the 
Reference Agent on that Exchange Day, in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent (for Securities subject to German law, section 315 
BGB).]]] 
[For Reference Prices except in the case of Dynamic Baskets, insert: 
The Reference Price shall be the relevant rate, price or level of a Basket 
Constituent for the purpose of determining and calculating the 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means  
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
[the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and published 
by the Reference Agent.] 
[generally the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and 
published by the Reference Agent. However, the Calculation Agent shall 
be entitled, in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German 
law, sections 315, 317 BGB), to specify a different Reference Price if 
and to the extent that the closing price of the Basket Constituent 
determined by the Reference Agent does not adequately reflect the 
market price of the respective Basket Constituent on that Exchange 
Day, taking account in particular of the actual transactions in the Basket 
Constituent on the Reference Agent on that Exchange Day, in the sole 
discretion of the Calculation Agent (for Securities subject to German 
law, section 315 BGB).]] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and published by 
the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
[(a) the value of the Basket Constituent determined and published as 
the closing price on the Reference Agent] 
[(a) the price of the Basket Constituent displayed on page [screen page 
●] at the Valuation Time [and obtainable from there]] 
[, and (b) in the absence of such price display, the arithmetical mean of 
the [bid prices] [offer prices] for the Basket Constituent determined and 
notified at the request of the Calculation Agent by 5 leading market 
participants that are not affiliated companies of the Issuer or of the 
Calculation Agent] 
[, and with the addition of interest accrued on the Basket Constituent (if 
the interest is not included in the price determined)].] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the price of the Basket Constituent determined by the Reference Agent 
[at the Valuation Time].] [insert specific description of the relevant fixing 
for the commodity: ●].]

--- Page 135 ---
135/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket Constituent, 
insert: 
the settlement price of the Basket Constituent determined and published 
on the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
[the exchange rate determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation 
Time and then published on the Reference Page. If the Base Currency 
of the Underlying (as specified above under "Underlying") is not EUR 
(euros), then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Reference Price 
by dividing the respective exchange rate between EUR and the Strike 
Currency determined by the Reference Agent at the Valuation Time by 
the exchange rate between EUR and the Base Currency.]  
[the price of the Underlying on the international interbank market at the 
Valuation Time determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) 
taking account of the bid and offer prices [in the Reuters Monitor Service 
System] [on the corresponding screen page of the [Bloomberg][ ●] 
financial information service] [screen page ●].]] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the interest rate [determined by the Reference Agent and] published on 
the Reference Page [at the Valuation Time].] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the value of the Basket Constituent determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the price of the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) taking account of the prices set for 
the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] on the Reference Agents during the 
Valuation Date.] 
[insert modified provision relating to the determination of the Reference 
Price, where applicable: ●] 
Exchange Day 
[In the case of Dynamic Baskets as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
A day on which trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert:  
A day on which the Basket Constituent is calculated by the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which [trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent] [bid and offer prices for the Basket Constituent are set 
by at least 3 leading market participants].] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the interbank market for the Basket Constituent is open 
and on which a price for the Basket Constituent is calculated by the 
Reference Agent.]

--- Page 136 ---
136/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket Constituent, 
insert: 
A day on which trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the value of the Basket Constituent is normally 
determined by the respective Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert:  
A day on which the Reference Agents normally determine a price for the 
Basket Constituent.] 
[insert modified definition of Exchange Day, where applicable: ●] 
Cash Distributions 
[Not applicable.][Retention of income (reinvestment) pursuant to section 
6a of the General Conditions shall apply.][Retention of income (cash 
component) pursuant to section 6a of the General Conditions shall 
apply.] [The adjustment shall take place [3][ ●] Exchange Days after the 
relevant amount is credited.] 
Ordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
The Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer pursuant to section 5 of 
the General Conditions shall not apply. 
Extraordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
Applicable ([excluding][including] Hedging Disruption Events) 
Partial Redemption 
[Applicable. The provisions of section 13 (1) of the General Conditions 
shall apply.][Not applicable.] 
[in case of a Partial Redemption and virtual currencies as the Underyling, insert: 
Partial Redemption Cut-off 
Date 
[corresponds to the [third Friday] [●] in June and December] [If the 
Partial Redemption Cut-off Date is not a day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Cut-
off Date is postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] 
[insert modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption Date 
[[5] [●] Exchange Days after the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [If the 
Partial Redemption Date is not a day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial Redemption Date will 
be postponed to the next day on which this requirement is met.] [insert 
modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption 
Amount 
[If on the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] the Reference Price on 
the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date exceeds the Reference Price on 
the immediately preceding [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by 
more than [insert threshold]% (threshold), the Security Holder will 
receive on the Partial Repayment Date an amount equal to the 
difference between the reference price on the Partial Repayment Date 
and the reference price on the immediately preceding [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●], in each case multiplied by the Ratio valid 
on the respective [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●]. In addition, a

--- Page 137 ---
137/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
new Ratio which will be valid after the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] 
[●] is calculated by multiplying the Ratio valid on this [Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] by [insert result of the sum of 1 and 
threshold] [●].] [The Partial Repayment Amount cannot be greater than 
the Reference Price multiplied by the Ratio. A mathematically negative 
value leads to a Partial Repayment Amount of zero (0).] [insert modified 
definition, where applicable: ●]] 
Currency Conversion 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is not provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency in accordance with the Conversion Rate. 
"Conversion Rate" means 
[the relevant conversion rate as determined for the Valuation Date by 
Bloomberg L.P. at around 2:00 p.m. (local time in Frankfurt am Main) 
and published on the web page 
http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fx-fixings.] 
[the respective interbank conversion rate between the currency of the 
Basket Constituent and the Currency of the Underlying or the Settlement 
Currency, as applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 
315, 317 BGB) at the time of determination of the Reference Price [of a 
Basket Constituent ][of the Underlying].] 
[insert different definition of the Conversion Rate, where applicable: ●] 
[insert additionally, where applicable: If such conversion rate is not 
determined or published or if the method of calculation of such 
conversion rate is materially modified or the normal publication time is 
changed by more than 30 minutes, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Conversion Rate applicable on the Valuation Date at the 
time of determination of the Reference Price in its reasonable discretion 
(for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB).] 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be converted 
into the Settlement Currency. The conversion shall use a Conversion 
Rate of 1:1, i.e. one unit of the [Currency of the Underlying][currency of 
a Basket Constituent] shall correspond to one unit of the Settlement 
Currency of the Security ("Quanto Structure").] 
Registry Type 
[German Global Certificates] 
[Swiss Uncertified Securities] 
[Italian Uncertificated Certificates] 
[Danish Uncertificated Securities] 
[Dutch Uncertificated Securities] 
[Finnish Registered Securities] 
[French Dematerialized Bearer Securities] 
[Norwegian Registered Securities] 
[Swedish Registered Securities] 
Guarantor 
Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich (the Guarantor) 
Applicable Adjustment and 
Market Disruption 
Provisions  
The rules for Adjustments and Market Disruption Events specified in 
section 6 and section 7 of the General Conditions for [shares, securities 
representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) and other dividend-bearing 
securities][,] [and] [indices][,] [and] [bonds][,] [and] [commodities][,] [and]

--- Page 138 ---
138/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[futures or interest rate futures][,] [and] [exchange rates][,] [and] [interest 
rates][,] [and] [investment units] [and] [virtual currencies] [in so far as 
they represent Basket Constituents] shall apply to this Security. 
Securities with triparty 
collateral management 
(TCM) 
[The Securities will not be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 
of the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall not be applicable.] 
[The Securities will be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 of 
the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral management 
(TCM) shall be applicable.] 
]

--- Page 139 ---
139/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
 
7.2.4 Product Conditions for Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets (Product No. 4) 
 [ 
Type of Security 
Open-End Tracker Certificates [Quanto] [with triparty collateral 
management (TCM)] 
Settlement Currency 
of the Securities shall be ●. [All references to ● should be understood 
as references to [insert details of the Currency: ●].] 
Offer Size [(up to)] 
● [in the case of an increase of issue, additionally:, which shall be 
consolidated with the outstanding 
Securities (ISIN ● / WKN ● / Valor ●) issued on [insert issue date of 
the Original Securities: ●] [(and increased on [list earlier increases of 
issue, where applicable: ●])] and form a single issue within the 
meaning of section 14 of the General Conditions (corresponding to a 
total offer size of ●).] 
Issue Date 
● 
Fixing Date 
● 
Valuation Date 
shall mean 
(a) in each case in the event of effective exercise by the Security 
Holder, an Exercise Date on which the Security Right is 
exercised effectively by the Security Holder in accordance 
with section 4 of the General Conditions; 
(b) in the event of Ordinary Termination by the Issuer pursuant to 
section 5 of the General Conditions, the Ordinary Termination 
Date in accordance with section 5 (2) of the General 
Conditions. 
[If (i) the Valuation Date is not an Exchange Day or (ii) in the event of 
exercise by the Security Holder, the Exercise Notice is not received 
by the Exercise Agent until after the Reference Price has been 
determined by the Reference Agent on the Valuation Date, then the 
Valuation Date shall be postponed to the next following Exchange 
Day] [insert modified provision, where applicable: ●]. 
[insert only in case of Italian Uncertificated Certificates: 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza)  
[shall mean the Valuation Date.] [[●] Business Days following the Val-
uation Date.] [●]] 
Maturity Date 
[●] [means the fifth Business Day after the Valuation Date.] 
Term 
The Term of the Securities shall begin on the Issue Date and, subject 
to ordinary or extraordinary termination by the Issuer [Securities with 
triparty collateral management (TCM): and subject to the occurrence 
of a Liquidation Event pursuant to section 15 of the General 
Conditions], shall be indefinite (open-end). 
Product Features 
means the Underlying[,] [the Strike [and the Initial Price of the 
Underlying]][[,] [and] the Ratio][[,] [and] the Management Fee] [,] [and] 
the Performance Fee] [and the Quanto Interest Rate]. 
Underlying 
[insert description of the Underlying (basket): ●] 
[In the case of Dynamic Baskets as the Underlying, insert details of 
the dynamic selection method and of the Underlyings: The [insert

--- Page 140 ---
140/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
name of the Dynamic Basket as the Underlying] is a proprietary 
basket (Dynamic Basket), whose Basket Constituents are selected in 
accordance with a dynamic selection method. The selection method 
and the Basket Constituents are set out in chapter II. of the Final 
Terms "Information about the Underlying". 
Reference Agent:  
● 
[Currency:  
●]] 
[In the case of baskets (other than Dynamic Baskets) as the 
Underlying, insert the following defined terms next to each other and 
specify them for the Basket Constituent: The Underlying (basket) is 
composed of the following Basket Constituents: 
[Basket Constituent] [If the basket 
consists of only one type of financial 
instrument, insert the exact 
description (e.g. "share")] 
[●1]) 
Weighting
Number 
[*] 
●2) 
[●2]) 
●2 
●2) 
[* The number ("Number") shall be [determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Fixing Date for each Basket Constituent taking into 
account the Weighting of the respective Basket Constituents and 
based on an Initial Price of the Underlying of [insert currency of the 
Securities and amount: ●] and the Reference Prices of the respective 
Basket Constituents on the Fixing Date, expressed as a formula: 
Number = Weighting x Initial Price of the Underlying / Reference Price 
of the Basket Constituent] [insert alternative provision for the 
determination of the Number, where applicable: ●]] 
[1) In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs), other dividend-bearing securities and indices as a Basket 
Constituent, insert the following defined terms and specify them for 
the Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, 
[Reference Agent,] [Index Sponsor,] [Index Calculation Agent,] 
[Derivatives Exchange,] Currency] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one index point 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert the following 
defined terms next to each other and specify them for the Basket 
Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, Reference 
Agent, [Derivatives Exchange,] Valuation Time, Currency] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, Unit of 
Measurement, Reference Agent, [Valuation Time,] Currency] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket 
Constituent, insert the following defined terms next to each other and 
specify them for the Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, 
[Bloomberg][●] Symbol, Reference Agent, [Derivatives Exchange,] 
Currency] 
[In the case of interest rate futures as a Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, one percentage point 
in the pricing of the Basket Constituent by the Reference Agent 
corresponds to one unit of the Currency of the Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the

--- Page 141 ---
141/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, Base 
Currency / Strike Currency, Reference Agent, Reference Page, 
Valuation Time [The "Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the 
Strike Currency.]] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, 
[Reference Agent,] [Reference Page,] [Valuation Time,] Currency] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: ISIN Underlying, [Bloomberg][●] Symbol, 
Reference Agent, Currency] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert the 
following defined terms next to each other and specify them for the 
Basket Constituent: [ISIN Underlying,] [[Bloomberg][●] Symbol,] Base 
Currency / Strike Currency, Reference Agents, [Reference Page] [The 
"Currency of the Underlying" corresponds to the Strike Currency.] 
[All references to ● should be understood as references to [insert 
details of the Currency: ●].]] 
2) This option may be used multiple times in accordance with the 
number of Basket Constituents. 
[Initial Reference Price  
●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally where applicable: 
Underlying on the Issue Date 
[●] 
[[Bloomberg][●] Symbol: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
 
Current Underlying 
[On each Rollover Date a Rollover procedure shall be carried out 
whereby the Issuer replaces the respective Current Underlying with 
another Underlying (future) which, except for the expiry date which is 
further in the future, has the same or comparable contract 
specifications. 
The "Current Underlying" from the Issue Date until the first Rollover 
Date means the "Underlying on the Issue Date", as specified above. 
On the first Rollover Date this Underlying shall lose its validity and 
shall be replaced by the Underlying falling due on the Reference 
Agent in the next following Rollover Month. On each subsequent 
Rollover Date, the Current Underlying shall be replaced analogously 
by the underlying contract falling due on the Reference Agent in the 
next following Rollover Month.] [insert modified provision relating to 
the Rollover, where applicable: ●]] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as a 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Date] 
[shall be determined in each case by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion [for Securities subject to German law (sections 
315, 317 BGB)] and shall fall within a period of ten trading days prior 
to the last trading day of the Current Underlying on the Reference 
Agent. [In the event that the first notice day of the Current Underlying 
is before its last trading day, the period for the Rollover Date shall 
begin ten trading days prior to the first notice day and shall end with 
the last trading day of the Current Underlying.]] [insert alternative 
definition of a Rollover Date: ●] 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the

--- Page 142 ---
142/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Basket Constituent, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Month(s) 
 
means [insert corresponding contract months: ●] [each contract 
month defined in relation to the Underlying on the Reference Agent]. 
[in the case of futures or 
interest rate futures as the 
Underlying, insert 
additionally: 
Rollover Reference Price 
The Rollover Reference Price is determined on each Rollover Date 
by the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion on the basis of 
the prices of the Current Underlying traded and published at the 
Reference Agent within one hour before and including the time 
when the official settlement price is determined by the latter.] 
[Initial Price of the Underlying 
[means the initial value of the Underlying (basket) on the Fixing Date 
and shall be equal to] ●] 
[Strike 
●] 
[Ratio 
[●] [will not be specified until the Fixing Date and corresponds to the 
exchange rate between the Settlement Currency and the Currency of 
the Underlying (●/●) on the Fixing Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) on the basis of the interbank 
conversion rates on the Fixing Date.] [insert modified provision 
relating to the determination of the Ratio: ● ]] 
Redemption Style  
Payment (Cash Settlement) 
Cash Amount 
The Cash Amount (section 3 of the General Conditions) shall be 
calculated 
[from the total of the Reference Prices of the Basket Constituents on 
the Valuation Date, multiplied in each case by the corresponding 
Number of the Basket Constituents in the basket, all [in the case of a 
Ratio expressed as a fraction, insert: divided by the] [in the case of a 
Ratio expressed as a number, insert: multiplied by the] [(current)] 
Ratio[, less the Management Fee] [,] [and] the Performance Fee] [and 
the Quanto Interest Rate] [plus any cash component].] 
[from the Strike multiplied by [the [(current)] Ratio and] [the 
Performance of the Underlying] [the average Performance of the 
Basket Constituents] [plus any cash component].] 
[from the Initial Price of the Underlying multiplied by [the [(current)] 
Ratio and] [the Performance of the Underlying] [the average 
Performance of the Basket Constituents] [plus any cash component].] 
[In the case of proprietary baskets as the Underlying, insert: from 
the Reference Price determined and published by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date [multiplied by the][divided by the] Ratio].] 
[insert additionally formula for the calculation of the Cash Amount, 
where applicable: ●] 
The Cash Amount cannot be negative. A calculated value that is 
negative results in a Cash Amount of zero. 
[If the Currency of the Underlying or of the Basket Constituents is 
different from the Settlement Currency of the Securities, the Cash 
Amount shall be converted into the Settlement Currency of the 
Securities in accordance with the relevant Conversion Rate.] 
[Performance 
[The Performance on the Valuation Date corresponds to the 
Performance [of the Underlying] [of the respective Basket Constituent] 
[adjusted for the Management Fee [,] [and] the Performance Fee]

--- Page 143 ---
143/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[and the Quanto Interest Rate]], and shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∏






⋅
−
=
−
t
t
t
t
d
Fee
B
B
e
Performanc
360
1
 
where: 
t is the number of [Exchange Days][insert alternative relevant days, 
where applicable: •] that have elapsed since the Issue Date; 
Bt is [the total of the Reference Prices of the Basket Constituents on 
[Exchange Day][•] t, in each case] [the Reference Price of the 
respective Basket Constituent on [Exchange Day][•] t] multiplied by 
the corresponding Number of the Basket Constituent in the basket; 
B0 is the Initial Price of the Underlying; 
Fee is the [Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t] [total 
of the Management Fee applicable for [Exchange Day][•] t [,] [and] the 
Performance Fee] and of the applicable Quanto Interest Rate]; 
dt is the number of calendar days between [Exchange Days][•] t-1 and 
t.] 
[of the respective Underlying shall correspond to the quotient of (i) the 
Reference Price of the respective Underlying on the [Valuation 
Date][●] and (ii) the [Strike][initial reference price] [●] of the respective 
Underlying, expressed as a percentage.] 
[insert alternative calculation of the Performance, where applicable: 
[●]]] 
[Management Fee 
[●] [The Management Fee shall be initially equal to [●] [on the Issue 
Date] ●. The Management Fee may be adjusted in the reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB) of the Calculation Agent with effect in each case as of ●, but 
may not exceed the Maximum Management Fee. Any such 
adjustment shall be notified at least one (1) month prior to becoming 
effective pursuant to section 12 of the General Conditions. 
Maximum Management Fee: ●.] 
[Performance Fee 
[●][The Index Sponsor may receive a Performance Fee, the amount 
of which depends on the performance of the Underlying [compared to 
the highest peak in value that the Underlying has reached 
(watermark)][compared to the highest peak in value that the 
Underlying has reached in the current year (watermark)][exceeding 
[●% p.a.] [the ●] [the performance of ●].] 
[Quanto Interest Rate 
[●][The Quanto Interest Rate will be determined initially on the Fixing 
Date in the reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German 
law, sections 315, 317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled to adjust the Quanto Interest Rate 
on each [Exchange Day][•] with effect for the future in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB), if there is an increase or reduction in the Issuer's costs (or 
those of its affiliated companies) in connection with hedging the 
currency risks. The initial determination and all adjustments shall be 
notified pursuant to section 12 of the General Conditions.]] 
Reference Price 
[For Reference Prices in the case of Dynamic Baskets, insert: 
The Reference Price shall be the relevant price or level of the 
Underlying for the purpose of determining and calculating the

--- Page 144 ---
144/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means the Valuation Price of the Underlying 
determined and published by the Reference Agent. 
The Valuation Price of the Underlying [●] [is equal in principle to the 
total of the closing prices of the Basket Constituents on the respective 
exchanges determined by the Reference Agent on the relevant 
Valuation Date, taking into account their prospective weightings in the 
basket, converted where applicable into the Reference Currency.] 
[However, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled, in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB), to specify a different Valuation Price of the Underlying if and to 
the extent that the closing price of a Basket Constituent determined 
by the Reference Agent does not adequately reflect the market price 
of the respective Basket Constituent on that Exchange Day, taking 
account in particular of the actual transactions in the Basket 
Constituent on the Reference Agent on that Exchange Day, in the 
sole discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 
317 BGB) of the Calculation Agent.]]] 
[For Reference Prices except in the case of Dynamic Baskets, insert:
The Reference Price shall be the relevant rate, price or level of a 
Basket Constituent for the purpose of determining and calculating the 
redemption of the Securities and shall be determined as follows: 
Reference Price means  
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
[the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and published 
by the Reference Agent.] 
[generally the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and 
published by the Reference Agent. However, the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled, in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB), to specify a different Reference 
Price if and to the extent that the closing price of the Basket 
Constituent determined by the Reference Agent does not adequately 
reflect the market price of the respective Basket Constituent on that 
Exchange Day, taking account in particular of the actual transactions 
in the Basket Constituent on the Reference Agent on that Exchange 
Day, in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent (for Securities 
subject to German law, sections 315, 317 BGB).]] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the closing price of the Basket Constituent determined and published 
by the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
[(a) the value of the Basket Constituent determined and published as 
the closing price on the Reference Agent] 
[(a) the price of the Basket Constituent displayed on page [screen 
page ●] at the Valuation Time [and obtainable from there]] 
[, and (b) in the absence of such price display, the arithmetical mean 
of the [bid prices] [offer prices] for the Basket Constituent determined 
and notified at the request of the Calculation Agent by 5 leading 
market participants that are not affiliated companies of the Issuer or of 
the Calculation Agent]

--- Page 145 ---
145/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[, and with the addition of interest accrued on the Basket Constituent 
(if the interest is not included in the price determined)].] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the price of the Basket Constituent determined by the Reference 
Agent [at the Valuation Time].] [insert specific description of the 
relevant fixing for the commodity: ●].] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
the settlement price of the Basket Constituent determined and 
published on the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
[the exchange rate determined by the Reference Agent at the 
Valuation Time and then published on the Reference Page. If the 
Base Currency of the Underlying (as specified above under 
"Underlying") is not EUR (euros), then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Reference Price by dividing the respective exchange 
rate between EUR and the Strike Currency determined by the 
Reference Agent at the Valuation Time by the exchange rate between 
EUR and the Base Currency.]  
[the price of the Underlying on the international interbank market at 
the Valuation Time determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 
315, 317 BGB) taking account of the bid and offer prices [in the 
Reuters Monitor Service System] [on the corresponding screen page 
of the [Bloomberg][●] financial information service] [screen page ●].]] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the interest rate [determined by the Reference Agent and] published 
on the Reference Page [at the Valuation Time].] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the value of the Basket Constituent determined and published by the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
the price of the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to 
German law, sections 315, 317 BGB) taking account of the prices set 
for the [Underlying][Basket Constituent] on the Reference Agents 
during the Valuation Date.] 
[insert modified provision relating to the determination of the 
Reference Price, where applicable: ●] 
Exchange Day 
[In the case of Dynamic Baskets as the Underlying, insert:  
A day on which the Underlying is calculated by the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of shares, securities representing shares (ADRs or 
GDRs) and other dividend-bearing securities as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
A day on which trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of indices as a Basket Constituent, insert:  
A day on which the Basket Constituent is calculated by the Reference 
Agent.] 
[In the case of bonds as a Basket Constituent, insert:

--- Page 146 ---
146/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
A day on which [trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent] [bid and offer prices for the Basket Constituent are 
set by at least 3 leading market participants].] 
[In the case of commodities as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the interbank market for the Basket Constituent is 
open and on which a price for the Basket Constituent is calculated by 
the Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of futures or interest rate futures as a Basket 
Constituent, insert: 
A day on which trading in the Basket Constituent takes place on the 
Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of exchange rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of interest rates as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the Reference Agent normally fixes a price for the 
Basket Constituent.] 
[In the case of investment units as a Basket Constituent, insert: 
A day on which the value of the Basket Constituent is normally 
determined by the respective Reference Agent.] 
[In the case of virtual currencies as a Basket Constituent, insert:  
A day on which the Reference Agents normally determine a price for 
the Basket Constituent.] 
[insert modified definition of Exchange Day, where applicable: ●] 
Cash Distributions 
[Not applicable.][Retention of income (reinvestment) pursuant to 
section 6a of the General Conditions shall apply.][Retention of income 
(cash component) pursuant to section 6a of the General Conditions 
shall apply.] [The adjustment shall take place [3][●] Exchange Days 
after the relevant amount is credited.] 
Exercise Right of the Security 
Holder 
The Exercise Right of the Security Holder shall apply. The Security 
Holder may redeem the Securities from the First Exercise Date 
onward in accordance with section 4 of the General Conditions in 
conjunction with the Product Conditions. 
The exercise of the Security Right shall give the Security Holder the 
right to the payment of the Cash Amount by the Issuer. 
Exercise Agent 
means [Bank Vontobel AG, Corporate Actions, Gotthardstrasse 43, 
8002 Zurich, Switzerland] [●] 
Telephone: [+41 (0)58 283 74 69] [●] 
Fax: [+41 (0)58 283 51 60] [●] 
Exercise Record Date 
means the [fifth (5th)][●] Business Day prior to the respective Exercise 
Date. 
First Exercise Date 
● 
Exercise Date 
Each [●] from the First Exercise Date onward shall be an Exercise 
Date. 
Minimum Exercise Number 
●

--- Page 147 ---
147/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Ordinary Right of Termination of 
the Issuer 
The Ordinary Right of Termination of the Issuer pursuant to section 5 
of the General Conditions shall apply. 
Extraordinary Right of 
Termination of the Issuer 
Applicable ([excluding][including] Hedging Disruption Events) 
First Termination Date 
● 
Termination Dates 
Each [●] from the First Termination Date onward shall be a 
Termination Date. 
Termination Record Date 
shall be [one (1)] [five (5)] [●] [calendar month[s]] [Business Day[s]] [●] 
prior to the relevant Termination Date. 
Partial Redemption 
[Applicable. The provisions of section 13 (1) of the General 
Conditions shall apply.][Not applicable.]  
[in case of a Partial Redemption and virtual currencies as the Underyling, insert: 
Partial Redemption Cut-off 
Date 
[corresponds to the [third Friday] [●] in June and December] [If the 
Partial Redemption Cut-off Date is not a day on which the 
Calculation Agent determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial 
Redemption Cut-off Date is postponed to the next day on which 
this requirement is met.] [insert modified definition, where 
applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption Date 
[[5] [●] Exchange Days after the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] 
[If the Partial Redemption Date is not a day on which the 
Calculation Agent determines prices for the Underlying, the Partial 
Redemption Date will be postponed to the next day on which this 
requirement is met.] [insert modified definition, where applicable: ●] 
Partial Redemption 
Amount 
[If on the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] the Reference Price 
on the Partial Redemption Cut-off Date exceeds the Reference 
Price on the immediately preceding [Partial Redemption Cut-off 
Date] [●] by more than [insert threshold]% (threshold), the Security 
Holder will receive on the Partial Repayment Date an amount equal 
to the difference between the reference price on the Partial 
Repayment Date and the reference price on the immediately 
preceding [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●], in each case 
multiplied by the Ratio valid on the respective [Partial Redemption 
Cut-off Date] [●]. In addition, a new Ratio which will be valid after 
the [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] [●] is calculated by 
multiplying the Ratio valid on this [Partial Redemption Cut-off Date] 
[●] by [insert result of the sum of 1 and threshold] [●].] [The Partial 
Repayment Amount cannot be greater than the Reference Price 
multiplied by the Ratio. A mathematically negative value leads to a 
Partial Repayment Amount of zero (0).] [insert modified definition, 
where applicable: ●]] 
Currency Conversion 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is not provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be 
converted into the Settlement Currency in accordance with the 
Conversion Rate. 
"Conversion Rate" means 
[the relevant conversion rate as determined for the Valuation Date by 
Bloomberg L.P. at around 2:00 p.m. (local time in Frankfurt am Main) 
and published on the web page 
http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/currencies/fx-fixings. ]

--- Page 148 ---
148/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[the respective interbank conversion rate between the currency of the 
Basket Constituent and the Currency of the Underlying or the 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion (for Securities subject to German 
law, sections 315, 317 BGB) at the time of determination of the 
Reference Price of a Basket Constituent.] 
[insert different definition of the Conversion Rate, where applicable: ●] 
[insert additionally, where applicable: If such conversion rate is not 
determined or published or if the method of calculation of such 
conversion rate is materially modified or the normal publication time is 
changed by more than 30 minutes, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Conversion Rate applicable on the Valuation Date at 
the time of determination of the Reference Price in its reasonable 
discretion (for Securities subject to German law, sections 315, 317 
BGB).] 
[if currency hedging (Quanto) is provided for, insert: 
All monetary amounts payable under the Securities shall be 
converted into the Settlement Currency. The conversion shall use a 
Conversion Rate of 1:1, i.e. one unit of the [Currency of the 
Underlying][currency of the Basket Constituent] shall correspond to 
one unit of the Settlement Currency of the Security ("Quanto 
Structure").] 
Registry Type 
[German Global Certificates] 
[Swiss Uncertified Securities] 
[Italian Uncertificated Certificates] 
[Danish Uncertificated Securities] 
[Dutch Uncertificated Securities] 
[Finnish Registered Securities] 
[French Dematerialized Bearer Securities] 
[Norwegian Registered Securities] 
[Swedish Registered Securities] 
Guarantor 
Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich (the Guarantor) 
Applicable Adjustment and 
Market Disruption Provisions  
The rules for Adjustments and Market Disruption Events specified in 
section 6 and section 7 of the General Conditions for [shares, 
securities representing shares (ADRs or GDRs) and other dividend-
bearing securities][,] [and] [indices][,] [and] [bonds][,] [and] 
[commodities][,] [and] [futures or interest rate futures][,] [and] 
[exchange rates][,] [and] [interest rates][,] [and] [investment units] 
[and] [virtual currencies] [in so far as they represent Basket 
Constituents] shall apply to this Security. 
Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) 
[The Securities will not be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 
15 of the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall not be applicable.] 
[The Securities will be collateralised, i.e. the provisions of section 15 
of the General Conditions for Securities with triparty collateral 
management (TCM) shall be applicable.] 
]

--- Page 149 ---
149/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
8. 
Guarantee 
Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich, Switzerland (the "Guarantor") hereby unconditionally and irrevocably, in accord-
ance with article 111 of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Schweizerisches Obligationenrecht, "OR"), guarantees 
to the holders of the securities for which the Guarantor is stipulated to be Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich in the 
respective Product Conditions (the "Creditors") issued by Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany (the "Debtor") under the Base Prospectus (the "Securities") the proper payment of all amounts 
payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the securities, subject to the following conditions: 
(1) 
This guarantee represents an independent, unsecured and non-subordinated obligation of the Guarantor, 
which ranks pari passu with all its other unsecured and non-subordinated obligations, except those that 
have preference by law. 
(2) 
The intent and purpose of this guarantee is to ensure that, under all actual or legal circumstances and 
irrespective of motivations, defences, or objections on whose grounds payments may fail to be made by 
the Debtor, and irrespective of the effectiveness and enforceability of the obligations of the Debtor under 
the Securities, the Creditors receive the amounts payable on the maturity date and in the manner specified 
in the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
(3) 
Upon first demand by the holders and their written confirmation that an amount under the Securities has 
not been paid when due by the Debtor, the Guarantor shall pay to them immediately all amounts required 
to fulfil the intent and purpose of this guarantee specified in paragraph (2) above. 
(4) 
The guarantee shall remain in force until all amounts under paragraph (3) have been paid in full, irrespec-
tive of any concessions the Creditors have granted the Debtor. 
(5) 
For as long as the Guarantor has not paid in full amounts that have become due and are payable by it, it 
shall not claim vis-à-vis the Debtor, in respect of any payments it has made according to the guarantee, 
any recourse or other rights to which it may become entitled in relation to or as a result of such partial 
payment. 
(6) 
Each payment made under this guarantee shall reduce the Guarantor's obligation accordingly. 
(7) 
This guarantee represents an independent guarantee (and not surety (Bürgschaft)) under Swiss law. All 
rights and obligations arising from the guarantee are subject in all respects to Swiss law. 
(8) 
The courts of law of the Canton of Zurich shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all actions and legal dis-
putes relating to the guarantee. The place of jurisdiction shall be Zurich 1. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
appeals may be lodged with the Swiss Federal Supreme Court in Lausanne, whose decision shall be 
final. 
 
Zurich, 4 June 2021 
Vontobel Holding AG 
 
 
signed Bruno Kohli 
 
 
signed Florian Bättig

--- Page 150 ---
150/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
 
9. 
Form of Final Terms 
 
[in the case of a Resumption of Offer of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020, the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019, the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 or the Base Prospectus dated 
13 September 2017, as amended by any supplements, insert: Final Terms dated [insert date of the Final Terms: 
●] for the purposes of the Resumption of the Offer of the [insert name of the Securities: ●] ([ISIN: ● ][●]), issued 
under the Final Terms dated [insert date of the first Final Terms: ●] (the "First Final Terms") to the Base 
Prospectus dated [26 June 2020][10 July 2019][13 August 2018][13 September 2017], as amended by any 
supplements (the "First Base Prospectus") after the expiry of the First Base Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions contained in these Final Terms dated [insert date: ●] shall govern the Resumption of 
the Offer. The Terms and Conditions contained in the First Final Terms are not relevant to the Resumption of 
the Offer.] 
 
 
Issuer: 
Vontobel Financial Products GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Guarantor: 
[Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich, Switzerland] [Bank Vontobel 
Europe AG, Munich, Germany] 
Offeror: 
Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Munich, Germany 
Securities identification numbers: 
ISIN: ● [/ WKN: ●] [/ Valor: ●] [/ NGM Symbol: ●] [/] [insert additional 
securities identification number where applicable: ●] 
Total offer size: 
●  
 
I. Introduction 
These final terms (the "Final Terms") have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 paragraph 4 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). To obtain all relevant information, the Final 
Terms should be read together with the base prospectus dated 4 June 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") 
and any supplements thereto in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Supplements").  
Final Terms 
dated [insert date of Final Terms: ●] 
[in the case of a replacement (which term does not include an increase of issue) of the Final 
Terms: (which replace the Final Terms dated ●)] 
 
for 
 
[insert Nordic Growth Market (NGM) symbol, if applicable: ●] 
[type of Security: ●] 
[insert marketing name, if appropriate: ●] 
 
linked to 
 
[insert Underlying(s): ●] 
 
[ISIN ●] 
 
(the "Securities")

--- Page 151 ---
151/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto will be published in electronic form on the website 
http://prospectus.vontobel.com in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation by entering 
the relevant ISIN. 
[if the minimum denomination of the securities is less than EUR 100,000: An issue specific summary is 
annexed to the Final Terms.] 
[if the term of the securities extends beyond the last day of validity of this Base Prospectus, insert:  
Continuation of the Public Offer 
The Base Prospectus including any Supplements thereto (the "Initial Base Prospectus") is valid until 4 June 
2022 in accordance with Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation. Following this date, the public offer will be 
continued until the End of the Public Offer (as defined in section IV.2 of the Final Terms) on the basis of one or 
more succeeding base prospectuses (each a "Succeeding Base Prospectus") in accordance with Article 8 
paragraph 11 of the Prospectus Regulation, to the extent the Succeeding Base Prospectus envisages a 
continuation of the public offer of the Securities. In this context, these Final Terms are, in each case, to be read 
in conjunction with the most recent Succeeding Base Prospectus. The respective Succeeding Base Prospectus 
will be approved and published prior to the expiry of the validity of the respective preceding base prospectus. 
The respective Succeeding Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website 
https://prospectus.vontobel.com.] 
[in the case of a Resumption of Offer of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020, the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019, the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 or the Base Prospectus dated 
13 September 2017, as amended by any supplements, insert: These Final Terms dated ● (the "Final Terms") 
are prepared in order to resume the Public Offer of the Securities. The Securities were initially issued under the 
First Final Terms dated [insert date of the first Final Terms: ●] to the First Base Prospectus. The First Base 
Prospectus and the First Final Terms and any notices which have been published since the issue date of the 
Securities pursuant to the First Final Terms are published on the website http://prospectus.vontobel.com by 
entry of the respective ISIN and are available in hardcopy at the address of the Issuer free of charge.] 
[insert if the Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no key information document (KID) will be 
provided: Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Securities must not be distributed, sold, marketed, advertised or otherwise made available for purchase to 
clients which qualify as retail clients (as defined in Article 4(1) point (11) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") or any legislation of an EEA member state transposing Article 4(1) point (11) MiFID II), who have to 
be provided with a key information document (KID) within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council ("PRIIPS-Regulation") in respect of the Securities before taking any 
investment decision, and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor.] 
 
II. 
Terms and Conditions 
[In the case of a new issue or increase of issue of Securities insert: The Securities are subject to the General 
Conditions in the [in case of a new issue or an increase of Securities issued under this Base Prospectus: Base 
Prospectus dated 4 June 2021 (section 7.1)] [in case of an increase of Securities issued under the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020: Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020][in case of an increase of Securities 
issued under the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019: Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019] [in case of an 
increase of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018: Base Prospectus dated 13 
August 2018] [in case of an increase of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 
2017: Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2017] as well as the corresponding Product Conditions for 
[Tracker Certificates [(Product No. 1)]] [Open-End Tracker Certificates [(Product No. 2)]] [Tracker 
Certificates linked to baskets [(Product No. 3)]] [Open-End Tracker Certificates linked to baskets [(Prod-
uct No. 4)]] which together constitute the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions").] 
[in the case of a Resumption of Offer or an increase of issue of Securities, insert, if necessary: The initial issue 
price in the following Terms and Conditions is solely a historical indicative price based on the market conditions 
at the date of the beginning of the Public Offer of the respective Securities in the past. The issue price of the 
Securities is determined on the date of the start of the Public Offer based on the particular market conditions 
and is published on that date on the website of the Issuer on https://prospectus.vontobel.com by entry of the 
respective ISIN.] 
[in the case of a Resumption of Offer insert applicable Terms and Conditions Conditions, consisting of General 
Conditions and Product Conditions: ●]

--- Page 152 ---
152/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[In the case of a new issue or increase of issue of Securities issued under this Base Prospectus, insert the 
relevant table from chapter 7.2 for the Product Conditions applicable in the particular case and select applicable 
options and complete applicable placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of issue of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020, insert 
the relevant table from chapter 7.2 for the Product Conditions applicable in the particular case and select 
applicable options and complete applicable placeholders] 
 [In the case of an increase of issue of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2019, insert 
the relevant table from chapter 8.2 for the Product Conditions applicable in the particular case and select 
applicable options and complete applicable placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of issue of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018, insert 
the relevant table from chapter 8.2 for the Product Conditions applicable in the particular case and select 
applicable options and complete applicable placeholders] 
[In the case of an increase of issue of Securities issued under the Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2017, 
insert the relevant table from chapter VIII.2 for the Product Conditions applicable in the particular case and select 
applicable options and complete applicable placeholders] 
 
III.  Information about the Underlying  
The Underlying to which the Securities are linked is: 
[share, security representing shares (ADR/GDR) or other dividend-bearing security, issuer, ISIN and/or 
Bloomberg or other symbol, currency, further details where relevant] 
[bond, issuer, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, currency, further details where relevant] 
[index, index calculation agent, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, currency, index disclaimer where 
relevant, indication of where information about this index can be obtained, further details where relevant] 
[commodity, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, currency, brief description where relevant, further details 
where relevant] 
[future, interest rate future, expiry month/year, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, brief description where 
relevant, further details where relevant] 
[exchange rate, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, brief description where relevant, further details where 
relevant] 
[interest rate, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, brief description where relevant, further details where 
relevant] 
[investment unit, description of fund, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol, brief description, currency, further 
details where relevant] 
[designation of the virtual currency, ISIN and/or Bloomberg or other symbol where relevant, brief description 
where relevant, further details where relevant] 
[A basket consisting of [shares, securities representing shares (ADRs/GDRs) or other dividend-bearing 
securities][,] [and] [bonds][,] [and] [indices][,] [and] [commodities][,] [and] [futures][,] [and] [interest rate futures][,] 
[and] [exchange rates][,] [and] [interest rates][,] [and] [investment units[,] [and] [virtual currencies]]. 
[in the case of a proprietary basket as the Underlying, insert description of the selection method: [●]] 
[insert information about the individual basket constituents, as described above for the individual types of 
Underlyings: ●]] 
[in the case of a proprietary index as the Underlying or a basket constituent, insert description of the principal 
index parameters: [●]] 
Information about the historical and future performance of [the Underlying][the Underlyings] [and/or its 
constituents] 
and 
[its 
volatility][their 
volatilities] 
can 
be 
obtained 
on 
the 
internet 
from 
[●] 
[http://www.bloomberg.com] [(symbol: ●)] [http://www.onvista.de] [the websites specified above]. 
[in the case of an index as the Underlying or a basket constituent which is provided by a legal or natural person 
acting together with the Issuer or in its name: 
The Issuer makes the following statements:

--- Page 153 ---
153/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
• 
the complete set of rules of the index [in the case of a basket constituent, insert name of the index: (●)]and 
information on the performance of the index are freely accessible on the website[s] [of the Issuer 
(prospectus.vontobel.com)] [add further websites where relevant: [●]] [and/or] [of the Reference Agent 
(www.[relevant website(s) of the Reference Agent])]; and 
• 
the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the rebalancing of the 
constituents of the index, the description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on 
predetermined and objective criteria.] 
[If applicable, insert relevant statement on benchmarks according to Article 29 para. 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation):  
Information in connection with the Benchmark Regulation 
[The Cash Amount may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to [insert specific benchmark(s): ●] 
which is provided by [insert legal name of administrator(s): ●]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert legal 
name of administrator(s): ●] is [not] included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation").] [insert alternative and/or additional statement(s) on benchmarks 
according to Article 29 para. 2 of the Benchmark Regulation: ●]] 
[if applicable, insert tax relevant information in relation with the Securities, e.g. in relation to Section 871(m) of the 
Internal Revenue Code: ●] 
[if applicable, insert relevant information in relation with ESG/sustainability features, e.g. in relation to Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector and/or 
a regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment: ●] 
 
IV. 
Further Information on the Offer of the Securities 
1. 
Stock exchange listing and trading arrangements 
Stock exchange listing 
[without an application for admission to a regulated market or MTF: [No application has been made for the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on a regulated market, on an MTF or an equivalent market, and no such 
application is currently planned.] [●] ] 
[with application for admission to the regulated market and / or MTF: [An application for admission to trading on 
the following [regulated market[s]][,][and] [unofficial regulated market[s]] [and] [multilateral trading facilities (MTF)] 
[was made] [will be make]  for the Securities: [Application for admission to the regulated market only on regulated 
markets: [Euronext Paris] [,] [and] [ Euronext Amsterdam] [,] [and] [●]; [insert if an application for admission to an 
unofficial regulated market and/or MTF is planned: [: [the unofficial regulated market (Open Market (Freiverkehr)) 
of the Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG (Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate Premium)][,][and] [Baden-Württembergische 
Wertpapierbörse (EUWAX)]] [,][and] [Euronext Access Paris (Structured Products segment)] [,][and] [●]].  
[with application for admission to a market outside the European Union: An application for admission to trading on 
the following trading venues outside the European Union is being made for the securities: [SIX Swiss Exchange 
AG] [●].] 
[in case of an Increase and if the original Securities have already been admitted to trading: The Securities are 
admitted to trading on ●] [●].]: 
Pricing 
[Prices are quoted as the monetary price per Security.] 
[Prices are quoted as a percentage price.] [Accrued interest is [not included (clean pricing)] [included (flat or 
dirty pricing)] for pricing purposes.] 
[Market Maker 
[Bank Vontobel Europe AG, Alter Hof 5, 80331 Munich, Germany][●]] 
[Last stock exchange trading day 
●] 
[Minimum trading size 
●]

--- Page 154 ---
154/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
 
2. 
Information on the terms of the offer 
[In the case of a public offer without a subscription period for a new issue or increase of issue, insert: 
The Issue Price and the Value Date of the Securities and the start [except in case of products with an unlimited 
term (Open-End), insert: as well as the expected end] of the Public Offer are specified below.] 
[In the case of a public offer with a subscription period for a new issue or increase of issue, insert: 
The Securities will be offered during the Subscription Period; the Subscription Period, Value Date and Issue 
Price of the Securities as well as the start [and the expected end] of the public offer are specified in the 
disclosures below. The Issuer reserves the right to terminate the Subscription Period early [or to extend it], to 
reduce subscriptions, or not to proceed with the issue of the Securities, without giving reasons.] 
[In the case of a private placement, insert: 
The Issue Price and the Value Date of the Securities are specified below.] 
[Subscription Period 
● [The Issuer reserves the right to terminate the Subscription Period early [or to extend it].] 
[Minimum Subscription Amount 
● 
[Maximum Subscription Amount 
●]] 
[Issue Price 
● [plus price surcharge, see below]] 
Value Date 
● [, subject to the early termination [or extension] of the Subscription Period.] 
Start of the Public Offer 
[insert only in the case of a private placement which at the same time is admitted to trading on a regulated 
market: A Public Offer with regard to the Securities is not intended.]  
[if a public offer is envisaged (the order of the countries listed below may need to be adjusted to different ones): 
The public offer of the Securities in [the Czech Republic] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [Denmark] [starts on ●] [and] [,] 
[Finland] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [France] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [Germany] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [Hungary] [starts on 
●] [and] [,] [Italy] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [the Netherlands] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [Norway] [starts on ●] [and] [,] 
[Sweden] [starts on ●] [and] [,] [Slovakia] [starts on ●].]  
[possibly. if a public offer is planned and / or if the term of the securities extends beyond the last day of the 
validity of this base prospectus, add if necessary:  
End of the Public Offer 
The Public Offer of the Securities will end [if the date is certain: on ●] [with the term of the Securities [except for 
products without predefined term (Open End), insert: , expected on [insert the Valuation Date of the Securities: 
●,] [in case the term of the Securities outlast the last day of validity of the Base Prospectus, additionally insert 
as the case may be: or – in case that a base prospectus which follows the Base Prospectus has not been 
published on the website prospectus.vontobel.com under the respective heading until the last date of the validity 
of the Base Prospectus – with expiration of the validity of the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 12 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] [insert alternative provision regarding the end of the Public Offer, as the case may be: 
●] 
 
[If placement of the Securities is planned through "door-to-door selling" in Italy: 
Placement of the Securities through "door-to-door selling" in Italy 
The Securities will be placed in Italy through a so called "door-to-door selling" (as defined in Article 30 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree n. 58 dated 24 February 1998, as amended, the "Italian Financial Service Act"). [The 
offer period for the Securities placed through "door-to-door selling" in Italy will [start on [the Start of the Public

--- Page 155 ---
155/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Offer (as described above)] [●] and end on [the End of the Public Offer (as described above)] [●]] [be the 
Subscription Period (as defined above)][●].] 
[●, with registered office ● (website: ●) will act as lead manager or intermediary in connection with the offer of the 
Securities in Italy, i.e. as the "Responsabile del Collocamento" pursuant to Article 93-bis lit. e) of the Italian 
Financial Service Act.]] 
 
3. 
Costs and charges 
The Issue Price and the bid and ask prices provided by the Market Maker during the term of the Securities are 
based on internal pricing models. Among other things, the prices include a margin which the Market Maker 
determines at his own discretion and which, in addition to profit, also covers the costs of structuring of the 
Security and, if any, possible costs for distribution. The above-mentioned (initial) Issue Price includes costs 
amounting to ●[%][currency: [Euro][●]]. [with distribution fees: These costs include a distribution fee of up to ● 
of the (initial) issue price or, if higher, the price of the Securities in the secondary market.] 
No additional costs will be incurred by the issuer on the (initial) Issue Price charged to the investor. Investors 
will receive further information on any remuneration, commissions, fees and costs charged to investors, for 
example by their bank, advisor or financial services provider (distribution partner), from these parties upon 
request. [with price surcharge (premium): In particular, the distribution partner may charge an additional price 
surcharge (premium) of up to ● of the (initial) Issue Price.] [In addition, profits from Securities may be subject to 
profit taxation, the assets from the Securities may be subject to wealth taxation, or other tax regulations may be 
applicable.] 
[in case of a management fee, insert: A management fee of [up to] ● [%] will be charged and is already included 
in the price of the Security in the secondary market [by reducing the ratio of] ●[%] [yearly][monthly][●].][if 
applicable, insert an alternative description of the management fee: ●] [in the case of a trailer fee: A portion of 
the management fee ([up to] [●] [%]) may be paid to the distributor on a recurring basis as a trailer fee. The 
amount of such payment is calculated depending on the distribution channel in relation to the volume of 
Securities brokered.] 
[in case of a quanto fee, insert: A quanto fee of [up to] ● [%] will be charged on an annual basis [by deducting 
pro rata temporis [from the cash amount][●]. The quanto fee is already included in the price of the Securities in 
the secondary market.] [if applicable, insert an alternative description of the quanto fee: ●].] 
[in case of a performance fee, insert The Index Sponsor may receive a Performance Fee, the amount of which 
depends on the performance of the Underlying [compared to the highest peak in value that the Underlying has 
reached (high watermark)][compared to the highest peak in value that the Underlying has reached in the current 
year (high watermark)][exceeding [●% p.a.] [the ●] [the performance of ●].]] [This not only reduces the cash 
amount to be paid, but also has a corresponding negative effect on price in the secondary market during the 
term of the securities][●].] [if applicable, insert an alternative description of the performance fee: ●] 
[insert description of specific costs, indicating the costs included in the price in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 and/or Directive 2014/65/EU, if known: ●] 
 
4. 
Publication of information after completion of the issue 
[With the exception of the notices specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer does not intend to publish 
any information after the issue has been completed.] [insert alternative provision on the publication of information 
after completion of the issue, where applicable: ●]

--- Page 156 ---
156/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
[Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
●]

--- Page 157 ---
157/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
10. Information incorporated by reference 
In this Base Prospectus, reference is made to information pursuant to Article 19 para. 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation which represents an integral part of the Base Prospectus. The information thus incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus is identified in the following table by the mandatory information according to 
the Delegated Regulation and the name of the document (including page number) in which the relevant 
information is contained. 
 
10.1 Information incorporated by reference regarding Vontobel Financial Products GmbH (Issuer) 
MANDATORY DISCLOSURES 
UNDER THE DELEGATED REGU-
LATION 
DOCUMENT (INCORPORATED SECTION 
/ PAGE OF THE DOCUMENT) 
SECTION / PAGE IN 
THE BASE PRO-
SPECTUS 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
Responsible persons, information 
from third parties, expert reports 
and approval by the competent au-
thority (Annex 6, Section 1 of the 
Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
STATUTORY AUDITORS
Statutory auditors (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 2 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 2.4 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
RISK FACTORS
Risk factors (Annex 6, Section 3.1 
of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 1 / page 4) 
Section 2.1 /  
Page 11 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
History and development (Annex 6, 
Section 4.1 of the Delegated Regu-
lation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.1 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Legal and commercial name (An-
nex 6, Section 4.1.1 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.2 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Place of registration, registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
(LEI) (Annex 6, Section 4.1.2 of the 
Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.2 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Date of incorporation and the 
length of life (Annex 6, Section 
4.1.3 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.1 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39

--- Page 158 ---
158/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Domicile and legal form of the is-
suer, the legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, tele-
phone number of its registered of-
fice (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) 
and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the infor-
mation on the website does not 
form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus (An-
nex 6, Section 4.1.4 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.2 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Description of the expected financ-
ing of the issuer’s activities (Annex 
6, Section 4.1.8 of the Delegated 
Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.7 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities and principle 
markets (Annex 6, Section 5.1 and 
5.1.1 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.3 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Organisational structure (Annex 6, 
Section 6 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.4 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
TREND INFORMATION
Trend Information (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 7 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.5 / page 6-7) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies’ including con-
flicts of interests (Annex 6, Section 
9 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 5 / page 8) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
Major shareholders (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 10 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 4 / page 7) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Audited historical financial infor-
mation for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 Decem-
ber 2020 and their audit (Annex 6, 
Section 11.1 and 11.3 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 6 / page 10 (annual financial state-
ments as of 31.12.2020) and page 11 (an-
nual financial statements as of 
31.12.2019)); incorporated are the following 
Section 3 / Page 39

--- Page 159 ---
159/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
sections of the documents mentioned be-
low: 
Annual Financial Statements of the Is-
suer as of 31.12.2020* 
• Balance sheet as of 31 December 2020 
(page 4) 
• Income statement for the period from 
1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
(page 5) 
• Statement of cash flows (indirect 
method) (page 7) 
• Notes to the financial statements as of 
31 December 2020 (page 8-15) 
• Auditor`s report (page 23-26) 
 
Annual Financial Statements of the Is-
suer as of 31.12.2019* 
• Balance sheet as of 31 December 2019 
(page 2-3) 
• Income statement for the period from 
1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 
(page 4) 
• Statement of cash flows (indirect 
method) (page 6) 
• Notes to the financial statements as of 
31 December 2019 (page 7-14) 
• Auditor`s report (page 22-26) 
 
* Page numbers within the annual financial 
statements refer to the consecutive num-
bering of pages in the footer of the respec-
tive page. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
(Annex 6, Section 11.4 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.8 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Description of any significant 
change in the financial position (An-
nex 6, Section 11.5.1 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.6 / page 6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Share capital (Annex 6, Section 
12.1 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.1 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Memorandum and Articles of Asso-
ciation (Annex 6, Section 12.2 of 
the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.2 / page 5-6) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Material contracts (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 13.1 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 3.9 / page 7-8) 
Section 3 / Page 39 
Documents available (Annex 6, 
Section 14.1 of the Delegated Reg-
ulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Finan-
cial Products GmbH dated 21 April 2021 
(section 2.5 / page 5) 
Section 3 / Page 39

--- Page 160 ---
160/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Where reference is only made to specific sections/pages of a document, only the information contained in those 
sections or pages shall be part of the base prospectus, while the rest of the information contained in the relevant 
document is either not relevant for the investor or already included elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
10.2 Information incorporated by reference regarding Vontobel Holding AG (Guarantor) 
MANDATORY DISCLOSURES 
UNDER THE DELEGATED REGU-
LATION 
DOCUMENT (INCORPORATED SECTION 
/ PAGE OF THE DOCUMENT) 
SECTION / PAGE IN 
THE BASE PRO-
SPECTUS 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERTS’ REPORTS AND COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
Responsible persons, information 
from third parties, expert reports 
and approval by the competent au-
thority (Annex 6, Section 1 of the 
Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 2.1, 2.2 and 
2.3 / page 5) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Statutory auditors (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 2 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 2.4 / page 
6) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
RISK FACTORS
Risk factors (Annex 6, Section 3.1 
of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 1 / page 4-
5) 
Section 2.2 /  
Page 11 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE GUARANTOR 
History and development (Annex 6, 
Section 4.1 of the Delegated Regu-
lation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.1 / page 
6-7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Legal and commercial name (An-
nex 6, Section 4.1.1 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Place of registration, registration 
number and legal entity identifier 
(LEI) (Annex 6, Section 4.1.2 of the 
Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Date of incorporation and the 
length of life (Annex 6, Section 
4.1.3 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40

--- Page 161 ---
161/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Domicile and legal form of the is-
suer, the legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, the address, tele-
phone number of its registered of-
fice (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) 
and website of the issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the infor-
mation on the website does not 
form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus (An-
nex 6, Section 4.1.4 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of 
Vontobel Holding AG dated 
6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Credit ratings assigned to an issuer 
at the request or with the coopera-
tion of the issuer in the rating pro-
cess. A brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the 
rating provider (Annex 6, Section 
4.1.6 of the Delegated Regulation). 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.10 / page 
9) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Description of the expected financ-
ing of the issuer’s activities (Annex 
6, Section 4.1.8 of the Delegated 
Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.7 / page 
8) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Principal activities and principle 
markets (Annex 6, Section 5.1 and 
5.1.1 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.3 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Organisational structure (Annex 6, 
Section 6 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.4 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
TREND INFORMATION
Trend Information (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 7 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.5 / page 8)
Section 4 / Page 40 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies’ including con-
flicts of interests (Annex 6, Section 
9 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 5 / page 10-
11); Annual Report of the Guarantor as of 
31.12.2020* (Board of Directors: page 31-
43; Executive Committee: page 43-46)  
* Page numbers within the annual report re-
fer to the consecutive numbering of pages 
in the header of the respective page. 
Section 4 / Page 40 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS

--- Page 162 ---
162/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Major shareholders (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 10 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 4 / page 10) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Audited historical financial infor-
mation for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 Decem-
ber 2020 and their audit (Annex 6, 
Section 11.1 and 11.3 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Annual Report of Vontobel Holding AG as 
of 31.12.2020 and Annual Report of Vonto-
bel Holding AG as of 31.12.2019; incorpo-
rated are the following sections of the docu-
ments mentioned below: 
Annual Report of the Guarantor as of 
31.12.2020* 
Consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 
• Consolidated income statement (page 
112) 
• Consolidated statement of comprehen-
sive income (page 113) 
• Consolidated balance sheet (page 114-
115) 
• Statement of equity (page 116-117) 
• Consolidated cash flow statement (page 
118-119) 
• Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements (page 120-208) 
• Report of the statutory auditor (page 
209-213) 
Vontobel Holding AG (separate financial 
statements) 
• Income statement (page 218-219) 
• Balance sheet (page 220-221) 
• Notes to the financial statements (page 
222-225) 
• Report of the statutory auditor (page 
227-229) 
Annual Report of the Guarantor as of 
31.12.2019* 
Consolidated financial statements (IFRS) 
• Consolidated income statement (page 
120) 
• Consolidated statement of comprehen-
sive income (page 121) 
• Consolidated balance sheet (page 122-
123) 
• Statement of equity (page 124-125) 
• Consolidated cash flow statement (page 
126-127) 
• Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements (page 128-218) 
• Report of the statutory auditor (page 
219-223) 
Vontobel Holding AG (separate financial 
statements) 
• Income statement (page 228-229) 
• Balance sheet (page 230-231) 
• Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements (page 232-236) 
Section 4 / Page 40

--- Page 163 ---
163/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
• Report of the statutory auditor (page 
237-239) 
* Page numbers within the annual report re-
fer to the consecutive numbering of pages 
in the header of the respective page. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
(Annex 6, Section 11.4 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.8 / page 
8) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Description of any significant 
change in the financial position (An-
nex 6, Section 11.5.1 of the Dele-
gated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.6 / page 
8) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share capital (Annex 6, Section 
12.1 of the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 7)
Section 4 / Page 40 
Memorandum and Articles of Asso-
ciation (Annex 6, Section 12.2 of 
the Delegated Regulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.2 / page 
7) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Material contracts (Annex 6, Sec-
tion 13.1 of the Delegated Regula-
tion) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 3.9 / page 
9) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Documents available (Annex 6, 
Section 14.1 of the Delegated Reg-
ulation) 
Registration Document of Vontobel Holding 
AG dated 6 April 2021 (section 2.5 / page 
6) 
Section 4 / Page 40 
Where reference is only made to specific sections/pages of a document, only the information contained in those 
sections or pages shall be part of the base prospectus, while the rest of the information contained in the relevant 
document is either not relevant for the investor or already included elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
10.3 Other information incorporated by reference 
Furthermore, in this Base Prospectus reference is made to various base prospectuses, from which the following 
information is incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 para. 1 of the Prospectus Regulation in 
this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Incorporated section/ Page(s) 
Section/Page(s) in the Base Pro-
spectus 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certif-
icates and Open End Tracker Cer-
tificates dated 26 June 2020 
Section 7. and 11. / Pages 125-213 
and 255-261 
Section 6.6 / Page 67, Section 6.10 
/ Page 68 
Supplement dated 3 July 2020 
to the Base Prospectus dated 26 
June 2020  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 16 Septem-
ber 2020 to the Base Prospectus 
dated 26 June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170

--- Page 164 ---
164/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Supplement dated 19 October 
2020 to the Base Prospectus 
dated 26 June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 9 November 
2020 to the Base Prospectus 
dated 26 June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 6 January 
2021 to the Base Prospectus 
dated 26 June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 2 March 2021 
to the Base Prospectus dated 26 
June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 6 April 2021 
to the Base Prospectus dated 26 
June 2020 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certif-
icates and Open End Tracker Cer-
tificates dated 10 July 2019 
Section 8. and 12. / Pages 125-213 
and 255-261 
Section 6.6 / Page 67 
Supplement dated 27 Septem-
ber 2019 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2019 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 15 November 
2019 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2019 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 30 January 
2020 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2019 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 4 May 2020 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2019 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certif-
icates and Open End Tracker Cer-
tificates dated 13 August 2018 
Section 8. and 12. / Pages 125-213 
and 255-261 
Section 6.6 / Page 67 
Supplement dated 24 Septem-
ber 2018 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170

--- Page 165 ---
165/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Supplement dated 24 October 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 21 November 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 2 January 
2019 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 2 May 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 13 May 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 27 May 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 12 June 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
Sections 2 / Pages 6 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170

--- Page 166 ---
166/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Au-
gust 2018  
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certif-
icates and Open End Tracker Cer-
tificates dated 13 September 2017 
Section VIII. and XII. / Pages 125-
213 and 255-261 
Section 6.6 / Page 67 
Supplement dated 2 February 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 of the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Sep-
tember 2017  
Sections II / Pages 2 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Supplement dated 26 June 2018 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 
of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierpro-
spektgesetz) (in the version ap-
plicable until 20 July 2019) to the 
Base Prospectus dated 13 Sep-
tember 2017  
Sections II / Pages 2 et seq. 
Section 13 / Page 170 
Where reference is only made to specific sections/pages of a document, only the information contained in those 
sections or pages shall be part of the base prospectus, while the rest of the information contained in the relevant 
document is either not relevant for the investor or already included elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
 
10.4 Hyperlink to the respective document 
A hyperlink to the respective document is included in the following: 
DOCUMENT 
HYPERLINK 
Registration Document dated 21 
April 2021 of Vontobel Financial 
Products GmbH 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectusadditionaldocument/58.pdf 
Registration Document dated 6 April 
2021 of Vontobel Holding AG 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectusadditionaldocument/56.pdf
Annual Report of Vontobel Holding AG 
as of 31.12.2020 
https://www.vontobel.com/siteassets/about-
vontobel/downloads/2021-02-11_fr_full-year-report_en.pdf  
Annual Report of Vontobel Holding AG 
as of 31.12.2019 
https://www.vontobel.com/siteassets/about-
vontobel/downloads/2020-02-12_fr_full-year-report_en.pdf 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certifi-
cates and Open End Tracker Certifi-
cates dated 26 June 2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectus/69.pdf  
Supplement dated 3 July 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 
2020  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/6.pdf 
Supplement dated 16 September 
2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/48.pdf 
Supplement dated 19 October 2020 
to the Base Prospectus dated 26 
June 2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/53.pdf

--- Page 167 ---
167/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Supplement dated 9 November 
2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/71.pdf 
Supplement dated 6 January 2021 
to the Base Prospectus dated 26 
June 2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/58.pdf 
Supplement dated 2 March 2021 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 
2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/63.pdf 
Supplement dated 6 April 2021 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 
2020 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/75.pdf 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certifi-
cates and Open End Tracker Certifi-
cates dated 10 July 2019 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectus/57.pdf  
Supplement dated 27 September 
2019 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 
1 of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierprospektge-
setz) (in the version applicable until 
20 July 2019) to the Base Prospec-
tus dated 10 July 2019 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/72.pdf  
Supplement dated 15 November 
2019 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 
1 of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierprospektge-
setz) (in the version applicable until 
20 July 2019) to the Base Prospec-
tus dated 10 July 2019 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/73.pdf  
Supplement dated 30 January 2020 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
10 July 2019 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/74.pdf   
Supplement dated 4 May 2020 pur-
suant to Section 16 Para. 1 of the 
German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in the 
version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
10 July 2019 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/24.pdf 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certifi-
cates and Open End Tracker Certifi-
cates dated 13 August 2018 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectus/49.pdf  
Supplement dated 24 September 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 
1 of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierprospektge-
setz) (in the version applicable until 
20 July 2019) to the Base Prospec-
tus dated 13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/32.pdf 
Supplement dated 24 October 2018 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/39.pdf

--- Page 168 ---
168/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
Supplement dated 21 November 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 
1 of the German Securities Pro-
spectus Act (Wertpapierprospektge-
setz) (in the version applicable until 
20 July 2019) to the Base Prospec-
tus dated 13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/40.pdf 
Supplement dated 2 January 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/41.pdf 
Supplement dated 2 May 2019 pur-
suant to Section 16 Para. 1 of the 
German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in the 
version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/42.pdf 
Supplement dated 13 May 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/32.pdf 
Supplement dated 27 May 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/44.pdf 
Supplement dated 12 June 2019 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 August 2018  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/45.pdf 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certifi-
cates and Open End Tracker Certifi-
cates dated 13 September 2017 
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectus/40.pdf  
Supplement dated 2 February 2018 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 September 2017  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/30.pdf

--- Page 169 ---
169/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Supplement dated 26 June 2018 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 of 
the German Securities Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) (in 
the version applicable until 20 July 
2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 
13 September 2017  
https://derinet.vontobel.ch/baseprospectussupplement/31.pdf

--- Page 170 ---
170/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
 
11. Description of the taxation of the Securities 
11.1 General description  
The tax legislation of the Member State of the investor and of the Member State of incorporation of the Issuer 
may affect the income generated by the Securities. 
Each potential investor should seek advice from a representative of the tax advisory profession with respect to 
the tax implication of acquiring, holding and selling the Securities; this includes the tax treatment in Germany, 
Austria, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, Norway, The Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland 
and the United States and each country in which the investor has his domicile or is otherwise taxable. 
11.2 Description of the taxation in connection with the U.S. withholding tax pursuant to section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") and the provisions issued thereunder stipulate that 
for certain financial instruments (such as for the Securities) a withholding tax (of up to 30% depending on the 
application of income tax treaties) shall be imposed if the payment (or deemed payment) on the financial instru-
ments is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the 
United States.  
Pursuant to these U.S. legal provisions, certain payments (or deemed payments) under certain equity-linked 
instruments that refer to the performance of U.S. equities or certain indices that contain U.S. equities, as an 
Underlying or a Basket Component, shall be treated as dividend equivalents ("Dividend Equivalents") and shall 
be subject to U.S. withholding tax of 30% (or a lower income tax treaties rate). This tax liability shall apply 
even if pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities no actual dividend-related amount is paid 
or an adjustment is made and thus investors can only determine with difficulty or not at all any connec-
tion to the payments to be made in respect of the Securities.  
It is thus possible that these U.S. provisions also apply to the Securities, particularly if an Underlying or a Basket 
Component contains dividends from sources within the United States. In such case U.S. withholding tax may be 
due, pursuant to the relevant US provisions, on payments (or deemed payments) made in respect of Securities 
issued (or whose features have been modified significantly) after 1 January 2017 (however, the implementation 
rules issued for the U.S. provisions stipulate that the tax liability will be phased in, not commencing until 1 Jan-
uary 2023 for some securities).  
The Issuer intends, if possible, to take any tax liability pursuant to section 871(m) into account in original 
and continuous pricing of the Securities and to comply with the withholding obligation using provisions 
that have to be made accordingly. For Securities structured in such a way that expected dividends cannot be 
factored into original pricing, the Issuer takes the tax liability into account in its continuous adjustment of amounts 
such as the underlying price to dividends paid and other factors. Investors should note that compliance with tax 
liability in this manner precludes the issue of tax certificates for tax payments rendered for individual investors 
and that no potential tax refund pursuant to the relevant U.S. provisions may be claimed either. Moreover, a 
30% tax rate is generally applied, also when taking account of the tax liability in continuously adjusting amounts, 
due to the necessity of using a uniform rate for all investors in all cases mentioned.  
If, however, on the basis of section 871(m), an amount of interest, principal or other payments on the Securities 
is deducted or withheld, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent or other person pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities would be obliged to pay additional amounts to the Security Holders as a result of the 
deduction or withholding, in which case the Security Holders would thus potentially receive less interest or 
principal than expected. In the worst case, any payments to be made in respect of the Security would be reduced 
to zero (0) or the amount of tax due would even exceed the payments to be made in respect of the Security (the 
latter situation may also arise if the Securities were to expire worthless and no payment was made to investors).

--- Page 171 ---
171/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
12. Selling restrictions 
12.1 Introduction 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer of the Securities may be subject to legal restrictions in 
certain countries. This may, in particular, concern the offer, sale, holding and/or delivery of securities as well 
as the distribution, publication and holding of the Base Prospectus. Persons who gain access to the securities 
and/or the Base Prospectus are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
Except for the publication and filing of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and/or the respective 
Final Terms in the Federal Republic of Germany and in the countries to which the Base Prospectus has been 
notified, the Issuer has not taken and will not take any action to make the public offer of the securities or the 
holding or distribution of offer documents relating to the securities permissible in any jurisdiction where special 
measures would be required for this purpose. 
The Securities and the Base Prospectus may only be distributed within a jurisdiction provided that this is done 
in accordance with the laws in force in that jurisdiction and that no obligations arise for the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Offeror in this respect. In particular, the Base Prospectus may not be used by anyone for the purpose 
of an offer or advertisement (a) in a country where the offer or advertisement is not authorised, but where it is 
necessary and/or (b) to or towards a person to whom such an offer or advertisement may not lawfully be made. 
Neither the Base Prospectus, nor any supplement thereto, nor the relevant Final Terms constitutes an offer or 
invitation to any person to purchase securities and should not be construed as a recommendation by the Issuer 
or the Offeror to purchase securities. 
12.2 European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, any person offering the Securities has 
represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in a Member State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in a Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms relating to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other-
wise than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-Exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such Securities which has 
been approved by the competent authority of that Member State or, where applicable, approved in an-
other Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that the Base 
Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Of-
fer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in the Base Prospectus and Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purposes of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to persons who are qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the respective dealer or dealers nom-
inated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any person offering the 
Securities under an obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the term "offer of the Securities to the public", in relation to any Securities 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information about 
the conditions of the offer and the Securities to be offered to enable an investor to decide whether to purchase 
or subscribe the Securities and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
12.3 Belgium 
Securities in bearer form 
Securities in bearer form (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in 
bearer form underlying the Securities) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, 
a depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian 
Law of 14 December 2005. 
Securities with a maturity of less than 12 months 
With regard to Securities having a maturity of less than 12 months (and which therefore fall outside the scope 
of the Prospectus Directive), this Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for 
approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, the Securities may not be 
subjected to any action that would be characterised as or result in a public offering of these Securities in

--- Page 172 ---
172/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Belgium in accordance with the Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended or replaced from 
time to time. 
12.4 Denmark 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to Denmark: 
No Securities may be offered to the public in Denmark nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
Denmark unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the Danish 
Financial Services Authority (Finanstilsynet) being the competent authority or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant Member State and such competent authority has notified the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority in accordance with the Prospectus Directive and the Danish Securities Trading Act and the relevant 
executive orders cf. chapter 6 or (ii) an exemption from the prospectus requirements is available pursuant to 
the Danish Securities Trading Act and the relevant executive orders. 
12.5 Finland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to Finland: 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that a public offer is made in Finland, the offering of the Securities has 
not been prepared to comply with the standards and requirements applicable under Finnish law, including the 
Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012) as amended and it has not been approved by the Finnish Financial 
Supervisory Authority. Accordingly, the Securities cannot, directly or indirectly, be offered or sold in Finland 
other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland, including the Finnish Securities 
Market Act (746/2012) and any regulation issued thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to 
time. 
12.6 France 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to France. 
An offer of Securities to the public in France may only be made and will only be made following the notification 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus to the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") by the BaFin, all in 
accordance with Articles L.411-1, L.412-2, L. 412-1 and L.621-8 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and the Règlement général of the AMF. 
Where an issue, offer or sale of Securities is effected in respect of an exception to the public offer rules in 
France by way of an offer or a sale exclusively addressed to (a) persons providing investment services relating 
to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de 
gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) other than 
individuals acting for their own account and/or (iii) a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint 
d’investisseurs) providing that these investors are acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, and D.411-1, D.411-4, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, these qualified investors or these investors must be informed that:  
• this issue, offer or sale of Securities does not require a prospectus to be submitted to the AMF;  
• they can only invest in the Securities for their own account or for account of third parties in the 
conditions specified in article D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
• the direct or indirect offer or sale, to the public in France, of Securities so purchased can be 
made only in accordance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, and D.411-1, D.411-4, D.734-1, D.744-
1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
12.7 Italy 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to Italy: 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial 
Regulator (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, the financial intermediary in charge of the offering, if any, has represented and 
agreed, and each further financial intermediary appointed under the Base Prospectus and each other dealer 
will be required to represent and agree, that no Securities may be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or de-
livered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms 
or any other document relating to the Securities be distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic 
of Italy, except:

--- Page 173 ---
173/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
(1) 
if it is specified that an offer (that does not fall under an exemption pursuant to the Prospectus Directive) 
may be made to the public in the Republic of Italy, that it may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute 
copies of any prospectus relating to the Securities, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved 
in another Relevant Member State and notified for the offering in Italy in compliance with the provisions 
set forth by article 98, paragraph 2 of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended from time to time ("Italian Financial Services Act"); and (ii) completed by final terms (if ap-
plicable) expressly contemplating such offer, in the twelve months period of validity of the Base Pro-
spectus commencing on the date of its approval, in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, as imple-
mented in the Republic of Italy under the Italian Financial Services Act and the CONSOB Issuers 
Regulation; 
(2) 
with regard to an offer to "Qualified Investors" (Investitori Qualificati) as defined pursuant to article 100, 
paragraph 1 a) of Italian Financial Services Act, and the combined provisions of article 34-ter paragraph 
1. letter b) of the CONSOB Issuers Regulation, and article 26 paragraph 1 d) of the CONSOB Regulation 
No. 16190 of 29 October 2007, as amended from time to time ("CONSOB Intermediaries Regulation"); 
or 
(3)  
in any other circumstances where an express applicable exemption from compliance with the restrictions 
on the offer of financial products to the public applies, as provided under the Italian Financial Services 
Act and/or CONSOB Issuers Regulation and any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (1), (2) or (3) above must 
be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Intermediaries Regu-
lation and the Italian legislative decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time 
(the "Italian Banking Act"); and any other applicable law and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any securities, tax exchange control and any other applicable laws and regulations 
including any limitation or notifications requirements which may be imposed from time to time by CON-
SOB or the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 
of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 
to time) and/or any other Italian competent authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy  
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Securities in the Republic of Italy, Article 
100-bis of Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, where the Securities are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then system-
atically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of 
Securities who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances 
be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at 
whose premises the Securities were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 applies. 
12.8 The Netherlands 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to The Netherlands: 
Unless relevant Final Terms specify that a public offer is made in the Netherlands, the Securities have not and 
shall not been admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating in the Netherlands nor be offered, 
sold, transferred or delivered to the public in the Netherlands, unless (1) a prospectus in relation to the 
Securities has been approved by the competent authority in the Netherlands or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Relevant Member State and such competent authority has notified the competent authority in the 
Netherlands, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive and the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht) or (2) in respect of such offering to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on (the 
Dutch implementation of) Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive and provided: 
(a) 
such offer is made exclusively to qualified investors (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of 
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act in the Netherlands; or 
(b) 
standard logo and exemption wording are incorporated in the Final Terms, advertisements and 
documents in which the offer is announced, as required by article 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial Supervision 
Act; or 
(c) 
such offer is otherwise made in circumstances in which article 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act is not applicable.

--- Page 174 ---
174/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
12.9 Norway 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to Norway: 
No Securities may be offered to the public in Norway nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Norway 
unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the Financial Supervisory 
Authority of Norway or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and such competent 
authority has notified the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Directive and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act; or (b) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
12.10 
Slovakia 
No Securities may be offered to the public in Slovakia nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Slovakia, 
unless the Prospectus has been approved by the National Bank of Slovakia ("NBS") or has been approved in 
another Member State and duly notified to the NBS in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, or an 
exemption to publish prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and the Slovak Act no.566/2001 Coll. on 
Securities is available. 
12.11 
Sweden 
In addition to the restrictions described in the selling restrictions for the European Economic Area (see 
section 12.2 of the Base Prospectus), the following matters should be noted with respect to Sweden: 
No Securities may be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading on a regulated market in Sweden 
unless and until (a) a prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the competent authority 
in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and such competent authority 
has notified the competent authority in Sweden, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive and the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act; or (b) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus 
is available under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act. 
12.12 
Restrictions outside the EEA 
In a jurisdiction outside the EEA, the Securities may be publicly offered only in compliance with all applicable 
rules and regulations in force in such jurisdiction, to the extent that this takes place in accordance with the 
regulations applicable in each case and other relevant provisions and to the extent that neither the Issuer nor 
the Offeror enters into any obligations in this respect. 
12.13 
Switzerland 
In addition to the selling restrictions described for offers outside the EEA (see section 12.12 of the Base 
Prospectus), the following conditions must be observed in Switzerland: 
An offer of these Securities in Switzerland may be prepared in accordance with the applicable rules and 
regulations in Switzerland, including, but not limited to, the regulations issued by the Swiss Federal Banking 
Commission and / or the Swiss National Bank in respect of the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Securities 
or the dissemination of sales documents relating to such securities in Switzerland. 
12.14 
United Kingdom 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under The UK Prospectus Regulation 
In relation to the United Kingdom, any person offering the Securities has represented and agreed that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom other 
than the offers contemplated in the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), and provided that the Issuer has consented in 
writing to use of the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto for any such offers, 
except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation), as permitted under the UK Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the respective dealer or dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)  in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA"), 
provided that no such offer of Securities shall require the Issuer or any person offering the Securities to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 175 ---
175/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Any Authorised Offeror of Securities will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a)  in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
12.15 
USA 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee in respect of obligations in relation to the Securities has been or will 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and neither 
the Securities nor the Guarantee may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
Trading in the Securities has not been and will not be approved by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act or by any other state securities 
commission nor has the Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any other state securities commission 
passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may not be used 
in the United States and may not be delivered in the United States. 
The Securities will not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, traded or delivered within the United States or to 
or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
Each offeror is required to agree that it will not offer or sell the Securities as part of their distribution at any time 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act). 
The term "United States" as used herein means the United States of America, its territories or possessions, 
any state of the United States, the District of Columbia or any other enclave of the United States government, 
its agencies or instrumentalities. 
12.16 
Hong Kong 
Each offeror of Securities represents and agrees that:  
(1)  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) laws of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (a) to "professional investors" within the 
meaning of Part 1 of Schedule 1 of the SFO and any rules made there under; or (b) in other circumstances 
which do not require a document that is a "prospectus" or do not result in any document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) laws of Hong 
Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public or an invitation of offers by the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(2)  
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed r 
read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other 
than with respect to the Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made there under. 
12.17 
Singapore 
Each offeror of Securities acknowledges that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each offeror has represented, warranted

--- Page 176 ---
176/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
and agreed that it has not offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the Securities to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a)  
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3)  
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5)  
as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and 
Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore.

--- Page 177 ---
177/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
13. List of Vontobel Strategy Indices and Dynamic Baskets 
The Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
respectively to the following proprietary Vontobel Strategy Indices or Dynamic Baskets as the underlying or 
basket constituent(s). 
 
Alternative Money Market EUR Strategy Index 
The required information about the Alternative Money Market EUR Strategy Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 4 May 
2020 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 July 2019 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Aqua Index 
The required information about the Aqua Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 
of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Aqua II Index 
The required information about the Aqua II Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 
of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Disruptors Index 
The required information about the Disruptors Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 
19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 
26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Disruptors Index II (CHF) 
The required information about the Disruptors Index II (CHF) is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
e-Commerce Index 
The required information about the e-Commerce Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
e-Commerce Index II 
The required information about the e-Commerce Index II is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
ELIA IA Fixed Income Opportunities EUR Index 
The required information about the ELIA IA Fixed Income Opportunities EUR Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 16 
September 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
ELIA IA Fixed Income Opportunities USD Index 
The required information about the ELIA IA Fixed Income Opportunities USD Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 16 
September 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
ELIA IA Greek Equity Opportunities Index

--- Page 178 ---
178/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The required information about the ELIA IA Greek Equity Opportunities Index is incorporated by reference 
in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 2 March 2021 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Family Influenced Businesses Index 
The required information about the Family Influenced Businesses Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Family Influenced Businesses Index II (CHF) 
The required information about the Family Influenced Businesses Index II (CHF) is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 
November 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
First Solutions CED Dynamic Allocation Index 
The required information about the First Solutions CED Dynamic Allocation Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 6 
January 2021 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
First Solutions Multi Thematic Trends Index I 
The required information about the First Solutions Multi Thematic Trends Index I is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 6 April 
2021 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker 
Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Gigant High Income Emerging Market Bond Strategy Index 
The required information about the Gigant High Income Emerging Market Bond Strategy Index is 
incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement 
dated 24 October 2018 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) 
to the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates 
(see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Global Leaders Equity Index 
The required information about the Global Leaders Equity Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 6 January 2021 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 
10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Global Quality Dividend Achievers Index 
The required information about the Global Quality Dividend Achievers Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Global Quality Dividend Achievers Index II 
The required information about the Global Quality Dividend Achievers Index IIis incorporated by reference 
in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Impact For Good Index 
The required information about the Impact For Good Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus).

--- Page 179 ---
179/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
Impact For Good II Index 
The required information about the Impact For Good II Index is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
NextGen Brands Index 
The required information about the NextGen Brands Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
NextGen Brands II Index 
The required information about the NextGen Brands II Index is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Power of Diversiy Index 
The required information about the Power of Diversiy Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Power of Diversiy II Index 
The required information about the Power of Diversiy II Index is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Reuss Europa Small & Midcap Index 
The required information about the Reuss Europa Small & Midcap Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 3 July 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Reuss Private Fixed Income Opportunity EUR Index 
The required information about the Reuss Private Fixed Income Opportunity EUR Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 12 June 
2019 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 
10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Smart Farming & FoodTech Index 
The required information about the Smart Farming & FoodTech Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Smart Farming & FoodTech II Index 
The required information about the Smart Farming & FoodTech II Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to 
the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Sturhahn Sustainability Index 
The required information about the Sturhahn Sustainability Index is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 2 January 2019 pursuant to Section 
16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 
2018 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus).

--- Page 180 ---
180/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
The Era of Robotics Index 
The required information about the The Era of Robotics Index is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
The Era of Robotics Index II 
The required information about the The Era of Robotics Index II is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 9 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 
of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Belt and Road High Yield Index, advised by CCBIAM 
The required information about the Vontobel Belt and Road High Yield Index, advised by CCBIAM is 
incorporated by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement 
dated 3 July 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End 
Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel China New Vision Index 
The required information about the Vontobel China New Vision Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 2 March 2021 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Cloud Computing Equity Index 
The required information about the Vontobel Cloud Computing Equity Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 19 October 2020 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel E-Sports & Gaming Index 
The required information about the Vontobel E-Sports & Gaming Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 19 October 2020 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Gene Therapy Performance Index 
The required information about the Vontobel Gene Therapy Performance Index is incorporated by reference 
in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 26 June 2018 
pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base Prospectus 
dated 13 September 2017 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of 
the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Smart Healthcare Index 
The required information about the Vontobel Smart Healthcare Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 19 October 2020 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Swiss ESG Research Index 
The required information about the Vontobel Swiss ESG Research Index is incorporated by reference in 
accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 6 January 2021 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus). 
Vontobel Swiss Smart Dividend Performance Index 
The required information about the Vontobel Swiss Smart Dividend Performance Index is incorporated by 
reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 2 February 
2018 pursuant to Section 16 Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 September 2017 for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see 
chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus).

--- Page 181 ---
181/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
VT Opportunities Index 
The required information about the VT Opportunities Index is incorporated by reference in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation from the supplement dated 24 October 2018 pursuant to Section 16 
Para. 1 WpPG (in the version applicable until 20 July 2019) to the Base Prospectus dated 13 August 2018 
for Tracker Certificates and Open-End Tracker Certificates (see chapter 10 of the Base Prospectus).

--- Page 182 ---
182/182 
Base Prospectus for Tracker Certificates  
04.06.2021 
 
14. List of Securities with a continuation of the public offer 
 
DE000VN9CHA9 
DE000VS0QCA4 
DE000VN9DES6 
DE000VS0RRR4 
DE000VN9CG96 
DE000VN9CHD3 
DE000VN9CHF8 
DE000VN9DSD8 
DE000VN9C4A4 
DE000VN9C394 
DE000VN9C386 
DE000VN9C4B2 
DE000VN9DZX1 
DE000VN9D1Q5 
DE000VN9EGF6 
DE000VN9EGG4 
DE000VN9EGH2 
SE0012013191 
DE000VF2KQD2 
DE000VF2KQB6 
DE000VF2KQC4 
DE000VF3SEM0 
DE000VF53SZ8 
SE0012827541 
SE0013233665 
DE000VE2TG69 
DE000VP2HYR0 
DE000VP11FY5 
DE000VP4P7A2 
DE000VP34711 
DE000VP8BFK4 
DE000VP9FSU5 
DE000VP9JQJ4 
DE000VP9JQK2 
DE000VP9VZQ5 
DE000VP9VZL6 
DE000VP9VNM0 
DE000VP9VRZ3 
DE000VQ1K3Y7 
DE000VQ1ZMN7 
DE000VQ1ZMS6 
DE000VQ1ZMQ0 
DE000VQ1ZMP2 
DE000VQ1XGK0 
DE000VQ1ZMR8 
DE000VQ1ZMK3 
DE000VQ1ZMT4 
DE000VQ20GL9 
DE000VQ27QD0 
DE000VQ59HS0 
DE000VQ51WU2 
DE000VQ3NCU5 
DE000VQ7N723 
DE000VQ7N4G3