--- Page 1 ---
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities within 
the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft. 
Base Prospectus 
8 August 2023 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany 
as Issuer 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may 
from time to time issue bearer notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the "Notes", including 
mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) (the "Pfandbriefe")). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the 
Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities 
of the Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined 
below, see "General description of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final 
Terms") within the meaning of Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the "BaFin") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The BaFin only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer has requested the BaFin to provide the competent authority of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") 
with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer may request the BaFin to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA") with such notification. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and to be admitted to trading on the markets of the 
Baden-Wuerttemberg Stock Exchange Stuttgart (Baden-Württembergische Wertpapierbörse Börse Stuttgart, regulierter Markt). 
The Baden-Wuerttemberg Stock Exchange Stuttgart regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may also be listed on any other stock 
exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Issuer's parent 
company (www.ww-ag.com  Investor Relations  Anleihen  Emissionen der Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 8 August 2024. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where 
such offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") and subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure 
to risks and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial 
condition. Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 10 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft, in its capacity as Issuer and, in respect of Series of Notes intended 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market, also as the person asking for such admission to trading, with its 
registered office in Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will 
be contained in any Final Terms. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft also accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus with 
respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes by any financial intermediary which was given 
consent to use the Base Prospectus. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
If the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes specify that the Notes will be distributed by way of public offer 
and with regard to such public offer only, the respective Dealer or Dealers (as defined in "General Description of 
the Programme" and specified in the relevant Final Terms), as the case may be, also accept responsibility for the 
information contained in and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and for the information which will 
be contained in the relevant Final Terms, and confirm that to the best of their knowledge the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
NOTICE
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full 
information on the Issuer and any Tranche of any Series of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of the Base Prospectus as supplemented and the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft, in its capacity as arranger (the "Arranger"), or any Dealer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and regulations 
thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to 
Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and 
Sale - Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of 
an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation 
to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any 
Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified 
in the respective Final Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial 
rounding and therefore do not necessarily add up exactly to the respective totals or subtotals. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinized or approved by the BaFin unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus. 
GREEN BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that 
promote environmental purposes ("Eligible Green Assets"). Wüstenrot & Württembergische Group ("W&W 
Group") has established a framework under which Wüstenrot & Württembergische AG and all of its subsidiaries 
including the Issuer may issue such Notes and which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green 
Assets (the "Green Bond Framework") based on the recommendations included in the voluntary process 
guidelines for issuing green bonds published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA 
Green Bond Principles 2021"). 
Pursuant to the recommendation in the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 that external assurance is obtained to 
confirm alignment with the key features of the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021, at the request of the Issuer, the 
advisory and rating provider Sustainalytics ("Sustainalytics") has issued a second party opinion dated 17 March 
2023 in relation to the W&W Group's Green Bond Framework (the "Sustainalytics Opinion"). The provider of the 
Sustainalytics Opinion and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Sustainalytics Opinion and any such other opinion or certification is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued 
and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. 
For a summary of the Green Bond Framework please refer to the section "Green Bond Framework" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Sustainalytics Opinion are incorporated into or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to 
the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investor. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Green 
Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Assets, any verification of whether any Eligible Asset meets the criteria set 
out in the Green Bond Framework or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
(THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under certain Notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation

--- Page 5 ---
5 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). 
In case Notes are issued which make reference to another benchmark or in case there was a change to any of the 
above named benchmarks, the applicable Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the 
relevant administrator. In such case, the applicable Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is 
included in the ESMA register or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as stabilisation manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilisation manager) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that 
does not relate to present or historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results 
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. Statements made using the words "assumes", 
"anticipates", "believes", "contemplates", "continues", "could", "estimates", "expects", "intends", "in its estimation", 
"is likely", "may", "plans", "predicts", "projects", "targets", "will" or the negative of these words indicate forward-
looking statements. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on 
future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and 
profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition and 
results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been 
assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a number of 
risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus 
to become inaccurate. 
In light of these uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any 
forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................. 7
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................... 10
1. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ....................................................................... 10
2. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES ........................................................................ 13
ISSUE PROCEDURES ......................................................................................................................... 23
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 25
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes (other 
than Pfandbriefe) ........................................................................................................................... 27
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Floating Rate Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) .. 57
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe and Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe ..................................................................................................................................... 93
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions that apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe............................. 111
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 136
WÜSTENROT BAUSPARKASSE AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT .......................................................... 165
USE OF PROCEEDS.......................................................................................................................... 173
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK .......................................................................................................... 174
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 177
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 181
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................ 186
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................... 188
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................... 190

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") which may be placed by a group (syndicate) of 
underwriting institutions, by individual (non-syndicated) institutions or directly by the Issuer. Such institutions may be 
members of a group of institutions underwriting an issue of Notes or may underwrite Notes on the basis of a bilateral 
agreement. However, the Issuer may appoint other or further institutions for the purpose of underwriting Notes as dealers 
under the Programme or as dealers to underwrite single tranches (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). In the 
event of underwriting by one or more institutions, the names and addresses of those institutions will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
If Notes are underwritten by a group of underwriting institutions or by individual institutions, the Issuer will enter into a 
subscription agreement with such institution for the purpose of underwriting. The underwriting institutions will receive a 
commission for the underwriting and placing, if any, of the Notes, details of such commission as well as when the 
underwriting agreement has been or will be reached will be set forth in the Final Terms. The Issuer will make certain 
representations and warranties to the institutions in the subscription agreement and will agree to be liable for any damage 
or loss incurred by the institutions in connection with a breach of such representations and warranties. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft acts as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent"), unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft acts as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount from time to time by way of supplement to this Base Prospectus which is subject to approval of the 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht as the competent authority. 
Base Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final 
Terms; or (2) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted to trading on a regulated market of, any member 
state of the European Economic Area, in such form as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issues of Notes 
The Notes will not be issued in the form of registered notes (Namensschuldverschreibungen) but as notes in bearer form 
only within the meaning of § 793 of the German Civil Code (BGB) (Inhaberschuldverschreibungen). 
The Notes may be issued as senior Notes (including mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) ("Pfandbriefe")) or 
subordinated Notes ("Subordinated Note") (except for Pfandbriefe). In addition, senior Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) 
may be issued as preferred senior notes ("Preferred Senior Notes") or non-preferred senior notes ("Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes"). 
Pfandbriefe can also be issued as Jumbo-Pfandbriefe ("Jumbo-Pfandbriefe"), if their aggregate nominal amount is equal 
to or exceeds EUR 1 billion. 
Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may be issued as (i) fixed rate notes ("Fixed 
Rate Notes"), (ii) step-up notes ("Step-Up Notes"), (iii) step-down notes ("Step-down Notes"), (iv) zero coupon notes 
("Zero Coupon Notes") or (v) floating rate notes ("Floating Rate Notes"). 
Pfandbriefe may be issued as (i) fixed rate Pfandbriefe ("Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe"), (ii) zero coupon Pfandbriefe ("Zero 
Coupon Pfandbriefe") or (iii) floating rate Pfandbriefe ("Floating Rate Pfandbriefe"). Jumbo-Pfandbriefe will only provide 
for fixed rate interest payable annually in arrear. 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest (if any) and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in 
the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be 
determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors 
which are received by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. An extension or shortening of the subscription 
period will be disclosed to the investors as set out in the relevant Final Terms. Orders will specify a minimum yield and 
may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, 
and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of 
the issue of Notes.1 Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, 
Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche of a Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The yield for Notes and Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest (if 
any) on a daily basis. 
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
Form of Notes 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that (i) the Notes will be issued in accordance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163–
5 (c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D-Rules"); or (ii) the Notes will be issued in accordance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163–5 
(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C-Rules"). 
Series of Notes with respect to which the TEFRA C-Rules (as further described under the heading "Subscription and Sale 
- Selling Restrictions – United States of America") apply will be represented by a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note"). 
Series of Notes with respect to which the TEFRA D-Rules (as further described under the heading "Subscription and Sale 
- Selling Restrictions – United States of America") apply will initially be represented by a temporary global note (each a 
"Temporary Global Note"). The Temporary Global Note will be exchanged for a Permanent Global Note not earlier than 
40 days after the date on which such Temporary Global Note is issued and upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership thereof or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations in accordance with the terms of such Temporary 
Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to 
qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Issuer has requested the BaFin to provide the competent authority in Luxembourg with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may 
request the BaFin to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the European Economic Area 
with such notification. The Notes may be offered to the public in Germany and, following any such notification, in 
Luxembourg and in any such other additional host member state. 
1 
In case of non-preferred senior and subordinated (Tier 2) Notes to be distributed to retail clients, the minimum denomination will be 
EUR 50,000.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See section "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
Admission to Trading 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and to be admitted to trading on the markets 
of the Baden-Wuerttemberg Stock Exchange Stuttgart (Baden-Württembergische Wertpapierbörse Börse Stuttgart, 
regulierter Markt), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission and may be made on 
any other regulated market in a Member State of the EEA. 
The Baden-Wuerttemberg Stock Exchange Stuttgart's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of 
regulated markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may also be listed on any other stock 
exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. In the case of Jumbo-Pfandbriefe, an application will always be 
made to list the Jumbo-Pfandbriefe on a regulated market. 
Stock Exchange Listings 
The Issuer will apply for issues to be admitted to German or other European stock exchanges on an ongoing basis, if such 
stock exchanges have been specified in the applicable Final Terms. If in relation to an offer or admission to trading of notes 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted 
to trading, this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a description of the principal risk factors which are specific and material to the Issuer and the Notes in 
order to enable prospective investors to assess the risks associated with investing in the Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should be aware that the risks described may correlate and thus intensify one another. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most 
material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are 
mentioned first. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks resulting directly from the Issuer's business activities 
Credit Risks 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risks, i.e. the loss in value, or alternatively partial or complete write-down, of a receivable 
as a result of default or deterioration in the creditworthiness of counterparties, borrowers, issuers or other debtors of the 
Issuer. Credit risk comprises counterparty risk and credit rating risk. 
The risk of counterparty defaults may arise both via direct contractual relationships (e.g. granting a loan, purchase of a 
bond) and indirectly, e.g. via hedging obligations (in particular granting a guarantee, sale of hedging via a credit derivative). 
The default risk in connection with granting loans is particularly high. If such risk crystallises, the Issuer may not receive 
any interest or repayment amounts form the defaulting counterparty under the affected loan. The same applies to the 
default of a counterparty to a credit derivative or any other derivative. 
A worsening of the economic environment or the Russia-Ukraine war as described below, could particularly affect financial 
institutions such as the Issuer to the extent affected by higher defaults on loans or impairments of securities or because, 
in the case of a material worsening of the economic environment, a substantial need for impairments in respect of real 
estate loan portfolios may occur or a substantial volume of customer deposits may be withdrawn. 
Credit rating risk refers to the fact that the rating applied to a counterparty; e.g. a mortgage borrower, which indicates his 
or her ability to fulfil timely payment of principal and interest, may deteriorate due to individual (borrower specific) 
circumstances. 
Loan defaults or deterioration in the creditworthiness by individual or several borrowers can have a considerable negative 
impact on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage). The 
more borrowers, counterparties, issuers or other debtors of the Issuer deteriorate in their creditworthiness or even default, 
the higher the probability that the investors will in turn suffer a partial or even total loss of their invested capital amount. 
Collective Risks 
Collective risks mean potential losses in the Issuer's home savings business which may result from changes in customer 
behaviour not related to market rates utilising the existing product options and other options. Such changes in the home 
savings business may include a suspension or disruption of savings, laying claims to bonus interest, a tariff choice or tariff 
change. 
Such collective risks can have a considerable negative impact on the cashflows of the home savings collective and thus 
also on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of operations. The greater the deviation between the predicted 
and the actual behaviour of customers, the greater the probability that the investors will suffer a possible partial or even 
total loss of their invested capital amount. 
1.2 
Risks arising from the market in which the Issuer operates 
Liquidity Risks 
The Issuer is dependent on the regular supply of liquidity. The Issuer could be unable to obtain sufficient funds at the 
expected conditions to meet its payment obligations (refinancing risk). Payment obligations result, among other things, 
from the drawing down of cash deposits, the performance of trading transactions, interest payments or the provision of 
loans. Market developments and changes in the economic environment could result in increasing funding costs. Moreover, 
there is a risk that the money and/or capital markets are not accessible for any refinancing or a material and potentially 
abrupt withdrawal of deposits. 
The liquidity risk is broken down into three types: (i) the short-term liquidity risk constitutes the risk of insufficient liquidity 
for the performance of day-to-day payment obligations; (ii) the structural liquidity risk is the risk due to an imbalance in the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
medium and long-term liquidity structure, being the result of inadequate management of the interest rate costs, which are 
associated with the procurement of funds and the income risk, which are associated with investments; and (iii) the market 
liquidity risk is the risk of insufficient liquidity of pertinent financial instruments, with the consequence that positions can be 
closed out only, if at all, at disproportionately high cost. 
Such liquidity risks can have a considerable negative impact on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of 
operations. The less liquidity the Issuer has at its disposal, the higher the probability that the investors will suffer a possible 
partial or even total loss of their invested capital amount. 
Market Price Risks 
The Issuer is exposed to market price risks, i.e. the risk of incurring losses due to unexpected changes in market prices or 
in the parameters affecting market prices (such as correlations or volatility of market prices of financial instruments). 
Unexpected changes in interest rates, share prices, credit spreads, exchange-rates, property prices, or other parameters 
which influence prices may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial position and results of operations. 
The Issuer is particularly affected by the risk of changes in interest rates, as the Issuer invests parts of its available funds 
into capital market instruments, mainly fixed income instruments such as bonds. A rise in interest rates could significantly 
reduce the value of fixed-interest financial assets and unforeseen interest rate fluctuations could adversely affect the value 
of the Issuer's holdings of bonds and other fixed-interest debt securities and interest rate derivatives. 
Due to the business model, the Issuer reacts sensitively to rapid changes in interest rates. Despite the significant rise in 
interest rates, which favours the business model, the uncertain environment and the correspondingly volatile interest rate 
level pose risks for the Issuer. A renewed decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on earnings, as new 
investments and reinvestments in customer and proprietary business can only be made at lower interest rates, while at the 
same time the interest rate commitments made to customers must be fulfilled. In principle, strong changes in interest rates 
can result in present value losses that also burden the risk-bearing capacity. This is especially true if these shocks occur 
ad-hoc or abruptly in short time intervals. 
Market price risks can have a considerable negative impact on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of 
operations. The higher the interest rate level rises, and the more property prices fall, the greater the probability that the 
investors will suffer a possible partial or even total loss of their invested capital amount. 
Risk related to the Russia-Ukraine war 
The Issuer's business is subject to risks from international conflicts, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, and other geopolitical 
tensions and uncertainties. The Russia-Ukraine war, which has started on 24 February 2022, in particular has a significant 
impact on the economic environment and may have a significant impact on the business of the Issuer and its customers. 
While the Issuer does not have direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine, the military actions between Russia and Ukraine 
and the related rapidly evolving and increasingly severe economic sanctions and export controls imposed on Russia and 
certain Russian companies and individuals, as well as related countermeasures adopted by the governments of Russia or 
other jurisdictions, have severely restricted the level of economic activity in those countries, increased volatility and 
uncertainty in the global financial markets and adversely affected the operations of many of the Issuer's customers. In 
addition, cyberattacks against Ukraine have already been witnessed and reported, and there is an increased likelihood of 
cyberattacks in Western countries. Furthermore, the economic sanctions and export controls are expected to exacerbate 
the rising inflation trend, further increase energy and raw material prices and negatively impact global supply chains. 
While, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer cannot reliably predict the direct or indirect impact that the current 
Russian military activities in Ukraine or any related international sanctions may have on its business, any of the factors 
described above could adversely affect the Issuer's operations, revenue and profitability. 
1.3 
Operational Risks
The Issuer is exposed to a number of operational risks which are the threat of losses caused by inappropriate internal 
procedures, work processes and control mechanisms, technical failures, human resources and systems (or their failure), 
or by external events. 
The Issuer employs uniform procedures to continuously control and monitor its risks. The objective is to optimise the 
Issuer's risk/return profile for all of the various types of risk. All risks are identified, measured, aggregated and controlled 
in the process based on a framework of risk principles, as well as corresponding organisational structures and processes. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer's procedures for identifying, analysing, assessing, controlling and 
monitoring the risks will prove sufficient and adequate in the future.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
The Issuer is dependent on the safe processing, storage and transmission of personal data and transactional data in its 
computer systems and networks. The Issuer is exposed to risks which may arise from the use of information technology 
systems, modern communication media and other technical systems. Further to this and despite a range of measures to 
protect personal data, the Issuer may become exposed to damage claims in relation to the inadequate use of personal 
data. 
The Issuer's business activity is dependant to a large extent on information technology systems, modern communication 
media and other technical systems. IT systems are vulnerable to a number of problems such as computer viruses, hacker 
attacks, damage to IT centers and software and hardware errors. These problems can cause the IT systems to fail, either 
in whole or in part. The complete or partial failure of IT systems may result in significant disruption of business processes, 
temporary suspension of business operations, claims for damages, and/or loss of clients. In addition, the IT systems require 
regular adjustments and updates in order to be able to meet changing business needs and supervision regulations. This 
places considerable demands on the functionality of the Issuer's IT systems. If the Issuer is unable to make the necessary 
adjustments and updates to its IT systems, this may result in disruption of business transactions, datasets that contain 
errors, calculations that do not meet the requirements of supervision law, and other disruptions and risks, the details of 
which cannot be predicted. 
Measures to protect data and ensure its confidentiality may prove to be inadequate. The data collected in connection with 
the business activities is strictly confidential and is subject to data protection because it is part of the fiduciary relationships 
between banks and their clients. The Issuer has taken a number of measures to protect the data processed and managed 
in its business activities and to comply with the relevant regulations. However, it cannot be ruled out that these measures 
may prove to be inadequate and the confidentiality of this data may be violated, including by third parties that gain access 
to the Issuer's systems without authorisation. This could expose the Issuer to claims for damages. 
Another operational risk is the reputational risk of the Issuer, which may result from the realisation of the above-mentioned 
risks. 
Such operational risks can have a considerable negative impact on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of 
operations. The greater the human or technical failure at the corporate level of the Issuer, the greater the probability that 
the investors will suffer a possible partial or even total loss of their invested capital amount. 
1.4 
Legal and Regulatory Risks
The Issuer's business is subject to detailed, comprehensive laws and regulations as well as supervision. Legislative 
changes, changes in the regulatory environment as well as investigations and proceedings by regulatory authorities may 
adversely affect the business of the Issuer by restructuring the Issuer's activities, imposing increased costs or otherwise. 
Banking Supervision Regulations 
As a credit institution as defined in the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz), the Issuer is subject to banking 
supervision regulations. Supervisory regulations require that the Issuer meets minimum requirements as to its capital 
resources, i.e. that a risk management system is established, and that precautionary measures are taken in order to 
prevent clients from misusing the Issuer's business for money-laundering purposes. The regulatory and supervisory 
framework is subject to continuous developments not only at the national level, but also at the European and international 
level. Therefore, it is subject to changes which may result in the Issuer's present business activity being restricted. 
Moreover, compliance with amended or newly-imposed supervision regulations may lead to an increase in administrative 
expenses (including the expense of maintaining capital resources as required by regulations) and consequently to higher 
cost ratios. 
In the event of violations of the laws, rules and regulations of banking supervision, the competent supervisory authority 
and/or the central bank may issue orders to the Issuer and its business managers or may impose fines. Orders of this 
nature may negatively affect the Issuer's future business activity, and in extreme cases may lead to the termination of the 
future business activity. In addition, the imposition of fines may have a negative effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations. If violations against supervision regulations are identified, this may lead to higher scrutiny by the 
supervising authority and therefore to an increase in administrative expenses. If orders or fines imposed on the Issuer by 
supervisory authorities become publicly known, this may lead to a loss of confidence among clients and business partners 
which may also have a negative effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. 
Such legal risks can have a considerable negative impact on the Issuer's assets, financial position and results of operations. 
The more the legal environment in which the Issuer operates changes and the more frequently the Issuer violates legal 
provisions, the greater the probability that investors will suffer a possible partial or even total loss of their invested capital 
amount.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Capital Adequacy 
In line with regulatory requirements and under rating aspects, the Issuer is required to maintain sufficient own funds at any 
time in order to cover potential losses resulting from the realisation of risks. Pursuant to regulatory definition currently in 
force, own funds are composed of liable capital – being the sum of core capital and supplementary capital – plus regulatory 
Tier III capital. Core capital consists essentially of subscribed capital plus reserves and capital contributions from silent 
partners. Supplementary capital includes participation rights capital (Genussrechtskapital) and long-term subordinated 
liabilities. Regulatory Tier III capital includes short-term subordinated liabilities. There is a risk that the regulatory 
requirements concerning own funds, in particular in relation to the required amount of own funds and the definition of the 
instruments qualifying as components of own funds, may be narrowed in the course of political and legislative initiatives 
on international, European and national level. This could entail that existing components of the Issuer's own funds may no 
longer be recognised as own funds and would have to be replaced. Generally, the risk exists that the Issuer may not be in 
a position to obtain such own funds as might become required or to obtain such funds only at higher cost. This could 
negatively affect the Issuer's business prospects as well as its earnings, financial and liquidity position. 
Environmental, social and governance 
The Issuer must increasingly meet environmental, social and governance ("ESG") standards and expectations regarding 
environmental concerns (e.g., climate change and sustainability), social concerns (e.g., diversity and human rights), and 
corporate governance concerns (e.g., employee relations) when making business and financing decisions. The Issuer may 
not always be able to identify and adequately assess the relevant concerns, which may result in failure to meet ESG 
standards and expectations of stakeholders or the public. In addition, the Issuer may not be able to meet the targets and 
objectives as regards ESG which the Issuer set for itself and communicated to the public. Any such failure could adversely 
impact the Issuer's reputation and may make an investment in the Notes ineligible for certain investors. 
At the same time, compliance with certain ESG standards may pose challenges to the Issuer's business and lead to 
additional costs in the business. For example, the Issuer becomes increasingly subject to sustainability regulations, such 
as Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector and Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the ''EU Taxonomy Regulation''). 
These regulations require or will require the Issuer to include information at entity level and at product level with regard to 
certain financial products on whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impact, whether or not it promotes 
environmental or social characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental objectives as set out 
in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
2.1 
General risk relating to the Notes 
Risks in connection with the implementation of a resolution regime for banks 
The BRRD was also implemented in Germany through the Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und 
Abwicklungsgesetz – "SAG"). In November 2020 the so-called risk reduction act (Risikoreduzierungsgesetz) has been 
adopted to implement BRRD II in Germany, which led to, inter alia, amendments to the SAG. For credit institutions 
established in the eurozone, such as the Issuer, that are supervised within the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism ("SSM"), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended from time to time, in particular by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 ("SRM Regulation") provides for a coherent application of the resolution provisions across the SSM. 
Under the SRM Regulation, the Issuer is subject to the resolution decisions that might be taken by the European Single 
Resolution Board and in close cooperation with the European Central Bank, the European Commission and the national 
resolution authorities. The SRM's decisions are executed by the competent German authority, the German Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin"). 
The SRM Regulation includes inter alia potential loss participation of creditors of credit institutions. Pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation, the competent resolution authorities shall be given the authority to write down the claims of unsecured creditors 
of a failing institution and to convert debt claims into equity (so-called "bail-in tool"), transfer assets, rights and liabilities 
to a bridge bank or an asset management vehicle, sell the credit institution or its business to a third party or change the 
maturity or the interest rate of the instruments if certain requirements are met ("Resolution Tools").

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Under the bail-in tool the competent resolution authority shall have the power, upon certain trigger events, to cancel existing 
shares, to write down liabilities eligible for bail-in (i.e. own funds instruments such as the Subordinated Notes and other 
subordinated debt and even non-subordinated debt (such as the Preferred Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes), subject to exceptions in respect of certain liabilities) of a failing credit institution or to convert such eligible liabilities 
of a failing credit institution into shares or other instruments of ownership at certain rates of conversion in order to 
strengthen the credit institution's financial position and allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate 
restructuring. 
Pursuant to the SRM Regulation, any write-down (or conversion into equity) shall not result in an early redemption. 
Consequently, any amounts so written down would be irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments would cease to 
have any claims thereunder, regardless whether or not the bank's financial position is restored. 
Furthermore, the competent resolution authority may transfer all or parts of the assets, rights and liabilities of the institution 
to a bridge bank, a publicly controlled entity holding such assets, rights or liabilities with a view to reselling them. Under 
the asset separation tool, the resolution authority is empowered to transfer assets, rights or liabilities to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value. By making use of 
the sale of business tool, the resolution authority is enabled to direct the sale of the respective credit institution or parts or 
the whole of its business to a third party without requiring the shareholder's consent. Under the aforementioned Resolution 
Tools, the assets will no longer be available for meeting the claims of the holders of Notes (the "Noteholders"). Therefore, 
the capacity of the firm to meet its repayment obligations to the Noteholders may be significantly limited. 
In addition, or alternatively, the resolution authorities may alter the maturity and the interest rate of the Notes and suspend 
the payments under the Notes for a certain period in case of a resolution. 
The provisions of the SRM Regulation or of the similar provisions under the SAG may severely affect the rights of the 
holders of the Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) as in the event that conditions for resolution of the Issuer are met. This may 
result in the loss of their entire investment and could – also before the conditions for resolution are met (and resolution is 
initiated) – adversely affect the market price of relevant Notes. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption 
payments 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other 
person. Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption 
payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the 
risk of loss (see also "Risk Factors relating to the Issuer" above). 
Further the Notes, other than Pfandbriefe, are not secured by any collateral. 
A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption 
payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants 
may in particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in 
general or debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only 
be willing to purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes 
may therefore decrease. 
No events of default or put rights for investors 
The Terms and Conditions do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the Notes if certain events occur. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Notes investors will not have a right of acceleration of the 
Notes. This applies also to Notes issued as "green bonds". Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest under the Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the 
opening of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
The Noteholders will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their Notes. Noteholders should therefore be aware 
that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Notes until their final maturity.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels 
or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an 
unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the 
final maturity of such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at 
the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
A Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the 
market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the 
opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such 
Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of 
comparable issues. If the Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest 
rate are without relevance to such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in 
advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the 
future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are not interest bearing but are issued at a discount from their nominal value. Instead of periodical 
interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until 
maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A Noteholder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of 
such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than 
prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest 
bearing notes with a similar maturity. 
Liquidity risk 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and to be admitted to trading on the markets 
of the Baden-Wuerttemberg Stock Exchange Stuttgart (Baden-Württembergische Wertpapierbörse Börse Stuttgart, 
regulierter Markt). However, Series of Notes issued under the Programme can also be listed on other stock exchanges or 
may not be listed at all, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint 
representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) may be amended by the Issuer with consent 
of the relevant Noteholders by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend 
the Terms and Conditions with the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in the Terms and Conditions, which 
amendment will be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. 
As the relevant majority for Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of 
less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their 
claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its 
rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who 
is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
2.2 
Risks related to the specific status of Notes 
Subordinated Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of liquidation, insolvency or dissolution or other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, such obligations will be subordinated to all of the Issuer's unsubordinated obligations and all obligations of the 
Issuer which, pursuant to mandatory provisions of law, rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes, so that in any such event no amounts shall be payable under such obligations until all of the Issuer's obligations 
that rank senior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall have been satisfied in full. Certain of 
the Issuer's outstanding capital instruments rank senior to claims against the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes as from 
the moment in which they will cease to be treated as claims from own funds items (Eigenmittelposten) in accordance with 
Section 46f paragraph 7a of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz), implementing Article 48(7) of the BRRD. If any 
liquidation, insolvency or dissolution or other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer occurs, 
the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after such payments to pay amounts due under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes and the holders of such Subordinated Notes could lose all or some of their investment. In addition, 
Noteholders will have limited ability to influence the outcome of any insolvency proceedings or a restructuring outside 
insolvency. In particular, in insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, holders of subordinated debt, such as 
the Subordinated Notes, will not have any right to vote in the assembly of creditors (Gläubigerversammlung) pursuant to 
the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
No Noteholder may set-off his claims arising under the Subordinated Notes against any claims of the Issuer. No security 
of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of the Noteholders 
under such Notes. No payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) may be 
made by the Issuer if such payment would have the consequence that the own funds (Eigenmittel) of the Issuer would no 
longer meet the statutory requirements applicable from time to time; any payment made in violation of the foregoing must 
be repaid to the Issuer irrespective of any agreement to the contrary. 
In case resolution tools are applied, or if early intervention measures are applied at the point of non-viability (the "PONV") 
before and regardless of any subsequent resolution action, subordinated creditors, such as the holders of Subordinated 
Notes, will be among the first to absorb losses and suffer from a write down or conversion of their claims against the Issuer. 
If Notes cease to qualify as Tier 2 instruments, they will no longer be within the scope of PONV but will remain within the 
scope of the bail-in tool. 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Preferred Senior Notes 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes are subordinated within the meaning of Section 46f paragraph 5 of the German Banking 
Act (Kreditwesengesetz). The Noteholders will be expressly advised in the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of the lower ranking of their claims. 
As a consequence of such subordination, any claim of the Noteholders under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (including, 
but not limited to, any claim for principal, interest, fees or other payments that may become due under Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) can be forced to bear losses of the Issuer before, and potentially to a larger extent than any other claim 
which a creditor may have against the Issuer, unless such other claim is also designated as subordinated within the 
meaning of Section 46f paragraph 5 of the German Banking Act or otherwise subordinated pursuant to applicable law. 
For the purposes of German insolvency law and all regulations, laws and rules that reference the relevant provisions of 
German insolvency law and the hierarchy of claims as expressed therein, any claim of the Noteholders under the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes will be treated as subordinated to all other regular, unsecured and non-subordinated claims within

--- Page 17 ---
17 
the meaning of Section 38 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) as well as to all claims that are statutorily 
non-subordinated by law. 
Thus, no amounts will be payable under Non-Preferred Senior Notes until the claims ranking senior to such Notes will have 
been satisfied in full. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after such payments to pay amounts 
due under the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Noteholders could lose all or some of their investment. 
The Preferred Senior Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect of preferred and 
covered deposits). In April 2023, the EU Commission announced a proposal to adjust and further strengthen the EU's 
existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework. The package implies the review of the BRRD 
and SRM Regulation frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the EU Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
Directive, all of which aim at further preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers and depositors, and supporting the 
real economy and its competitiveness. The proposals include, but are not limited to, the introduction of a general depositor 
preference within the EU and changes to further enable the use of Deposit Guarantee Schemes funds and where needed 
resolution funds in measures other than the pay out of covered deposits in case of insolvency or resolution of a failing 
bank. If implemented as proposed, one element of the proposal would mean that Preferred Senior Notes will no longer 
rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, the Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior in right of payment to 
the claims of all depositors. As such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in Preferred Senior Notes losing all or 
some of their investment. The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Preferred Senior Notes. 
However, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regard to the proposed adjustments to the CMDI framework and when 
they will be finally implemented in the EU. Therefore, the exact impact of these adjustments and the potential effects on 
the Issuer and/or the Notes cannot yet be assessed. 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Preferred Senior Notes due to a 
Regulatory Event 
Provided they comply with strict requirements under Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the "CRR") as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 (the CRR, as amended, "CRR II"), Subordinated Notes can be credited towards the Issuer's own funds 
under the CRR. If, as a result of any change in applicable law, rules or regulations, there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would likely to result in their exclusion from the Issuer's own funds under the 
CRR or a reclassification as own funds of a lower quality, such Subordinated Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer prior 
to relevant maturity date at par. 
At the Issuer's option, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Preferred Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to the relevant 
maturity date at par if such Notes do no longer comply with the applicable minimum requirements for eligible liabilities 
(MREL) except where such non-compliance would merely be based on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less than 
any minimum period prescribed in the applicable MREL regulations or on any applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes 
in the eligible liabilities instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's group being exceeded. 
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, the Noteholder is exposed to the risk that 
due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any 
reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower 
than the then prevailing market price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that 
the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital. 
2.3 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption for Reasons of Taxation or at the Option of the Issuer 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) may be redeemed prior to the relevant maturity date at par plus 
accrued interest if, as a result of a future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may also be redeemed prior to the relevant 
maturity date at the option of the Issuer on any specified Call Redemption Date. 
If the Notes of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, the Noteholder is exposed to the risk that 
due to the early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any 
reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower 
than the then prevailing market price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that 
the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
2.4 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes 
Risks related to the reform of interest rate "benchmarks" and possible replacement of a benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such 
as the EURIBOR (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") and which have, in recent years, been the 
subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform 
and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018. 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical Benchmark" indices such as 
EURIBOR, applies to many other interest rate indices. In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes 
in the future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
- 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation (Art. 29 Benchmarks 
Regulation) or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the 
administrator is recognised (Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the relevant Benchmark is endorsed (Art. 33 
Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such 
Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
- 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent 
determination of the rate. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result 
that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives 
could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
Benchmark Fallback Provisions 
Under the Terms and Conditions of Notes which provide for an interest rate initially linked to the EURIBOR certain 
benchmark replacement provisions will apply in case a Benchmark used as a reference for calculation of amounts payable 
under the Notes issued under this Programme were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable (whereby a material 
change of the methodology used by the administrator on the interest commencement date for the determination of the 
original benchmark rate will be deemed as discontinuation) (a "Benchmark Event"). 
If any interest rate on any series of Notes for any relevant period is linked to a Benchmark and a Benchmark Event occurs 
in respect of such Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may, using reasonable discretion, determine a new benchmark rate 
(the "New Benchmark Rate"), any adjustment spread and any benchmark amendments in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that an officially recognized successor rate to the 
discontinued Benchmark exists, then such successor benchmark rate shall subsequently be used in place of the original 
benchmark rate. If that is not the case, but there is an alternative benchmark rate, then such alternative benchmark rate 
shall subsequently be used in place of the original benchmark rate. 
While the Calculation Agent will endeavour to select a suitable New Benchmark Rate and to mitigate any deviations to the 
original benchmark rate in line with the applicable benchmark replacement provisions (e.g. by applying an adjustment 
spread to such rate or by amending relevant provisions of the Terms and Conditions) there can be no guarantee that the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
replacement of a Benchmark will not have adverse effects for the Noteholders or impact the economic return of the affected 
Series of Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent does not determine a New Benchmark Rate prior or a New Benchmark Rate would allow the Issuer 
to redeem the affected Series of Notes for regulatory reasons to the relevant interest determination date, the Reference 
Rate applicable to the next interest period shall be the original benchmark rate determined on the last preceding interest 
determination date. If this is to be applied on the first interest determination date prior to the commencement of the interest 
period, commencing on the first interest payment date, the Reference Rate applicable to such interest period shall be the 
original benchmark rate on the screen page on the last day preceding the interest determination date on which such original 
benchmark rate was displayed. This could result in the relevant Notes effectively becoming fixed rate instruments. 
2.5 
Specific risks regarding Green Bonds 
Potential investors should be aware that "green bonds" may be unsubordinated Notes, including covered bonds, Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and should therefore also consider the relevant 
risk factors in relation to such Notes. 
Green Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investors' sustainable investment criteria 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
environmental or sustainable purposes ("Eligible Green Assets"). The Wüstenrot & Württembergische Group ("W&W 
Group") has established a framework under which Wüstenrot & Württembergische AG and all of its subsidiaries including 
the Issuer may issue such Notes and which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Assets (the 
"Green Bond Framework") based on the recommendations included in the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green 
bonds published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021"). For 
a summary of the Green Bond Framework please refer to the section "Green Bond Framework" in this Base Prospectus. 
The Green Bond Framework can be accessed on the website of the W&W Group. 
In respect of any Notes issued in accordance with the Green Bond Framework, there can be no assurance that such use 
of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. Notes issued in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures in the same way as any other Notes issued under the 
Programme. In particular, the classification as green or sustainable bond does not affect the status of the Notes in terms 
of subordination, loss absorbency features and regulatory classification as own funds or eligible liabilities instruments. 
Regardless of whether own funds or eligible liabilities instruments are issued in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework, proceeds from such Notes are meant to cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer, irrespective of 
whether such losses stem from Eligible Green Assets. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green Bond Framework 
as summarised in the section "Green Bond Framework" in this Base Prospectus regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
Risks related to compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Due to the envisaged use of the proceeds from the issuance of such Series of Notes for Eligible Green Assets, the Issuer 
may refer to such Notes as "green bonds". There is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area 
which has been, and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop 
rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a 
definition of "green" (or any equivalent label) they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer 
necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or 
objectives. 
For example, at the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 
and entered into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental objectives and established a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investments in the European Union. The EU Taxonomy Regulation sets mandatory requirements on disclosure 
for companies and financial institution and forms the basis for a future European standard for green bonds proposed by 
the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). A legislative proposal for 
the EU Green Bond Standard was published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021. On 1 March 2023, it was

--- Page 20 ---
20 
reported that a provisional political agreement was reached concerning the final text for the regulation which foresees a 
voluntary standard. The agreement still needs to be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and the European 
Parliament. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of relevant Notes by 
the Issuer for any Eligible Green Assets in accordance with the Green Bond Framework will satisfy, either in whole or in 
part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or standards or the EU Green Bond Standard, or (ii) any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the relevant Eligible Green Assets. Further, no assurance or representation is or can be given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that the reporting under the Green Bond Framework will meet investor needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green impact markets, 
there is a risk that the W&W Group's Green Bond Framework may (or may not) be modified in the future to adapt any 
update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes 
may have a material adverse effect on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance similar Eligible Green Assets and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the intended use of proceeds will not give the Noteholders the right to 
terminate the Notes early
It is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, prospective or existing loans that fall of the eligible category "Green Buildings" in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the section "Green Bond Framework" in this Base Prospectus and the Green 
Bond Framework. However, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be 
disbursed in whole or in part for such Eligible Green Assets. Accordingly, it cannot be predicted whether and to what extent 
such proceeds of an issue of Notes will be disbursed for such Eligible Green Assets in whole or in part. Neither can there 
be any assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such Eligible Green Assets will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected 
or anticipated by the Issuer or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will occur during the implementation 
of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Assets or the application, impact or 
monitoring of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
Investors should note that (i) any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any 
reporting or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such 
certification or label or of the Sustainalytics Opinion (as defined below)), or (iv) any Eligible Green Assets ceasing to be 
classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Asset may not match 
the minimum duration of the Notes, (a) will not constitute an event of default under the Notes or (b) will not give the 
Noteholders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand redemption of the Notes. 
A failure by the Issuer with regards to the use of proceeds at whatever point in time (i.e. being initial allocation of the funds, 
subsequent reallocation) or with regard to the expected performance of the Eligible Green Assets (including the loss of the 
green feature of the original project, for example), as well as the existence of a potential mismatch between the duration 
of the Eligible Green Assets and the duration of the instrument will neither lead to an obligation for the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes nor will it jeopardise the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities instruments of the Issuer 
and/or the W&W Group. 
Payment of principal and interest of Notes issued in accordance with the Green Bond Framework will be made from the 
Issuer's general funds and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Green Assets (or any other 
environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer). 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Assets may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance similar Eligible Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Risks related to a Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 17 March 2023 issued by Sustainalytics in relation to the W&W 
Group's Green Bond Framework (the "Sustainalytics Opinion") or any other opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Eligible Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (each a 
"Second Party Opinion"). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may affect the value of any Notes 
issued under the Green Bond Framework or any Eligible Green Assets against which the Issuer may assign the proceeds 
of any Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Noteholders will have any recourse against the provider(s) of any 
Second Party Opinion. 
The withdrawal of the Sustainalytics Opinion any Second Party Opinion may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance similar Eligible Green Assets 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion dedicated indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange or any other 
dedicated "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any 
investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index will be 
obtained in respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
The Notes ceasing to be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market or included in 
any dedicated index may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any 
other Notes which are intended to finance similar Eligible Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.6 
Maturity extension for Pfandbriefe 
The implementation of the requirements set out by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision (the "Covered Bonds 
Directive"), which entered into force in early 2020, are carried out in Germany by the so-called CBD Implementation Act 
(CBD-Umsetzungsgesetz, the "Act"). The Act provides, inter alia, that the maturity deferral (Fälligkeitsverschiebung) 
provided for in the Covered Bonds Directive is implemented in German law. 
Under the Act, an administrator (Sachwalter), being appointed upon the opening of insolvency proceedings or in other 
circumstances pursuant to the German Pfandbrief Act, may defer redemption payments for all Pfandbriefe by up to 12 
months. This requires that the deferral is necessary to enable the Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities (mit 
beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit) to honour its payment obligations under the Pfandbriefe. During the first month of the 
appointment of the administrator (Sachwalter), any redemption and payment of interest may be deferred without any 
justification until the end of such month. Any deferral must not change the order of repayments of respective Pfandbriefe 
following the deferral. 
Any such deferral of the redemption and/or of any payment of interest does not constitute a default under the Pfandbriefe 
for any purpose and does not give Pfandbriefholders any right to take any enforcement action under the Pfandbriefe. The 
delay of the date on which the Pfandbriefe are effectively redeemed may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
the Pfandbriefe. 
While deferred amounts bear interest at the interest rate applicable under the relevant Pfandbriefe, there can be no 
assurance that this will adequately compensate Pfandbriefholders for not being able to reinvest the amounts scheduled for 
redemption under the relevant Pfandbriefe, especially if market interest rates increase. This means for example that 
Pfandbriefholders may not be able to benefit from higher interest rates than applicable under the Pfandbriefe in respect of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
the redemption proceeds they would have expected upon scheduled maturity. Accordingly, Pfandbriefholders may only be 
able to reinvest the amount received later than expected and on less favourable terms.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes (other than Pfandbriefe); 
 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes (other than Pfandbriefe); 
 
Option III - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe and Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe; and 
 
Option IV - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, Option 
II, Option III or Option IV, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed 
provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each 
global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, 
to non-qualified investors. 
 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II, Option III or Option IV and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I, Option II, Option III and Option IV are applicable to the individual issue 
by referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus 
only. The Final Terms will specify that the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global 
note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, Option II, Option III or Option IV shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, Option II, Option III or Option IV contains also certain 
further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes 
set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which 
will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative 
or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will 
be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, 
shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and 
any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Binding Language
As to the binding language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
 
in the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in 
part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the binding language. If, in the event of such offers to the 
public or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the binding language, a German 
language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Issuer, as specified on the back cover of this Base Prospectus. 
 
in other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the binding language in the Conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
DEUTSCHE FASSUNG 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Einführung 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldver-
schreibungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
sind nachfolgend in vier Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below 
for four options:
Introduction 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedin-
gungen, der auf Serien von festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen (außer Pfandbriefen) 
und 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
(außer Pfandbriefen) Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that apply to Series of Fixed Rate 
Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) and Zero 
Coupon Notes (other than Pfandbriefe). 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedin-
gungen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit variabler Verzinsung (außer 
Pfandbriefen) Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that apply to Series of Notes with float-
ing interest rates (other than Pfandbriefe). 
Option III umfasst den Satz der Pfand-
briefbedingungen, der auf Serien von fest-
verzinslichen Pfandbriefen und Nullkupon-
Pfandbriefe Anwendung findet. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Series of Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe and Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
Option IV umfasst den Satz der Pfandbrief-
bedingungen, der auf Serien von Pfandbriefen 
mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option IV comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Series of Pfandbriefe 
with floating interest rates. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede 
dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet 
sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestim-
mung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen 
entweder links von dem Satz der Anleihebe-
dingungen oder in eckigen Klammern inner-
halb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen be-
zeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of 
these Options contains certain further options, 
which are characterised accordingly by indi-
cating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the right of or in square brackets 
within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Optionen 
(einschließlich der darin jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die ein-
zelne 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betref-
fenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf 
die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, 
which of the Options, including certain further 
options contained therein, shall apply with re-
spect to an individual Series of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by 
referring to the relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billi-
gung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von be-
stimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne 
Serie von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen 
durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the 
Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an indi-
vidual Series of Notes, this Prospectus con-
tains placeholders set out in square brackets 
which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass 
die Endgülti-
gen Bedin-
gungen, die 
für eine ein-
zelne Serie 
anwendbar 
sind, nur auf 
die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, die 
im Satz der 
Anleihebedin-
gungen der 
betreffenden 
Option enthal-
ten sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Die Bestimmungen der nachstehenden Anlei-
hebedingungen gelten für diese Schuldver-
schreibungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben 
der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervoll-
ständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Be-
stimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gel-
ten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als 
ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestim-
mungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wä-
ren; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen 
dieser Anleihebedingungen, deren Entspre-
chungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
nicht ausdrücklich ausgefüllt oder die gestri-
chen sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebe-
dingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
[The provisions of the following Terms and 
Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by 
the final terms which are attached hereto (the 
"Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions 
of these Terms and Conditions which are ap-
plicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms as if such information were in-
serted in the blanks of such provisions; alter-
native or optional provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not com-
pleted or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and 
all provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms 
applicable to 
an individual 
Series only 
refer to the 
further op-
tions con-
tained in the 
set of Terms 
and Condi-
tions for the 
relevant Op-
tion, the fol-
lowing ap-
plies

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkun-
gen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gel-
ten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen gestri-
chen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgül-
tigen 
Bedingungen 
Geltung 
erhalten. 
Elektronische Versionen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind auf der Internetseite der 
Emittentin verfügbar (www.ww-ag.de). Bei 
nicht an einer Börse notierten Schuldver-
schreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
allerdings 
ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.] 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions, as 
required to give effect to the terms of the Final 
Terms. Electronic versions of the Final Terms 
are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.ww-ag.de). In the case of Notes which 
are not listed on any stock exchange, copies 
of the relevant Final Terms will only be made 
available to Noteholders of such Notes.]

--- Page 27 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
27 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für fest-
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
(außer Pfandbriefen) 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that ap-
ply to Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon 
Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) 
Der folgende 
Absatz ist nur 
auf Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen mit Zeich-
nungsfrist an-
wendbar, bei 
denen der Ge-
samtnennbe-
trag und/oder 
Preiskompo-
nenten zu ei-
nem späteren 
Datum festge-
setzt werden. 
[[Der Gesamtnennbetrag / [und] folgende 
Preiskomponenten: [●]] [wird / werden] von 
der Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
(§ 315 BGB) am [Datum] festgesetzt und 
[zusammen mit [●]] unverzüglich danach 
[auf der Internetseite [der Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.ww-ag.de) 
/ 
[Börse 
(Internet-
Adresse)]] / in [Tageszeitung(en)] / [●]]
bekannt gemacht.]
[[The aggregate principal amount / [and]
following price components: [●]] will be 
determined in the reasonable discretion of the 
Issuer pursuant to § 315 German Civil Code 
(BGB) on [date] and [together with [●]]
notified without undue delay [on the website of 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.ww-ag.de) / [stock exchange (Internet 
Address)]] / in [newspaper(s)] / [●]].]
The following 
paragraph 
shall only be 
applicable to 
Notes with a 
Subscription 
Period and 
where the ag-
gregate prin-
cipal amount 
and/or price 
components 
will be deter-
mined on a 
later date. 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIN-
ZELNE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldver-
schreibungen") 
der 
Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
[festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls 
die 
Glo-
balurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von [bis 
zu]
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung]2
(die "Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of 
notes 
(the 
"Notes") 
of 
Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(the 
"Issuer") is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN insert: (subject to 
§ 1(4))] of [up to]
[aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal 
amount in words]) in denominations of 
[Specified Denomination]3 (the "Specified 
Denomination").
(2) 
Form. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in 
bearer form. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: ohne 
Zinsscheine]
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Hauptzahlstelle oder in 
deren Namen mit einer handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen 
der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
und 
trägt 
die 
handschriftliche 
oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von oder im 
Namen 
des 
common 
safekeepers]. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: without interest 
coupons]. The Permanent Global Note bears 
the handwritten or facsimile signatures of duly 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and is 
provided with a handwritten or facsimile 
control signature by or on behalf of the 
Principal Paying Agent [in the case of Notes 
kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and 
the global note is an NGN insert: and bears 
the handwritten or facsimile signature by or on 
behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Notes [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: and interest coupons] will not be 
issued and the right of the Noteholders to 
request the issue and delivery of definitive 
Notes shall be excluded.]
In the case of 
Notes which 
are repre-
sented by a 
Permanent 
Global Note 
the following 
applies 
2
Im Fall von nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen (non-preferred senior) und nachrangigen (Tier 2) Schuldverschreibungen, die 
an Kleinanleger vertrieben werden sollen, beträgt die Mindeststückelung EUR 50.000.
3 
In case of non-preferred senior and subordinated (Tier 2) Notes to be distributed to retail clients, the minimum denomination will be 
EUR 50,000.

--- Page 28 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
28 
Einzelurkunden 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: und Zinsscheine] werden 
nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger, 
die 
Ausstellung 
und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu verlangen, 
wird ausgeschlossen.]
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are initially 
represented 
by a Tempo-
rary Global 
Note the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
einfügen: 
ohne 
Zinsscheine]
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird ge-
gen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
Festgelegten Stückelung, die durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen 
einfügen: 
ohne 
Zinsscheine] 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
globalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin[,] [und] sind 
jeweils von der Hauptzahlstelle oder 
in 
deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen 
der 
ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, einfügen: und tragen 
jeweils die handschriftliche oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
common 
safekeepers]. Einzelurkunden [im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: und Zinsscheine] werden 
nicht ausgegeben und das Recht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger, 
die 
Ausstellung und Lieferung von 
Einzelurkunden zu verlangen, wird 
ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
without 
interest 
coupons]. 
The 
Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Notes 
in 
the 
Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
without 
interest 
coupons]. 
The 
Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
duly authorised representatives of the 
Issuer[,] [and] are provided with a 
handwritten 
or 
facsimile 
control 
signature by or on behalf of the 
Principal Paying Agent [in the case of 
Notes kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs and the global note is an 
NGN insert: and each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signature by 
or 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
common 
safekeeper]. Definitive Notes [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: and 
interest coupons] will not be issued 
and the right of the Noteholders to 
request the issue and delivery of 
definitive Notes shall be excluded. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
frühestens an einem Tag (der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, 
der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe 
der 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen gemäß US-
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen 
keine 
US-
Personen 
(U.S. 
persons) 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibun-
gen über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). [im
Fall von festver-
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent 
Global 
Note 
from 
a 
date 
(the 
"Exchange Date") 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global 
Note. Such exchange shall only be 
made upon delivery of certifications to 
the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note is not a 
U.S. person (other than certain 
financial 
institutions 
or 
certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. [in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes insert: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made 
only 
after 
delivery 
of 
such 
certifications. A separate certification

--- Page 29 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
29 
zinslichen Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: Zinszahlungen auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuld-
verschreibungen erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich.] 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die an oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe 
der 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem § 1(3)(b) auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, 
sind 
nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
(wie in § 5(3) definiert) zu liefern. 
shall be required in respect of each 
such payment of interest.] Any such 
certification received on or after the 
40th day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated 
as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
this § 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States (as defined in 
§ 5(3)). 
(4) 
Clearingsystem.
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Die]
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
einfügen: 
Jede] 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils]
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils 
ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")]
[anderes 
internationales 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse 
einfügen]
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
represented by a Permanent Global Note 
insert: The] [in case of Notes initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
insert: Each] global note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes 
have 
been 
satisfied. 
"Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing 
System the following applies: each of] the 
following: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 
61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")]
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") (CBL and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")]
[insert 
other 
international 
clearing 
system, 
address] 
and 
any 
successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde 
eine NGN ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common 
safekeeper 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following ap-
plies 
Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen entspricht dem jeweils in den 
Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen die Register zu verstehen sind, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den 
Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldver-
schreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher 
Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrags der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
eine 
zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des Inhalts des 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest 
in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time.

--- Page 30 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
30 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem 
fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
jeder 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einer 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen weist die Emittentin 
die ICSDs an, dass die Einzelheiten der 
Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und 
der 
Entwertung 
bezüglich 
der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen 
der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass 
nach 
dieser 
Eintragung 
vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented 
by the global note the Issuer instructs the 
ICSDs that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the global note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, weist die 
Emittentin 
die 
ICSDs 
an, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]]
[If the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, 
the following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer instructs 
the ICSDs that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.]]
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde 
eine CGN ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in 
Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
a CGN the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
(5) Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts 
an den Globalurkunden. 
(5) Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or 
other beneficial interest or right in the Global 
Notes. 
(6) Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(6) Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare Aufsichtsrechtliche Vor-
schriften" bezeichnet die jeweils gültigen, 
sich auf die Kapitalanforderungen, die 
Solvabilität, andere Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder 
Abwicklung 
der 
Emittentin 
und/oder der jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, zu 
der die Emittentin gehört, beziehenden 
Vorschriften des Bankaufsichtsrechts und 
der 
darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, jedoch nicht ausschließlich, 
der BRRD, der CRD, der CRR sowie der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Leitlinien 
und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis 
einer 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen der Gerichte und den 
anwendbaren Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" 
means the provisions of bank supervisory 
laws and any regulations and other rules 
thereunder applicable from time to time 
(including, but not limited to, the BRRD, the 
CRD, the CRR and the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European Banking 
Authority and/or the European Central Bank, 
the administrative practice of any competent 
authority, any applicable decision of a court 
and any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, other 
prudential requirements and/or resolution and 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the banking 
group to which the Issuer belongs from time to 
time. 
"BRRD" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2014/59/EU des Europäischen Parlaments 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of

--- Page 31 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
31 
und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014, in der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen der BRRD geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der BRRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
15 May 2014, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions 
of the BRRD are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the BRRD as used 
in these Terms and Conditions shall refer to 
such amended provisions or successor 
provisions from time to time. 
"CRD" bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2013/36/EU 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 26. Juni 2013, in der Fassung 
wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRD geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
der 
CRD 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions 
of the CRD are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRD as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013, in der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen der CRR geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRR in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and the Council of 
26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions 
of the CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"InsO" bezeichnet die Insolvenzordnung 
(InsO), in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert 
oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der 
InsO geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der 
InsO in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means of the German Insolvency 
Statute 
(Insolvenzordnung 
– 
InsO), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the InsO are 
amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the InsO as used in these Terms 
and Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time 
to time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über das 
Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – KWG), 
in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen des KWG 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich 
der Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz – KWG), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; to the extent that 
any provisions of the KWG are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
KWG as used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
"MREL-Mindestanforderung" bezeichnet 
die Mindestanforderung an Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten 
(MREL), die für die Emittentin und/oder die 
MREL-Gruppe der Emittentin gelten oder 
gegebenenfalls gelten werden, gemäß 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum 
requirements for eligible liabilities (MREL) 
which are or, as the case may be, will be, 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
MREL Group in accordance with 
(i) 
Artikel 45 der BRRD und den 
nationalen 
Gesetzen 
zur 
Umsetzung der BRRD, wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; oder 
(i) 
Article 45 of the BRRD and any 
applicable national law implementing 
the BRRD, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; or 
(ii) 
Artikel 12 der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 806/2014 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 
15. Juli 2014, wie jeweils geändert 
oder ersetzt, 
(ii) 
Article 12 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 
2014, 
as 
amended 
or 
replaced from time to time,

--- Page 32 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
32 
wobei "MREL-Gruppe der Emittentin" die 
Emittentin und ihre Tochtergesellschaften, 
die die MREL-Mindestanforderung auf 
Gruppenebene 
einhalten 
müssen, 
bezeichnet. 
where "Issuer's MREL Group" means the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries which have to 
comply with the MREL Requirement on a 
group basis. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtig-
ten nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior)
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
als 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin für die 
MREL-Mindestanforderung 
dienen. 
Die 
Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, 
nicht 
besicherte, 
bevorrechtigte 
und 
nicht-
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin oder eines Vergleichs oder eines 
anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify 
as eligible liabilities of the Issuer for the MREL 
Requirement. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured, preferred and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. In 
the event of resolution measures imposed on 
the Issuer and in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency, composition or other 
proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency 
of, or against, the Issuer, 
In the case of 
preferred 
senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
untereinander 
und 
gleichrangig mit allen anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus allen bevorrechtigten und nicht-
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin im Sinne des § 38 InsO, 
die keine Schuldtitel im Sinne des 
nachstehenden § 2(1)(b)(i) und (ii) 
sind; 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all present and future 
obligations of the Issuer under all 
other preferred and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer within the 
meaning of § 38 InsO, which are not 
debt instruments (Schuldtitel) within 
the 
meaning 
of 
the 
following 
§ 2(1)(b)(i) and (ii); 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to 
(i) 
allen nicht-bevorrechtigten 
und 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln 
im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 
6, Satz 1 KWG in der seit 
dem 21. Juli 2018 gültigen 
Fassung; 
(i) 
all 
non-preferred 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of 
the 
Issuer 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) 
within the meaning of § 46f 
paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG as in effect as from 
21 July 2018; 
(ii) 
allen 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln 
im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 
6, Satz 1 KWG in der 
Fassung 
vom 
23. Dezember 2016; und 
(ii) 
all unsubordinated obligations 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) 
within 
the 
meaning of § 46f paragraph 
6, first sentence KWG in the 
version 
of 
23 December 
2016; and 
(iii) 
allen 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von 
§ 39 InsO 
(iii) 
all subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer within the meaning 
of § 39 InsO; 
im Rang vor; und 
and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen den 
Vorrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) im Rang vollständig nach, 
so dass die Forderungen der 
Anleihegläubiger aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen (insbesondere die 
Ansprüche auf Zahlung von Kapital 
und etwaigen Zinsen) erst berichtigt 
werden, wenn alle Vorrangigen 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's 
Senior 
Ranking 
Obligations 
(as 
defined below), so that in any such 
event the claims of the Noteholders 
under the Notes (in particular the 
claims for payment of principal and 
interest, if any) will only be satisfied if 
all of the Issuer's Senior Ranking

--- Page 33 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
33 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
zunächst berichtigt worden sind. 
Obligations have first been satisfied in 
full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften den Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen vorrangig sind.]
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" 
means all obligations of the Issuer which, 
pursuant to mandatory provisions of law, rank 
senior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes.]
Im Fall von 
nicht-bevor-
rechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen 
(non-preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
als 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin für die 
MREL-Mindestanforderung 
dienen. 
Die 
Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht-bevorrechtigte 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
Schuldtiteln im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 6, 
Satz 1 KWG in der seit dem 21. Juli 2018 
gültigen 
Fassung. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin oder eines Vergleichs oder eines 
anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify 
as eligible liabilities of the Issuer for the MREL 
Requirement. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
direct, 
unsecured 
and 
non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments (Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f paragraph 6, first sentence KWG as in 
effect as from 21 July 2018. In the event of 
resolution measures imposed on the Issuer 
and in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency, composition or other proceedings 
for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, 
the Issuer, 
In the case of 
non-preferred 
senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
untereinander 
und 
gleichrangig 
mit 
allen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all present and future 
obligations of the Issuer under 
(i) 
allen nicht-bevorrechtigten 
und 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln 
im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 
6, Satz 1 KWG in der seit 
dem 21. Juli 2018 gültigen 
Fassung; und 
(i) 
all 
non-preferred 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of 
the 
Issuer 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) 
within the meaning of § 46f 
paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG as in effect as from 
21 July 2018; and 
(ii) 
allen 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln 
im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 
6, Satz 1 KWG in der 
Fassung 
vom 
23. Dezember 2016; 
(ii) 
all unsubordinated obligations 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) 
within 
the 
meaning of § 46f paragraph 
6, first sentence KWG in the 
version 
of 
23 December 
2016; 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen allen 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 39 InsO 
im Rang vor; und 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to all subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer within the meaning of 
§ 39 InsO; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen den 
Vorrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) im Range vollständig 
nach, so dass die Forderungen der 
Anleihegläubiger aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen (insbesondere die 
Ansprüche auf Zahlung von Kapital 
und etwaigen Zinsen) erst berichtigt 
werden, wenn alle Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
zunächst berichtigt worden sind. 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's 
Senior 
Ranking 
Obligations 
(as 
defined below), so that in any such 
event the claims of the Noteholders 
under the Notes (in particular the 
claims for payment of principal and 
interest, if any) will only be satisfied if 
all of the Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations have first been satisfied in 
full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle nicht-nachrangigen 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" 
means all unsubordinated obligations of the

--- Page 34 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
34 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im Rang 
des § 38 InsO, die nicht unter den 
vorstehenden § 2(1)(a) fallen, sowie alle 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen vorrangig sind. 
Issuer within the meaning of § 38 InsO that do 
not fall under § 2(1)(a) above and all 
obligations of the Issuer which, pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law, rank senior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
Hinweis gemäß § 46f Absatz 6, Satz 1 
KWG: Für die Zwecke von § 46f Absatz 6, 
Satz 1 KWG werden die Anleihegläubiger 
hiermit darüber in Kenntnis gesetzt, dass 
die Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
einem 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 46f 
Absatz 5 
KWG 
einen 
niedrigeren 
Rang 
als 
andere, 
nicht-
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 38 InsO haben. 
Das bedeutet, dass die Forderungen der 
Anleihegläubiger aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insbesondere die Ansprüche auf 
Zahlung von Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen) 
erst 
berichtigt 
werden, 
wenn 
alle 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin zunächst vollständig berichtigt 
worden sind.]
Notice pursuant to § 46f paragraph 6, first 
sentence KWG: For the purposes of § 46f 
paragraph 6, 
first 
sentence 
KWG, 
the 
Noteholders are hereby notified that, pursuant 
to § 46f paragraph 5 KWG, in the event of 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
a lower rank than other unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer within the meaning of 
§ 38 InsO. This means, that the claims of the 
Noteholders under the Notes (in particular the 
claims for payment of principal and interest, if 
any) will only be satisfied if all of the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations have first been 
satisfied in full.]
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2)
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
als 
Instrumente 
des 
Ergänzungskapitals 
(Tier-2-Kapital) 
der 
Emittentin gemäß Artikel 63 CRR dienen. 
Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
begründen 
unmittelbare, 
nicht 
besicherte, 
unbedingte 
und 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation 
oder 
der 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin oder eines Vergleichs oder eines 
anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 63 CRR. The obligations under the 
Notes 
constitute 
direct, 
unsecured, 
unconditional and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. In the event of resolution measures 
imposed on the Issuer and in the event of the 
dissolution, 
liquidation, 
insolvency, 
composition or other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
untereinander 
und 
gleichrangig 
mit 
allen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
ebenso 
nachrangigen 
Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin; 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or 
future equally subordinated obliga-
tions of the Issuer; 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen allen 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, 
die 
gemäß 
ihren 
Bedingungen oder nach geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften gegenüber den 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
nachrangig sind oder ausdrücklich 
im Rang zurücktreten, im Rang vor 
und sind vorrangig zu den Verbind-
lichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
Instrumenten 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals der Emittentin gemäß 
Artikel 52ff. CRR; 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to all subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that pursuant to their 
terms or under applicable law rank, or 
are expressed to rank, subordinated 
to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes and rank senior to the 
obligations 
of 
the Issuer 
under 
Additional Tier 1 instruments of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 52 et seq.
CRR; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen den 
Vorrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) im Range vollständig 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's 
Senior 
Ranking 
Obligations 
(as 
defined below), so that in any such 
event the claims of the Noteholders

--- Page 35 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
35 
nach, so dass die Forderungen der 
Anleihegläubiger aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen (insbesondere die 
Ansprüche auf Zahlung von Kapital 
und etwaigen Zinsen) erst berichtigt 
werden, wenn alle Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
zunächst berichtigt worden sind. 
under the Notes (in particular the 
claims for payment of principal and 
interest, if any) will only be satisfied if 
all of the Issuer's Senior Ranking 
Obligations have first been satisfied in 
full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die vorrangig gegenüber den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einschließlich: 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" 
means all obligations of the Issuer which rank 
senior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes, including: 
(i) 
allen 
Forderungen 
nicht-
nachrangiger 
Gläubiger 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne des § 38 
InsO (einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, 
Forderungen 
gegen die Emittentin aus deren 
nicht-bevorrechtigten, 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
Schuldtiteln 
im 
Sinne von § 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 
KWG); 
(i) 
all 
claims 
of 
unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer within the 
meaning of § 38 InsO (including, 
but not limited to, claims against the 
Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f paragraph 6, first 
sentence KWG); 
(ii) 
allen in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO bezeichneten gesetzlich 
nachrangigen 
Forderungen 
gegen die Emittentin; und 
(ii) 
all statutorily subordinated claims 
against the Issuer specified in § 39 
paragraph 1 nos. 1 to 5 InsO; and 
(iii) 
allen 
vertraglich-nachrangigen 
Forderungen 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 39 Absatz 2 
InsO, 
die 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
den 
Forderungen 
gegen die Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, 
einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, 
allen 
Forderungen 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin, die gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 
7a 
KWG 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
den 
Forderungen 
gegen die Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen sind.]
(iii) 
all 
contractually 
subordinated 
claims pursuant to § 39 paragraph 
2 
InsO 
which, 
pursuant 
to 
mandatory provisions of law, rank 
senior to the claims against the 
Issuer under the Notes, including, 
but not limited to, all claims which 
rank senior to the claims against 
the 
Issuer 
under 
the 
Notes 
pursuant to § 46f paragraph 7a 
KWG.]
(2) 
Keine 
Aufrechnung. 
Kein 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen gegen etwaige gegen ihn gerichtete 
Forderungen der Emittentin aufzurechnen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen 
keinen 
Aufrechnungs- 
oder 
Nettingvereinbarungen, 
die 
deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit beeinträchtigen 
würden. 
(2) No set-off. No Noteholder may set-off any 
claims arising under the Notes against any 
claims that the Issuer may have against it. The 
Notes are not subject to any set-off 
arrangements or netting rights that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution, insolvency or liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
(3) 
Keine 
Sicherheiten. 
Für 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern keine Sicherheit durch 
die Emittentin oder durch Dritte gestellt; eine 
solche Sicherheit wird auch zu keinem 
Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. 
(3) No security. No security of whatever kind 
securing the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes is, or shall at any time be, provided 
by the Issuer or any other person to the 
Noteholders. 
(4) Hinweis auf die Möglichkeit von 
gesetzlichen Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Die 
zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach 
den 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen vor einer Insolvenz, Auflösung oder 
Liquidation der Emittentin herabschreiben 
(4) Note on the possibility of statutory 
resolution measures. Prior to any insolvency, 
dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer, under 
bank resolution laws applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time, the competent resolution 
authority may write down (including to zero) 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
convert them into equity (e.g. ordinary shares

--- Page 36 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
36 
(bis einschließlich auf null), in Eigenkapital 
(zum Beispiel Stammaktien der Emittentin) 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
treffen, 
einschließlich (jedoch nicht ausschließlich) 
einer Übertragung der Verbindlichkeiten auf 
einen 
anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen oder 
einer Löschung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen. 
of the Issuer) or apply any other resolution 
measure, including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another entity, an 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a 
cancellation of the Notes. 
Im Fall von 
nicht-bevor-
rechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß 
§ 2(1) nicht beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
jede 
anwendbare Kündigungsfrist nicht verkürzt 
werden. Werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(i) unter anderen als den in § 2 beschriebenen 
Umständen oder (ii) anders als infolge einer 
Kündigung 
oder 
eines 
Ankaufs 
nach 
Maßgabe 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
zurückgezahlt 
oder von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, so ist der gezahlte Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht 
auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren.]
[No subsequent agreement may limit the 
subordination pursuant to § 2(1) or shorten the 
term of the Notes or any applicable notice 
period. If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than (i) in 
the circumstances described in § 2 or (ii) as a 
result of a redemption or purchase as set forth 
in these Terms and Conditions, then the 
amounts paid must be returned to the Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to the contrary.]
In the case of 
non-preferred 
senior Notes 
and 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
[Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes insert:
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
Im Fall von 
festverzinsli-
chen Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ohne 
Step-Up bzw. 
Step-Down ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen 
auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn]
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) mit 
[Zinssatz] % per annum verzinst. 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum from and 
including [Interest Commencement Date]
(the "Interest Commencement Date"). 
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Notes without 
Step-Up or 
Step-Down 
the following 
applies 
Die Zinsen für jede Zinsperiode sind 
[jährlich / halbjährlich / vierteljährlich / 
[anderer 
Zeitraum]] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag] [(erster [langer] [kurzer]
Kupon)].]
Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
payable [annually / semi-annually / quarterly / 
[other time period]] in arrear on [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first 
payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date] [(first [long] [short]
coupon)].]
Im Fall von 
Step-Up bzw. 
Step-Down 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen 
auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungs-
beginn") (einschließlich) mit folgenden 
Zinssätzen verzinst: 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination at the following rates 
from and including [Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date"): 
In the case of 
Step-Up or 
Step-Down 
Notes the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
[●] % 
per 
annum
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Datum] (ausschließlich); 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
to 
but 
excluding [date]; 
4[[●] % per annum ab dem [Datum]
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Datum]
(ausschließlich)]; 
5[[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]]; 
4
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einzufügen.
5 
Further periods to be inserted.

--- Page 37 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
37 
[●] % 
per 
annum 
ab 
dem 
[Datum]
(einschließlich) bis zum Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich). 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
Die Zinsen für jede Zinsperiode sind 
[jährlich / halbjährlich / vierteljährlich / 
[anderer 
Zeitraum]] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag] [(erster [langer] [kurzer]
Kupon)].]
Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
payable [annually / semi-annually / quarterly / 
[other time period]] in arrear on [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The first 
payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date] [(first [long] [short]
coupon)].]
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. ab 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date and from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Zinstagequotient. Sofern Zinsen für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum zu berechnen 
sind, erfolgt die Berechnung dieser Zinsen 
auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten 
(wie nachstehend definiert). 
(2) Day Count Fraction. If interest is required 
to be calculated for any period of time, such 
interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of 
the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" 
[(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in 
die er fällt, oder kürzer als diese ist, 
die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (A) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
der 
betreffenden Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(B) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; 
und 
[(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (A) the number of 
days in such Determination Period 
and (B) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden Feststellungs-
periode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungsperioden, 
die üblicherweise in einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2)

--- Page 38 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
38 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden. 
the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in 
any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungstermin" bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) 
einfügen]; 
"Determination Date" means each 
[insert Determination Date(s)]; 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich).]
"Determination Period" means each 
period from and including a Determi-
nation Date in any year to but ex-
cluding the next Determination Date.]
Im Fall von 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
not falling in a leap year divided by 365).]
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365 oder, im Fall eines Zinszahlungstages, 
der in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 366.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/360" 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.]
In the case of 
"Actual/360" 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 
360/360 oder 
Bond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30/360, 
360/360 or 
Bond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in 
das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 39 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
39 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1
will be 30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der 
auf 
den 
letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist 
größer als 29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 
ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.]
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Ba-
sis ist Folgen-
des anwend-
bar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360, berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Ba-
sis the follow-
ing applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in 
das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
ausgedrückt 
als Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1
will be 30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der 
auf 
den 
letzten 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es 
sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem 
Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30.]
(3) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie 
zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung 
des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vom 
Tag 
der 
Fälligkeit bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
(3) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the day 
preceding the day on which they are due for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from the due date until the 
expiry of the day preceding the day of the actual

--- Page 40 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
40 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, in Höhe 
des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen.6] 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
interest established by law.7] 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There 
will not be any periodic payments of interest 
on the Notes. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlösen, fallen auf den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag bis zum Tag 
der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung Zinsen in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für 
Verzugszinsen an.8] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes as from the due date to 
the date of actual redemption at the default 
rate of interest established by law.9] 
§ 4 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, RÜCKKAUF 
§ 4 
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
angekauft 
und 
entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
am 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") zu ihrem Rückzah-
lungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf 
jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht [der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibung] [anderer Betrag]. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect 
of each Note shall be [its Specified 
Denomination] [other amount]. 
Falls die Emit-
tentin keine 
Call-Option 
hat, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[(2) Keine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin. Die Emittentin ist nur 
gemäß § 4(3) und § 4(4) berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung vor dem Endfälligkeitstag zu 
kündigen.]
[(2) No Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. Except as provided in § 4(3) and 
§ 4(4), the Issuer shall not be entitled to call 
the Notes for redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date.]
If the Issuer 
does not have 
a Call Option, 
the following 
applies 
Falls die Emit-
tentin eine 
Call-Option 
hat, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin.
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Issuer 
has a Call 
Option, the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) durch Mitteilung an die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 9 unter 
(a) 
Subject 
to 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase (as 
defined below) being fulfilled, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 
[five]
[other Minimum Notice to 
Noteholders] [and not more than 
[Maximum Notice to Noteholders]]
[days'] [Business Days'] [(as defined 
in 
§5(5))]
prior 
notice 
to 
the 
6
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
7 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB). 
8
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
9 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB).

--- Page 41 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
41 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht 
weniger 
als 
[fünf]
[andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist]
[und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist]] [Tagen]
[Geschäftstagen]
[(wie in §5(5) 
definiert)] mit Wirkung zu jedem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 
ausübt und die Rückzahlungs- und 
Rückkaufbedingungen erfüllt sind, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem in 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) zu ihrem 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: zuzüglich 
bis 
zu 
diesem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zin-
sen] zurückzuzahlen. 
Noteholders in accordance with § 9, 
redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Notes with effect as of 
each Call Redemption Date (as 
specified 
below). 
If 
the 
Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1 and the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase are 
fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) [in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes insert: 
together with accrued interest to but 
excluding such Call Redemption 
Date] on the Call Redemption Date 
fixed for redemption. 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)"
bezeichnet
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage(e) (Call) 
einfügen]10
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]11
(b) 
Eine solche Kündigung beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen und deren Wertpapier-
Kennnummern; und 
(i) 
the series and securities 
identification numbers of the 
Notes subject to redemption; 
and 
(ii) 
den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call). 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date 
fixed for redemption. 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus regulato-
rischen 
Gründen. 
Vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung der Rückzahlungs- und Rückkauf-
bedingungen (wie nachstehend definiert) ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, die ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
jederzeit 
durch 
Mitteilung an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 9 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
mit Wirkung zu dem in der Mitteilung für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu kün-
digen, 
wenn 
ein 
Aufsichtsrechtliches 
Ereignis (wie nachstehend definiert) eintritt. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Rückzahlungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 
ausübt 
und 
die 
Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen 
erfüllt sind, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem in der 
(3) Early 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. Subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase (as defined 
below) being fulfilled, the Issuer may, at any 
time on giving not less than 30 and not more 
than 60 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 9, redeem all, but not 
only some, of the outstanding Notes with 
effect as of the date of redemption fixed in the 
notice if a Regulatory Event (as defined below) 
occurs. If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance 
with 
sentence 
1 
and 
the 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
are fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: together with interest accrued to but 
10
Im Falle von bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen und nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen darf der 
erste Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) nicht vor dem ersten Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der letzten Tranche der Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen liegen. 
 
Im Falle von nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen darf der erste Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) nicht vor dem fünften Jahrestag des 
Tags der Begebung der letzten Tranche der Serie von Schuldverschreibungen liegen. 
11 In the case of preferred senior Notes and non-preferred senior Notes the first Call Redemption Date must not be earlier than the first 
anniversary of the issue date of the last Tranche of the series of Notes. 
 
In the case of subordinated Notes the first Call Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue date of 
the last Tranche of the series of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
42 
Mitteilung für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen] zurückzuzahlen. 
excluding the date fixed for redemption] on the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Ein "Aufsichtsrechtliches Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn aufgrund einer Änderung (oder 
einer anstehenden Änderung, die von der 
zuständigen Behörde als hinreichend sicher 
angesehen wird) (oder einer Änderung der 
Auslegung oder Anwendung) der in der 
Europäischen 
Union 
oder 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
geltenden 
Richtlinien, Gesetze, Verordnungen oder 
sonstigen Vorschriften, die an oder nach 
dem Tag der Begebung der letzten Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen in 
Kraft tritt, 
A "Regulatory Event" will occur if, as a result 
of any change (or any pending change which 
the competent authority considers to be 
sufficiently certain) in, or amendment to, (or 
any change in, or amendment to the 
interpretation or application of) the directives, 
laws, regulations or other rules applicable in 
the European Union or the Federal Republic 
of Germany becoming effective on or after the 
date of issue of the last tranche of this series 
of Notes, 
Im Fall von -
bevorrechtig-
ten nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und nicht-be-
vorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen 
(non-preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die Schuldverschreibungen nicht mehr die 
anwendbare 
MREL-Mindestanforderung 
einhalten, es sei denn, eine solche Nicht-
einhaltung beruht allein darauf, dass die 
verbleibende Restlaufzeit der Schuldver-
schreibungen unter die in den MREL-
Vorschriften genannte Mindestlaufzeit fällt 
oder dass die Anrechnungsobergrenzen für 
die Einbeziehung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen 
in 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder der 
Gruppe 
der 
Emittentin 
überschritten 
werden.]
[the Notes do no longer comply with the 
applicable MREL Requirement except where 
such non-compliance would merely be based 
on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less 
than any minimum period prescribed in the 
applicable MREL regulations or on any 
applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes 
in the eligible liabilities instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's group being exceeded.]
In the case of 
preferred 
Senior Notes 
or non-pre-
ferred Senior 
Notes the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[sich die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, 
was 
wahrscheinlich zu (i) ihrem Ausschluss von 
den Eigenmitteln im Sinne der CRR oder 
(ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als Eigenmittel 
geringerer 
Qualität 
führen 
würde, 
vorausgesetzt, dass bei einer Rückzahlung 
vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR erfüllt 
sind, nach denen die zuständige Behörde 
eine solche Rückzahlung nur gestatten 
kann, wenn (i) sie es für ausreichend sicher 
hält, 
dass 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Einstufung stattfindet 
und (ii) die Emittentin ihr hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Neueinstufung am Tag 
der Begebung der letzten Tranche dieser 
Serie von Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
vorherzusehen war.]
[there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes that would be likely 
to result in (i) their exclusion from the own 
funds under the CRR or (ii) a reclassification 
as own funds of a lower quality, provided that 
in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the Notes the 
conditions in Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, 
pursuant to which the competent authority 
may approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory 
classification to be sufficiently certain and (ii) 
the Issuer demonstrated to its satisfaction that 
the regulatory reclassification of the Notes 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the date of 
issue of the last tranche of this series of 
Notes.]
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
(4) 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen. Vorbehaltlich der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
jederzeit 
durch 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 9 
unter 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of 
Taxation. Subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase (as defined 
below) being fulfilled, the Issuer may, at any 
time on giving not less than 30 and not more 
than 60 days' prior notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 9, redeem all, but not 
only some, of the outstanding Notes with 
effect as of the date of redemption fixed in the

--- Page 43 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
43 
Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mit Wirkung 
zu dem in der Mitteilung für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag zu kündigen, wenn ein 
Gross-up-Ereignis 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) eintritt [im Fall von nachrangigen 
(Tier 
2) 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen:, 
und 
wenn, 
bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung vor dem fünften Jahrestag des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die Bedingungen 
in Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR erfüllt sind, nach 
denen die zuständige Behörde eine solche 
Rückzahlung nur gestatten kann, wenn sich 
die geltende steuerliche Behandlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert und die 
Emittentin ihr hinreichend nachgewiesen 
hat, dass die Änderung der steuerlichen 
Behandlung wesentlich ist und am Tag der 
Begebung der letzten Tranche dieser Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorherzusehen war]. Wenn die Emittentin 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 1 
ausübt 
und 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen an dem in der Mitteilung für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag zu ihrem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Schuldverschrei-
bungen einfügen: zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen]
zurückzuzahlen. 
notice if a Gross up Event (as defined below) 
occurs [in the case of subordinated (Tier 2) 
Notes insert:, and, in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date 
of the Notes, if the conditions in Article 
78(4)(b) CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes which 
the Issuer demonstrated to its satisfaction is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable 
at the date of issue of the last tranche of this 
series of Notes]. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1 and the 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
are fulfilled, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) [in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
insert: together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption] on the 
date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet 
wäre, Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 
definiert) zu zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin 
der Hauptzahlstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), 
aus dem hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin 
aufgrund einer Änderung oder Klarstellung 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen Vorschriften, oder aufgrund einer 
Änderung oder Klarstellung der Auslegung 
oder Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung 
dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein Gericht 
oder eine Behörde (einschließlich des 
Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
von 
Entscheidungen 
eines 
Gerichts 
oder 
einer 
Behörde) 
verpflichtet ist oder verpflichtet sein wird, 
Zusätzliche Beträge gemäß § 6 auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen, wenn 
die Änderung oder Klarstellung an oder 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich des 
Falles, dass die betreffende Änderung oder 
Klarstellung 
rückwirkend 
Anwendung 
findet), 
und 
die 
Emittentin 
diese 
Verpflichtung nicht abwenden kann, indem 
sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie nach Treu 
und Glauben für zumutbar und angemessen 
hält. 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognised law firm has been delivered to 
the Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the 
Principal Paying Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the interpretation or application, or as a result 
of any interpretation or application made for 
the first time, of any such laws, regulations or 
other rules by any legislative body, court or 
authority (including the enactment of any 
legislation and the publication of any decision 
of any court or authority), which change, 
amendment or clarification becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the last tranche 
of this series of Notes (including in case any 
such change, amendment or clarification has 
retroactive effect), the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking such measures it (acting in good faith) 
deems reasonable and appropriate.

--- Page 44 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
44 
Eine solche Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, 
muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Tag nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rück-
zahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umstände darlegt. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must 
set forth a statement in summary form of the 
facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
(5) Rückkauf. Vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist die Emittentin oder eine 
Tochtergesellschaft berechtigt, Schuldver-
schreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zurückzukaufen. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
(5) Repurchase. Subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase (as defined 
below) being fulfilled, the Issuer or any 
subsidiary may repurchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise. Such acquired Notes 
may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(6) Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen. Die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen" sind an einem 
Tag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
geplanten 
Rückkauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt, 
wenn 
die 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde und/oder die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
ihre 
vorherige Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 77ff. 
CRR oder einer Nachfolgebestimmung 
erteilt hat. Zum Zeitpunkt der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen setzt eine solche 
Zustimmung 
voraus, 
dass 
eine 
der 
folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(6) Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. The 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase" are fulfilled 
on any day with respect to an early redemption 
or a planned repurchase of the Notes, if the 
competent supervisory authority and/or the 
competent resolution authority has granted 
the Issuer the prior permission in accordance 
with Articles 77 et seq. CRR or any successor 
provision. At the time of the issuance of the 
Notes, such permission requires that either of 
the following conditions is met: 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtig-
ten nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und nicht-be-
vorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen 
(non-preferred 
senior)
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die Schuldver-
schreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig 
mit der Rückzahlung oder dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente oder durch 
Instrumente 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten 
zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, 
die 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind; oder 
[(i) 
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments or with eligible 
liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or 
In the case of 
preferred 
Senior Notes 
or non-pre-
ferred Senior 
Notes the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
(ii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, 
dass 
ihre 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nach 
der 
Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf 
die Anforderungen nach der CRD, 
der CRR und der BRRD um eine 
Spanne 
übersteigen, 
die 
die 
zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde im 
Einvernehmen mit der zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde für erforderlich 
hält; oder 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
competent 
resolution authority that the own funds 
and eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
would, following such redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements 
laid down in the CRD, the CRR and 
the BRRD by a margin that the 
competent resolution authority, in 
agreement 
with 
the 
competent 
supervisory 
authority, 
considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, dass die teilweise 
oder vollständige Ersetzung der 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente erforderlich 
ist, 
um 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the resolution authority 
that the partial or full replacement of 
the eligible liabilities with own funds 
instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds 
requirements laid down in the CRR

--- Page 45 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
45 
Eigenmittelanforderungen 
gemäß 
der CRR und der CRD zum Zwecke 
einer dauerhaften Zulassung zu 
gewährleisten.]
and 
the 
CRD 
for 
continuing 
authorisation.]
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die Schuldver-
schreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig 
mit der Rückzahlung oder dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, 
die 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind; oder 
[(i) 
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; 
or 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
ap-plies 
(ii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, 
dass 
ihre 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nach 
der 
Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf 
die Anforderungen nach der CRD, 
der CRR und der BRRD um eine 
Spanne 
übersteigen, 
die 
die 
zuständige Behörde für erforderlich 
hält; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the competent authority 
that the own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer would, following 
such 
redemption 
or 
repurchase, 
exceed the requirements laid down in 
the CRD, the CRR and the BRRD by 
a margin that the competent authority 
considers necessary; 
wobei 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
der 
Emittentin für eine Rückzahlung oder einen 
Rückkauf 
eine 
allgemeine 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
für 
einen 
bestimmten 
Zeitraum, der auf ein Jahr begrenzt ist und 
danach verlängert werden kann, und einen 
vorab 
von 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegten Betrag erteilen kann, die 
Kriterien unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede derartige künftige Rückzahlung bzw. 
jeder 
derartige 
künftige 
Rückkauf 
im 
Einklang mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) 
festgelegten Bedingungen vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer Fähigkeit 
trifft, 
mit 
Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen 
Beträge 
übersteigen, tätig zu sein. 
provided that the competent authority may 
grant the Issuer a general prior permission to 
make a redemption or a repurchase for a 
specified period, which shall not exceed one 
year, after which it may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as set by the 
competent authority, subject to criteria that 
ensure that any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance with the 
conditions set out in points (i) and (ii) above, if 
the Issuer provides sufficient safeguards as to 
its capacity to operate with own funds above 
the amounts required in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations. 
Zusätzlich gilt bei einer Rückzahlung bzw. 
einem Rückkauf vor dem fünften Jahrestag 
des Tags der Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen: 
Additionally, in the event of a redemption or, 
as the case may be, a repurchase prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes, 
the following applies: 
(i) 
Wenn die Emittentin, die Schuldver-
schreibungen aus regulatorischen 
oder steuerlichen Gründen kündigt 
oder zurückkauft, müssen die in 
§ 4(3) 
bzw. 
§ 4(4) 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung 
der letzten Tranche dieser Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
genannten 
Bedingungen 
erfüllt 
sein. 
(i) 
If the Issuer redeems or repurchases 
the Notes for regulatory reasons or 
reasons of taxation the conditions in 
§ 4(3) or, as the case may be, § 4(4) 
in respect of a redemption prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the date of issue of 
the last tranche of this series of Notes 
must be met. 
(ii) 
Eine 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
ein 
Rückkauf von Schuldverschreibun-
gen, der die unter (i) beschriebenen 
Vorgaben nicht erfüllt, ist nur 
zulässig, wenn 
(ii) 
A redemption or repurchase of Notes 
that does not meet the conditions set 
forth under (i) requires either that 
(A) 
die Emittentin die Schuld-
verschreibungen vor oder 
gleichzeitig 
mit 
der 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
dem 
(A) 
before or at the same time of 
the 
redemption 
or 
the 
repurchase 
the 
Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
46 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität 
zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind, 
ersetzt und die zuständige 
Behörde die Rückzahlung 
bzw. den Rückkauf auf der 
Grundlage der Feststellung 
erlaubt hat, dass sie aus 
aufsichtlicher 
Sicht 
vorteilhaft 
und 
durch 
außergewöhnliche 
Umstände gerechtfertigt ist, 
oder 
funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that 
are 
sustainable 
for 
the 
income capacity of the Issuer 
and the competent authority 
has permitted the redemption 
or the repurchase on the 
basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial 
from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(B) 
die Schuldverschreibungen 
für Market-Making-Zwecke 
innerhalb 
der 
von 
der 
zuständigen Behörde ge-
nehmigten 
Grenzen 
zurückgekauft werden.]
(B) 
the Notes are repurchased for 
market 
making 
purposes 
within the limits permitted by 
the competent authority.]
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
des 
Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder einen 
Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn eine solche 
Rückzahlung oder ein solcher Rückkauf im 
Einklang mit zumindest einer alternativen 
oder weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann 
muss die Emittentin jeder dieser etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen 
Voraussetzungen (wie jeweils anwendbar) 
entsprechen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption or repurchase, the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the 
redemption 
or 
repurchase 
only 
after 
compliance with one or more alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to those set out 
above, the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, 
as 
applicable, 
additional 
pre-
conditions, if any. 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 77ff. CRR durch 
die zuständige Behörde stellt in keinem Fall 
eine Pflichtverletzung dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
competent authority to grant permission in 
accordance with Articles 77 et. seq., CRR 
shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
(7) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(7) Early Redemption Amount. 
Im Fall von 
festverzinsli-
chen Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[Für die Zwecke des § 4[(2)][(3)] [bis][und]
(4) entspricht der "Vorzeitige Rückzah-
lungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung der Schuldverschreibung.]
[For purposes of § 4[(2)][(3)] [to][and] (4) the 
"Early Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each 
Note 
shall 
be 
its 
Specified 
Denomination.]
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Notes the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(a) 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
§ 4[(2)]
[bis][und] 
(4) 
entspricht 
der 
"Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Amortisationsbetrag. 
[(a) 
For purposes of § 4[(2)] [to][and] (4) 
the "Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Note shall be its 
Amortized Face Amount. 
In the case of 
Zero Coupon 
Notes the fol-
lowing ap-
plies 
(b) 
Der "Amortisationsbetrag" einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem Produkt aus 
(b) 
The "Amortized Face Amount" of a 
Note shall be an amount equal to the 
product of 
(i) 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung und 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination, 
and 
(ii) 
dem 
Ergebnis 
der 
folgenden Formel: 
(ii) 
the result of the following 
formula: 
𝑅𝐾× (1 + 𝐸𝑅)𝑦
𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
47 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"RK" 
entspricht 
[Referenzkurs 
ausgedrückt als Prozent-
satz]; 
"RP" 
means 
[Reference 
Price 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage]; 
"ER" 
entspricht [Emissionsren-
dite ausgedrückt als Dezi-
malbetrag], und 
"AY" 
means [Amortisation Yield 
expressed as a decimal]; 
and 
"y" 
entspricht [einer Bruchzahl, 
deren 
Zähler 
der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Tagen ab dem [Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
ersten 
Tranche der Schuldver-
schreibungen]
(einschließlich) bis zu dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
vorgesehenen 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
oder 
(gegebenenfalls) dem Tag, 
an dem die betreffende 
Schuldverschreibung fällig 
und 
rückzahlbar 
wird, 
(ausschließlich), entspricht 
und deren Nenner 366 ist 
für die Tage des Zeitraums, 
die in ein Schaltjahr fallen 
und 365 ist für die Tage des 
Zeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen] [anderer 
Zinstagekoeffizient].]
"y" 
is [a fraction the numerator of 
which is equal to the actual 
number of days from and 
including [Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes]
to but excluding the date fixed 
for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and 
repayable 
and 
the 
denominator of which is 366 
for the days of the period 
falling in a leap year and 365 
for the days of the period 
falling in a non-leap year]
[other day count fraction].]
(8) Kein Recht der Anleihegläubiger zur 
Kündigung oder zur Fälligstellung. Die 
Anleihegläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen oder 
deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung zu verlangen. 
(8) No Right of Termination or Acceleration by 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to terminate or otherwise accelerate 
the redemption of the Notes 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen 
auf Kapital in Bezug auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
§ 5(2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
(falls anwendbar) dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1)(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be made, subject to § 5(2) below, to 
the Clearing System or (if applicable) 
to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System outside the United 
States. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
(falls anwendbar) dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 5(2), to the Clearing 
System or (if applicable) to its order 
for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlun-
gen auf eine 
vorläufige 
Globalur-
kunde ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe 
von § 5(2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder (falls anwendbar) dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
[Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to § 5(2), 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
or 
(if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing 
System, 
upon 
due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest 
payable on a 
Temporary 
Global Note 
the following 
applies

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
48 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the 
Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die
zunächst 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: § 1(3) und des]
§ 5(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und 
des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der 
US-amerikanischen Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American 
Samoa, 
Wake 
Island 
und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the 
case of Notes which are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note the following 
applies: § 1(3) and] § 5(1), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung 
der 
Zahlung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Geschäftstage. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag ist, dann hat der 
Anleihegläubiger 
keinen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag. 
Der Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen einfügen: weitere] Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. Für diese Zwecke 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem 
das 
Clearingsystem 
[sowie 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)]
Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
abwickeln] [.] [und] [[sowie] alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Real-time Gross Settlement 
System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
(5) Business Days. If the due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day, then the Noteholder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next such day 
and shall not be entitled to [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes insert: further] interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which the Clearing System [as well as 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)] settle 
payments in the Specified Currency] [.] [and]
[[as well as] all relevant parts of the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) are 
open to effect payments.]
(6) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuld-
verschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen; den Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbe-
trag; sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige 
auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen zahlbaren Beträge. [Im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen einfügen: Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuld-
verschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 6 zahlbaren 
Zusätzlichen Beträge ein.]
(6) References. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: the Final Redemption Amount; the 
Early Redemption Amount; and any premium 
and any other amounts which may be payable 
under or in respect of the Notes. [In the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes insert: References in 
these Terms and Conditions to interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, 
as 
applicable, 
any 
Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 6.]
(7) Unbeschadet der Bestimmungen des § 6 
unterliegen alle Zahlungen in jedem Fall 
allen anwendbaren Steuer- und anderen 
Gesetzen, Verordnungen und Richtlinien 
und die Emittentin ist nicht für irgendwelche 
Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art 
verantwortlich, 
die 
aufgrund 
solcher 
(7) All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations 
and directives and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
or directives, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 6. No commission or expense

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
49 
gesetzlichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder 
Verordnungen 
auferlegt 
oder 
erhoben 
werden. Den Anleihegläubigern werden 
wegen solcher Zahlungen keine Kosten 
entstehen. 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect 
of such payments. 
§ 6 
STEUERN 
§ 6 
TAXATION 
(1) Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Abgaben 
oder 
amtlicher Gebühren gleich welcher Art zu 
leisten, die von oder in einer Relevanten 
Jurisdiktion (wie nachstehend definiert), in 
der die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, 
oder für deren bzw. dessen Rechnung oder 
von oder für Rechnung einer dort jeweils zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
auferlegt, erhoben oder eingezogen werden 
(nachstehend 
zusammen 
"Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, 
ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
"Relevante 
Jurisdiktion" bezeichnet den Staat, in der 
die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist. Sofern 
die Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem solchen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt in Bezug auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen auf 
Kapital) verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
die zusätzlichen Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, 
damit der dem Anleihegläubiger nach 
diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt zufließende 
Nettobetrag jeweils den Beträgen an Zinsen 
entspricht, die ihm zustehen würden, wenn 
der Abzug oder Einbehalt nicht erforderlich 
wäre. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind 
jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen Quellensteuern, 
(1) All amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes shall be paid without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties or governmental charges 
of any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or 
collected by or in or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined below) or by or on 
behalf of any political subdivision or authority 
in any of them having power to tax (hereinafter 
together called "Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. "Relevant Jurisdiction" means each of 
the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes. If the Issuer is required by law to 
make any such deduction or withholding on 
payments of interest (but not in respect of the 
payment of any principal in respect of the 
Notes), the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as may 
be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Noteholder after such 
deduction or withholding shall equal the 
respective amounts of interest which would 
have been receivable had no such deduction 
or withholding been required. No such 
Additional 
Amounts 
shall, 
however, 
be 
payable on account of any Withholding Taxes: 
(a) 
die von einer als depotführende 
Stelle oder Inkassobeauftragter des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere 
Weise 
zu 
entrichten 
sind 
als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus 
den 
von 
ihr 
zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen 
einen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a) 
which are payable by any person 
acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does 
not 
constitute 
a 
deduction 
or 
withholding 
by 
the 
Issuer 
from 
payments made by it; or 
(b) 
die wegen einer gegenwärtigen 
oder früheren persönlichen oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
einer 
Relevanten Jurisdiktion oder einem 
anderen Staat der Europäischen 
Union zu zahlen sind, und nicht 
allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen 
in 
der 
Relevanten 
Jurisdiktion stammen (oder für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung 
so 
behandelt 
werden) 
oder 
dort 
besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
which are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having had, 
some 
personal 
or 
business 
connection 
with 
any 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any other member 
state of the European Union and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, 
or for purposes of taxation are 
deemed to be, derived from sources 
in, or are secured in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein 
Anleihegläubiger 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Formulars 
oder 
einer 
Bescheinigung 
und/oder 
durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder 
Inanspruchnahme 
einer 
vergleichbaren 
Ausnahme 
oder 
(c) 
the withholding or deduction of which 
a Noteholder would be able to avoid 
by presenting any form or certificate 
and/or making a declaration of non-
residence 
or 
similar 
claim 
for 
exemption or refund but fails to do so; 
or

--- Page 50 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
50 
Geltendmachung 
eines 
Erstattungsanspruches 
hätte 
vermeiden 
können, 
aber 
nicht 
vermieden hat; oder 
(d) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung 
der 
Europäischen 
Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der 
eine Relevante Jurisdiktion oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist/sind, 
oder 
(iii) 
einer 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(d) 
which are deducted or withheld 
pursuant to (i) any European Union 
Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of savings, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which 
any Relevant Jurisdiction or the 
European Union is a party/are parties, 
or 
(iii) 
any 
provision 
of 
law 
implementing, or complying with, or 
introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, 
Regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(e) 
die von einer Zahlung an einen 
Anleihegläubiger abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind, der in einem 
nicht 
kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb 
(Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz) wie jeweils geändert 
oder 
ersetzt 
(einschließlich 
der 
aufgrund 
von 
diesem 
Gesetz 
ergangenen Verordnungen) ansässig 
ist. 
(e) 
which are to be deducted or withheld 
from any payment to be made to a 
Noteholder being resident in a non-
cooperative country or territory (nicht 
kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) 
within the meaning of the act to prevent 
tax evasion and unfair tax competition 
(Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this act). 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
Zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu 
zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue 
Code (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung 
oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit 
diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit 
dem US-amerikanischen Internal Revenue 
Service geschlossenen Verträgen von der 
Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
("FATCA-
Steuerabzug") oder Anleihegläubiger in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug 
schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation 
to 
pay 
Additional 
Amounts 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
relevant Paying Agent or any other party in 
relation to any withholding or deduction of any 
amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 
(or any amended or successor provisions), 
pursuant 
to 
any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
Withholding"), 
or to 
indemnify any Noteholder in relation to any 
FATCA Withholding. 
§ 7 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 7 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die 
in 
§ 801 
Absatz 1 
Satz 1 
BGB 
bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 8 
HAUPTZAHLSTELLE UND ZAHLSTELLE 
§ 8 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING 
AGENT 
(1) Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. Die Hauptzahlstelle und 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten 
wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; 
Specified 
Offices. 
The 
Principal Paying Agent and its specified 
offices are: 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
Principal Paying Agent:

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
51 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Die Hauptzahlstelle behält sich das Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben 
Land zu ersetzen. 
The Principal Paying Agent reserves the right 
at any time to change its specified offices to 
some other specified offices in the same 
country. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen 
(gemeinsam mit der Hauptzahlstelle, die 
"Zahlstellen" und jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu 
benennen. Die Emittentin behält sich ferner 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der 
Hauptzahlstelle oder einer Zahlstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Hauptzahlstelle oder andere Zahlstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem 
Zeitpunkt eine Hauptzahlstelle unterhalten. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber gemäß 
§ 9 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent"). The 
Issuer further reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent 
and to appoint another Principal Paying Agent 
or another Paying Agent. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 9. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
und 
es 
wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Anleihegläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Principal Paying 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust to any Noteholder. 
§ 9 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 9 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die zum Han-
del am regu-
lierten Markt 
einer Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) 
erfolgen alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
in 
deutscher 
oder 
englischer 
Sprache 
[sowie 
in 
einer 
führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
[Ort 
einfügen], 
voraussichtlich [Zeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung einfügen]]. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
wirksam 
erfolgt.] 
[(1) Publication. Subject to § 11(8) all notices 
concerning the Notes will be made in the 
federal gazette (Bundesanzeiger) in the 
German or English language [and in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in 
[specify location], presumably in the [insert 
applicable 
newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation]]. Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the date of the first such 
publication).]
In the case of 
Notes which 
are admitted 
to trading on 
the regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change the 
following ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
Schuldversch
reibungen, die 
zum Handel 
an einer 
Börse zuge-
lassen sind 
und falls eine 
Mitteilung 
durch elektro-
nische Publi-
kation auf der 
Internetseite 
der betref-
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) 
erfolgen alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
in 
deutscher 
oder 
englischer Sprache und soweit die Regeln 
der [betreffende Börse einfügen] dies 
verlangen, durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Internetseite der [betreffende 
Börse 
einfügen] 
([Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag 
[(1) Publication. Subject to § 11(8) all notices 
concerning the Notes will be made in the 
federal gazette (Bundesanzeiger) in the 
German or English language and to the extent 
required by the rules of the [insert relevant 
stock exchange] by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
[insert relevant stock exchange] ([insert 
internet address]). Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the 
day of such publication (or, if published more 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are admitted 
to trading on 
a stock ex-
change and if 
notices may 
be given by 
means of 
electronic 
publication on 
the website of 
the relevant 
stock

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
52 
fenden Börse 
möglich ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.]
than once, on the first day of such 
publication).]
exchange, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die zum 
Handel am 
regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse zuge-
lassen werden 
und falls die 
Regularien 
dieser Börse 
es zulassen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.
Sofern die Vorschriften der [betreffende 
Börse einfügen] es zulassen und sofern 
eine Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem 
§ 9(1) rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung 
nach vorstehendem § 9(1) durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.]
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the 
rules of the [insert relevant stock exchange]
so permit and if a publication set forth in § 9(1) 
is not legally required, the Issuer may, in lieu 
of publication set forth in § 9(1) above, deliver 
the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed 
to 
have 
been 
given 
to 
the 
Noteholders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]
In the case of 
Notes which 
are admitted 
to trading on 
the regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change and in 
which case 
the rules of 
such stock 
exchange 
allow for this 
way of 
publication, 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die nicht an 
einer Börse 
notiert sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) wird die Emittentin alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
als 
den 
Anleihegläubigern wirksam mitgeteilt.]
[Notification to Clearing System. Subject to 
§ 11(8) the Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to 
the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the 
Noteholders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]
In case of 
Notes which 
are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVER-
SCHREIBUNGEN 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger weitere 
Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit 
Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Emissionspreises) 
in 
der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, issue further 
Tranches of Notes having the same conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except 
for 
the 
issue 
date, 
Interest 
Commencement Date and/or issue price) so 
as to form a single series with the Notes. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, NOTEHOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses der Anleihegläubiger 
nach Maßgabe der §§ 5ff. des Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung ändern. Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in 
§ 5 
Absatz 3 
SchVG 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen, durch Beschlüsse mit den in 
dem nachstehenden § 11(2) genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer may amend the Terms and 
Conditions with the consent of a majority 
resolution of the Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 
et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen aus Gesamtemissionen), as amended 
from time to time (the "SchVG"). In particular, 
the Noteholders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including 
such 
measures 
as 
provided 
for 
under 
§ 5 
paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions passed by 
such majority of the votes of the Bondholders 
as stated under § 11(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding equally 
upon all Noteholders.

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
53 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtig-
ten nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und nicht-be-
vorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen 
(non-preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß diesem § 11(1) steht unter dem 
Vorbehalt 
[An amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
under this § 11(1) is subject to 
In the case of 
preferred Se-
nior Notes or 
non-preferred 
Senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
als 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 72b CRR; und 
(a) 
the compliance with the requirements 
of regulatory law for the recognition of 
the 
Notes 
as 
eligible 
liabilities 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72b CRR; and 
(b) 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
zuständigen Abwicklungsbehörde.]
(b) 
the prior permission of the competent 
supervisory 
authority 
and/or 
the 
competent resolution authority of the 
Issuer.]
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Das Recht der Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 11(1) steht unter dem Vorbehalt 
[The Issuer's right under this § 11(1) is subject 
to 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
ap-plies 
(a) 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
als 
Instrumente 
des 
Ergänzungskapitals 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR der Emittentin; und 
(a) 
the compliance with the requirements 
of regulatory law for the recognition of 
the Notes as Tier 2 instruments of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 63 CRR; 
and 
(b) 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde.]
(b) 
the prior permission of the competent 
supervisory authority of the Issuer.]
Eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen 
ohne Zustimmung der Emittentin scheidet 
aus. 
There will be no amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse.
Die 
Anleihegläubiger entscheiden, vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, mit einer Mehrheit von 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird 
und die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 
3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 9 des SchVG betreffen, 
bedürfen, vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast, 
provided 
that the 
quorum 
requirements are met. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 
1 to 9 of the SchVG require a simple majority 
of the votes cast, provided that the quorum 
requirements are met. 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Beschlüsse der 
Anleihegläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG 
gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Noteholders. Resolutions of 
Noteholders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in 
accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a 
Noteholder's meeting in accordance with § 9 
SchVG. 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme 
an der Gläubigerversammlung und die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der 
Einberufung 
mitgeteilten 
Adresse 
spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
(4) Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' 
prior 
registration. 
The 
registration must be received at the address 
stated in the convening notice no later than the 
third day preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate 
their eligibility to participate in the vote by

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
54 
Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. Mit der 
Anmeldung müssen die Anleihegläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten 
besonderen 
Nachweis 
der 
Depotbank gemäß § 12(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem Tag der Absendung der Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) bis zum angegebenen Ende 
der Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 12(4)(i)(a) 
and (b) in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable 
from and including the day such registration 
has been sent until and including the stated 
end of the meeting. 
(5) 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung.
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen 
die Anleihegläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen 
in Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis 
der Depotbank gemäß § 12(4)(i)(a) und (b) 
und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab 
dem Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) Vote without a meeting. Together with 
casting 
their 
votes 
Noteholders 
must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the 
vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 12(4)(i)(a)
and (b) in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable 
from and including the day such votes have 
been cast until and including the day the 
voting period ends. 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. Wird für die 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 11(4) oder 
die Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gemäß 
§ 11(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, 
kann 
– 
im 
Fall 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von 
§ 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
zweite 
Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 
Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Versammlung und die 
Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind von einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
abhängig. 
Für 
die 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger zu einer 
zweiten 
Versammlung 
gelten 
die 
Regelungen des § 11(4) entsprechend. 
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to 
§ 11(4) or the vote without a meeting pursuant 
to § 11(5), in case of a meeting the chairman 
(Vorsitzender) 
may 
convene 
a 
second 
meeting in accordance with § 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting 
within 
the 
meaning 
of 
§ 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. 
Attendance at the second meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' prior registration. The provisions 
set out in § 11(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to the Noteholders' registration for a second 
meeting. 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter.
(7) Noteholders' Representative. 
Falls kein Ge-
meinsamer 
Vertreter in 
den Anlei-
hebedingun-
gen bestellt 
wird, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter 
(der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle 
Anleihegläubiger bestellen. Die Bestellung 
eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer 
Mehrheit gemäß § 11(2) Satz 1, wenn er 
ermächtigt werden soll, Änderungen des 
wesentlichen 
Inhalts 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Maßnahmen zuzustimmen.]
[The Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint 
a 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Noteholders' Representative") to exercise 
the Noteholders' rights on behalf of each 
Noteholder. 
The 
appointment 
of 
a 
Noteholders' Representative may only be 
passed by a majority pursuant to § 11(2) 
sentence 1 
if 
such 
Noteholders' 
Representative is to be authorised to consent 
to a material change in the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions or other material 
matters.]
If no Note-
holders' Rep-
resentative is 
designated in 
the Terms and 
Conditions, 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall der Be-
stellung des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in 
den Anlei-
hebedingun-
gen, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter] (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter"). 
Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
Gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder 
grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.]
[The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Noteholders' Representative") shall be
[Noteholders' Representative]. The liability 
of the Noteholders' Representative shall be 
limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, 
unless 
the 
Noteholders' 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross 
negligence.]
If the Note-
holders' Re-
presentative 
is appointed 
in the Terms 
and Condi-
tions, the 
following 
applies

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
55 
Der 
Gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
hat 
die 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm 
durch 
Gesetz 
oder 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Anleihegläubiger zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung 
von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
ermächtigt 
ist, 
sind 
die 
einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung 
dieser 
Rechte 
nicht 
befugt, es sei denn, der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine 
Tätigkeit hat der Gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Noteholders' Representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted 
by 
majority 
resolution 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Noteholders' 
Representative 
shall 
comply 
with 
the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the Noteholders' Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the 
Noteholders, the Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, 
unless explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority 
resolution. 
The 
Noteholders' 
Representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The regulations 
of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall 
and the other rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders' Representative. 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung.
Alle 
Bekanntmachungen diesen § 11 betreffend 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(8) Publication. Any notices concerning this 
§ 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG. 
§ 12 
SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN 
§ 12 
FINAL CLAUSES 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Anleihegläubiger 
und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be governed 
by German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Kornwestheim, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(2) Place 
of 
performance. 
Place 
of 
performance 
is 
Kornwestheim, 
Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Schuldversch
reibungen mit 
einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
ausschließlichen 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
rechtliche 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG ist das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(3) Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, non-exclusive 
court of venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes is the district 
court (Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
In the case of 
Notes issued 
with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of less than 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Schuldversch
reibungen mit 
einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von 
mindestens 
EUR 100.000 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
ausschließlichen 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
rechtliche 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dem 
SchVG 
ist 
ausschließlich das Landgericht Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zuständig für 
sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(3) Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, the district court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic of 
Germany, shall be the exclusive court of 
venue 
for 
any 
action 
or 
other 
legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued 
with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of at least 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit, 
in 
dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder 
(4) Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in any 
Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Noteholder and the Issuer are parties, 
protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined 
below) with whom such Noteholder maintains 
a securities account in respect of the Notes

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions Option I 
56 
geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Anleihegläubigers enthält, 
(b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht 
sind 
und 
(c) bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die 
die 
vorstehend 
unter 
(a) 
und 
(b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre [im Fall der Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger 
als EUR 100.000 gilt Folgendes: oder (iii) 
auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande, in 
dem der Rechtsstreit durchgeführt wird, 
prozessual zulässig ist]. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" 
jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der 
/ 
dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such 
statement 
and 
(c) confirming 
that 
the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the 
Note in global form certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the actual 
records or the global note representing the 
Notes [in the case of Notes issued with a 
Specified Denomination of less than EUR 
100,000, the following applies: or (iii) any 
other means of proof permitted in legal 
proceedings in the country of enforcement]. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage 
in securities custody business with which the 
Noteholder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
§ 13 
SPRACHE 
§ 13 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die An-
leihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions are to be 
in the German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation 
the following 
applies 
Falls die An-
leihebedin-
gungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
sind 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend 
und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for 
convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Condi-
tions are to be 
in the English 
language with 
a German 
language 
translation 
insert

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
57 
OPTION 
II 
– 
Anleihebedingungen 
für 
variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibun-
gen (außer Pfandbriefen) 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply 
to 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
(other 
than 
Pfandbriefe) 
Der folgende 
Absatz ist nur 
auf Schuldver-
schreibungen 
mit Zeich-
nungsfrist an-
wendbar, bei 
denen der Ge-
samtnennbe-
trag und/oder 
Preiskompo-
nenten zu ei-
nem späteren 
Datum festge-
setzt werden. 
[[Der Gesamtnennbetrag / [und] folgende 
Preiskomponenten: [●]] [wird / werden] von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) 
am [Datum] festgesetzt und [zusammen mit 
[●]] unverzüglich danach [auf der Internetseite 
[der 
Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.de) / [Börse 
(Internet-Adresse)]] / in [Tageszeitung(en)] / 
[●]] bekannt gemacht.]
[[The aggregate principal amount / [and] follow-
ing price components: [●]] will be determined in 
the reasonable discretion of the Issuer pursuant 
to § 315 German Civil Code (BGB) on [date]
and [together with [●]] notified without undue 
delay 
[on 
the 
website 
of 
[Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-
ag.de) / [stock exchange (Internet Address)]]
/ in [newspaper(s)] / [●]].]
The following 
paragraph shall 
only be 
applicable to 
Notes with a 
Subscription 
Period and 
where the ag-
gregate prin-
cipal amount 
and/or price 
components 
will be deter-
mined on a later 
date. 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIN-
ZELNE DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldver-
schreibungen") der Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "Festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von [bis zu]
[Gesamtnennbetrag]
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung]12
(die "Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of 
notes (the "Notes") of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is being issued 
in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the Global Note is an NGN insert: 
(subject to § 1(4))] of [up to] [aggregate 
principal amount] (in words: [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in denominations 
of [Specified Denomination]13 (the "Specified 
Denomination").
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten 
auf den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschrei-
bungen sind durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Hauptzahlstelle oder in deren Namen 
mit einer handschriftlichen oder faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, 
und 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: und 
trägt die handschriftliche oder faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des common 
safekeepers]. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger, die Ausstellung und Lieferung 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without interest 
coupons. The Permanent Global Note bears the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of duly 
authorised representatives of the Issuer and is 
provided with a handwritten or facsimile control 
signature by or on behalf of the Principal Paying 
Agent [in the case of Notes kept in custody 
on behalf of the ICSDs and the global note is 
an NGN insert: and bears the handwritten or 
facsimile signature by or on behalf of the 
common safekeeper]. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued and the right 
of the Noteholders to request the issue and 
delivery of definitive Notes shall be excluded.]
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented by 
a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following 
applies 
12
Im Fall von nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen (non-preferred senior) und nachrangigen (Tier 2) Schuldverschreibungen, die 
an Kleinanleger vertrieben werden sollen, beträgt die Mindeststückelung EUR 50.000.
13 In case of non-preferred senior and subordinated (Tier 2) Notes to be distributed to retail clients, the minimum denomination will be 
EUR 50,000.

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
58 
von 
Einzelurkunden 
zu 
verlangen, 
wird 
ausgeschlossen.]
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
initially 
represented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following ap-
plies 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind an-
fänglich durch eine vorläufige Global-
urkunde (die "vorläufige Globalur-
kunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dau-
erglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vor-
läufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
handschriftlichen oder faksimilierten Un-
terschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevoll-
mächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin[,]
[und] 
sind 
jeweils 
von 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, 
und die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
einfügen: 
und 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
handschriftliche 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des 
common safekeepers]. Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden 
nicht 
ausgegeben 
und 
das 
Recht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger, die Ausstellung und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu ver-
langen, wird ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without interest coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination 
represented 
by 
a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without interest coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
duly authorised representatives of the 
Issuer[,]
[and] are provided with a 
handwritten or facsimile control signature 
by or on behalf of the Principal Paying 
Agent [in the case of Notes kept in 
custody on behalf of the ICSDs and 
the global note is an NGN insert: and 
each bear the handwritten or facsimile 
signature by or on behalf of the common 
safekeeper]. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued and the right 
of the Noteholders to request the issue 
and delivery of definitive Notes shall be 
excluded. 
(b) 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
frühestens 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
gemäß 
US-
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder 
die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
US-
Personen 
(U.S. 
persons) 
sind 
(ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldver-
schreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
hinsichtlich 
einer 
jeden 
solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die an oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird 
als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date (the "Exchange Date") 
40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions) as required by U.S. 
tax law. Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such 
payment 
of 
interest. 
Any 
such 
certification received on or after the 40th
day after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as 
a request to exchange such Temporary 
Global Note pursuant to this § 1(3)(b). 
Any securities delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 5(3)).

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
59 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 5(3) definiert) zu liefern. 
(4) 
Clearingsystem.
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, einfügen: 
Die] [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, einfügen: Jede] Globalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")]
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg 
("CBL") 
und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")]
[anderes 
internationales 
Clearingsystem, Adresse einfügen] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
represented by a Permanent Global Note insert: 
The] [in case of Notes initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note insert: Each] global 
note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of 
the Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] [insert other 
international clearing system, address] and any 
successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und von einem common safekeeper im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following ap-
plies 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern 
beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die 
Register zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem 
ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit 
dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist maßgebliche Bestätigung des 
Inhalts des Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu 
dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen weist die 
Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass die Einzelheiten 
der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und 
der Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunde 
pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made 
in 
respect 
of, 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by 
the global note the Issuer instructs the ICSDs 
that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the global note shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any 
such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
60 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschrei-
bungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
weist 
die 
Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]]
[If the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion 
only of the Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer instructs the ICSDs that 
details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.]]
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer 
Classical 
Global 
Note 
("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt.]
[The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on 
behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the fol-
lowing applies 
(5) Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" be-
zeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Globalurkunden. 
(5) Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any holder 
of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Global Notes. 
(6) Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(6) Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vor-
schriften" bezeichnet die jeweils gültigen, sich 
auf die Kapitalanforderungen, die Solvabilität, 
andere 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder 
Abwicklung 
der 
Emittentin 
und/oder 
der 
jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, zu der die Emittentin 
gehört, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts und der darunter fallenden 
Verordnungen (einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, der BRRD, der CRD, der CRR 
sowie der jeweils geltenden Leitlinien und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, 
der 
Verwaltungspraxis einer zuständigen Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means 
the provisions of bank supervisory laws and any 
regulations 
and 
other 
rules 
thereunder 
applicable from time to time (including, but not 
limited to, the BRRD, the CRD, the CRR and the 
guidelines 
and 
recommendations 
of 
the 
European 
Banking 
Authority 
and/or 
the 
European Central Bank, the administrative 
practice of any competent authority, any 
applicable decision of a court and any 
applicable transitional provisions) relating to 
capital adequacy, solvency, other prudential 
requirements and/or resolution and applicable 
to the Issuer and/or the banking group to which 
the Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"BRRD" bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2014/59/EU 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 15. Mai 2014, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
der BRRD geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der 
BRRD in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions of 
the BRRD are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the BRRD as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"CRD" bezeichnet die Richtlinie 2013/36/EU 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 26. Juni 2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
der CRD geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions of 
the CRD are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRD as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time.

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
61 
"CRR" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013, in der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
der 
CRR 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils geänderten 
Bestimmungen bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 
26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; to the extent that any provisions of 
the CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as used in 
these Terms and Conditions shall refer to such 
amended provisions or successor provisions 
from time to time. 
"InsO" bezeichnet die Insolvenzordnung (InsO), 
in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen 
der 
InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der InsO in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils geänderten 
Bestimmungen bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means of the German Insolvency 
Statute 
(Insolvenzordnung 
– 
InsO), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the InsO are 
amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the InsO as used in these Terms 
and Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über das 
Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – KWG), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; 
soweit Bestimmungen des KWG geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der Verweis auf 
Bestimmungen 
des 
KWG 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils geänderten 
Bestimmungen bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz – KWG), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the KWG are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of the 
KWG as used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
"MREL-Mindestanforderung" bezeichnet die 
Mindestanforderung 
an 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(MREL), die für die Emittentin und/oder die 
MREL-Gruppe der Emittentin gelten oder 
gegebenenfalls gelten werden, gemäß 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum 
requirements for eligible liabilities (MREL) 
which are or, as the case may be, will be, 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Issuer's 
MREL Group in accordance with 
(i) 
Artikel 45 der BRRD und den nationalen 
Gesetzen zur Umsetzung der BRRD, wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; oder 
(i) 
Article 45 of the BRRD and any 
applicable national law implementing the 
BRRD, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; or 
(ii) 
Artikel 
12 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
Nr. 806/2014 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Juli 
2014, wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt, 
(ii) 
Article 12 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014, as amended or replaced from time 
to time, 
wobei "MREL-Gruppe der Emittentin" die 
Emittentin und ihre Tochtergesellschaften, die 
die MREL-Mindestanforderung auf Gruppen-
ebene einhalten müssen, bezeichnet. 
where "Issuer's MREL Group" means the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries which have to comply 
with the MREL Requirement on a group basis. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
als berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
die 
MREL-
Mindestanforderung 
dienen. 
Die 
Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuldverschreibun-
gen begründen unmittelbare, nicht besicherte, 
bevorrechtigte 
und 
nicht-nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. Im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
oder eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify as 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer for the MREL 
Requirement. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured, preferred and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the 
event of resolution measures imposed on the 
Issuer and in the event of the dissolution, 
liquidation, insolvency, composition or other 
proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, 
or against, the Issuer, 
In the case of 
preferred senior 
Notes the 
following 
applies 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
62 
untereinander und gleichrangig mit allen 
anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus allen 
bevorrechtigten und nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im Sinne 
des § 38 InsO, die keine Schuldtitel im 
Sinne des nachstehenden § 2(1)(b)(i) 
und (ii) sind; 
with all present and future obligations of 
the Issuer under all other preferred and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 38 InsO, which 
are not debt instruments (Schuldtitel) 
within the meaning of the following 
§ 2(1)(b)(i) and (ii); 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to 
(i) 
allen nicht-bevorrechtigten und 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin aus Schuld-
titeln im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 6, 
Satz 1 KWG in der seit dem 21. Juli 
2018 gültigen Fassung; 
(i) 
all 
non-preferred 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer under debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG as in effect as from 21 July 
2018; 
(ii) 
allen nicht-nachrangigen Verbind-
lichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
Schuldtiteln im Sinne des § 46f 
Absatz 6, Satz 1 KWG in der 
Fassung vom 23. Dezember 2016; 
und 
(ii) 
all 
unsubordinated 
obligations 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG 
in 
the 
version 
of 
23 December 2016; and 
(iii) 
allen 
nachrangigen 
Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin im Sinne 
von § 39 InsO 
(iii) 
all subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 39 
InsO; 
im Rang vor; und 
and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen den Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
im 
Rang 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
die 
Forderungen der Anleihegläubiger aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insbesondere 
die 
Ansprüche 
auf 
Zahlung von Kapital und etwaigen 
Zinsen) erst berichtigt werden, wenn alle 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin zunächst berichtigt worden 
sind. 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations (as defined below), 
so that in any such event the claims of the 
Noteholders 
under 
the 
Notes 
(in 
particular the claims for payment of 
principal and interest, if any) will only be 
satisfied if all of the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have first been 
satisfied in full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften den Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
vorrangig sind.]
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means 
all obligations of the Issuer which, pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law, rank senior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes.]
Im Fall von 
nicht-bevor-
rechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
als berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
die 
MREL-
Mindestanforderung 
dienen. 
Die 
Verbind-
lichkeiten aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen unmittelbare, nicht besicherte und 
nicht-bevorrechtigte 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln im Sinne des § 46f 
Absatz 6, Satz 1 KWG in der seit dem 21. Juli 
2018 
gültigen 
Fassung. 
Im 
Fall 
von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
oder eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden Verfah-
rens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify as 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer for the MREL 
Requirement. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) within the meaning of § 46f 
paragraph 6, first sentence KWG as in effect as 
from 21 July 2018. In the event of resolution 
measures imposed on the Issuer and in the 
event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency, 
composition or other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the 
Issuer, 
In the case of 
non-preferred 
senior Notes 
the following 
applies

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
63 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
untereinander und gleichrangig mit allen 
gegenwärtigen 
und 
zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu
with all present and future obligations of 
the Issuer under 
(i) 
allen nicht-bevorrechtigten und 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin aus Schuld-
titeln im Sinne des § 46f Absatz 6, 
Satz 1 KWG in der seit dem 
21. Juli 2018 gültigen Fassung; 
und 
(i) 
all 
non-preferred 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer under debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG as in effect as from 21 July 
2018; and 
(ii) 
allen 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
Schuldtiteln im Sinne des § 46f 
Absatz 6, Satz 1 KWG in der 
Fassung vom 23. Dezember 2016; 
(ii) 
all 
unsubordinated 
obligations 
under 
debt 
instruments 
(Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f paragraph 6, first sentence 
KWG 
in 
the 
version 
of 
23 December 2016; 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
allen 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 39 InsO im 
Rang vor; und 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to all subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer within the meaning of § 39 
InsO; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen den Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
im 
Range 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
die 
Forderungen der Anleihegläubiger aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insbesondere 
die 
Ansprüche 
auf 
Zahlung von Kapital und etwaigen 
Zinsen) erst berichtigt werden, wenn alle 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin zunächst berichtigt worden 
sind. 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations (as defined below), 
so that in any such event the claims of the 
Noteholders 
under 
the 
Notes 
(in 
particular the claims for payment of 
principal and interest, if any) will only be 
satisfied if all of the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have first been 
satisfied in full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im Rang des 
§ 38 InsO, die nicht unter den vorstehenden 
§ 2(1)(a) fallen, sowie alle Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften den Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
vorrangig sind. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means 
all unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 38 InsO that do not fall 
under § 2(1)(a) above and all obligations of the 
Issuer which, pursuant to mandatory provisions 
of law, rank senior to the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes. 
Hinweis gemäß § 46f Absatz 6, Satz 1 KWG: 
Für die Zwecke von § 46f Absatz 6, Satz 1 
KWG werden die Anleihegläubiger hiermit 
darüber 
in 
Kenntnis 
gesetzt, 
dass 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
einem 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß § 46f Absatz 5 KWG einen niedrigeren 
Rang 
als 
andere, 
nicht-nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin im Sinne von 
§ 38 InsO haben. Das bedeutet, dass die 
Forderungen der Anleihegläubiger aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insbesondere 
die 
Ansprüche auf Zahlung von Kapital und 
etwaigen Zinsen) erst berichtigt werden, wenn 
alle 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
zunächst 
vollständig 
berichtigt 
worden sind.]
Notice pursuant to § 46f paragraph 6, first 
sentence KWG: For the purposes of § 46f 
paragraph 6, 
first 
sentence 
KWG, 
the 
Noteholders are hereby notified that, pursuant 
to § 46f paragraph 5 KWG, in the event of 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
a lower rank than other unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer within the meaning of 
§ 38 InsO. This means, that the claims of the 
Noteholders under the Notes (in particular the 
claims for payment of principal and interest, if 
any) will only be satisfied if all of the Issuer's 
Senior Ranking Obligations have first been 
satisfied in full.]

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
64 
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
als Instrumente des Ergänzungskapitals (Tier-
2-Kapital) der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 63 CRR 
dienen. Die Verbindlichkeiten aus den Schuld-
verschreibungen begründen unmittelbare, nicht 
besicherte, 
unbedingte 
und 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. Im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
oder eines Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung 
der 
Insolvenz 
dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
[(1) Status. The Notes are intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 63 CRR. The obligations under the 
Notes 
constitute 
direct, 
unsecured, 
unconditional and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. In the event of resolution measures 
imposed on the Issuer and in the event of the 
dissolution, liquidation, insolvency, composition 
or other proceedings for the avoidance of 
insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
sind die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gleichrangig 
untereinander und gleichrangig mit allen 
gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen ebenso 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin; 
(a) 
the obligations under the Notes rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other present or future equally 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer; 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
allen 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
gemäß 
ihren 
Bedingungen 
oder 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften 
gegenüber 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen nachrangig sind 
oder ausdrücklich im Rang zurücktreten, 
im Rang vor und sind vorrangig zu den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
Instrumenten 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
Artikel 52ff. CRR; 
(b) 
the obligations under the Notes rank 
senior to all subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that pursuant to their terms or 
under applicable law rank, or are 
expressed to rank, subordinated to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
and rank senior to the obligations of the 
Issuer 
under 
Additional 
Tier 
1 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 52 et seq. CRR; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen den Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
im 
Range 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
die 
Forderungen der Anleihegläubiger aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insbesondere 
die 
Ansprüche 
auf 
Zahlung von Kapital und etwaigen 
Zinsen) erst berichtigt werden, wenn alle 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin zunächst berichtigt worden 
sind. 
(c) 
the obligations under the Notes will be 
fully subordinated to the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations (as defined below), 
so that in any such event the claims of the 
Noteholders 
under 
the 
Notes 
(in 
particular the claims for payment of 
principal and interest, if any) will only be 
satisfied if all of the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Obligations have first been 
satisfied in full. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emit-
tentin" bezeichnet alle Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die vorrangig gegenüber den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, einschließlich: 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Obligations" means 
all obligations of the Issuer which rank senior to 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
including: 
(i) 
allen Forderungen nicht-nachrangiger 
Gläubiger der Emittentin im Sinne des 
§ 38 InsO (einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, Forderungen gegen die 
Emittentin 
aus 
deren 
nicht-
bevorrechtigten, 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Schuldtiteln im Sinne von § 46f Absatz 6 
Satz 1 KWG); 
(i) 
all claims of unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer within the meaning of § 38 
InsO (including, but not limited to, claims 
against the Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f paragraph 6, first 
sentence KWG); 
(ii) 
allen in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 InsO 
bezeichneten gesetzlich nachrangigen 
Forderungen gegen die Emittentin; und 
(ii) 
all statutorily subordinated claims against 
the Issuer specified in § 39 paragraph 1 
nos. 1 to 5 InsO; and 
(iii) 
allen vertraglich-nachrangigen Forde-
rungen gegen die Emittentin gemäß § 39 
Absatz 2 InsO, die nach geltenden 
(iii) 
all contractually subordinated claims 
pursuant to § 39 paragraph 2 InsO which, 
pursuant to mandatory provisions of law,

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
65 
Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig gegenüber 
den Forderungen gegen die Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen sind, 
einschließlich, jedoch nicht ausschließ-
lich, 
allen 
Forderungen 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin, die gemäß § 46f Absatz 7a 
KWG 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
den 
Forderungen gegen die Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen sind.]
rank senior to the claims against the 
Issuer under the Notes, including, but not 
limited to, all claims which rank senior to 
the claims against the Issuer under the 
Notes pursuant to § 46f paragraph 7a 
KWG.]
(2) Keine Aufrechnung. Kein Anleihegläubiger 
ist berechtigt, Forderungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen 
gegen 
etwaige 
gegen 
ihn 
gerichtete 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aufzurechnen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen 
keinen 
Aufrechnungs- 
oder 
Nettingvereinbarungen, 
die 
deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit 
beeinträchtigen 
würden. 
(2) No set-off. No Noteholder may set-off any 
claims arising under the Notes against any 
claims that the Issuer may have against it. The 
Notes 
are 
not 
subject 
to 
any 
set-off 
arrangements or netting rights that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution, insolvency or liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
(3) Keine Sicherheiten. Für die Verbindlich-
keiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
ist 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
keine 
Sicherheit durch die Emittentin oder durch Dritte 
gestellt; eine solche Sicherheit wird auch zu 
keinem Zeitpunkt gestellt werden. 
(3) No security. No security of whatever kind 
securing the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes is, or shall at any time be, provided by the 
Issuer or any other person to the Noteholders. 
(4) Hinweis auf die Möglichkeit von gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. 
Die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach den für die 
Emittentin geltenden Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen vor einer Insolvenz, 
Auflösung oder Liquidation der Emittentin 
herabschreiben (bis einschließlich auf null), in 
Eigenkapital (zum Beispiel Stammaktien der 
Emittentin) 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen treffen, einschließlich 
(jedoch nicht ausschließlich) einer Übertragung 
der 
Verbindlichkeiten 
auf 
einen 
anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen oder einer Löschung der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) Note on the possibility of statutory resolution 
measures. Prior to any insolvency, dissolution 
or liquidation of the Issuer, under bank 
resolution laws applicable to the Issuer from 
time to time, the competent resolution authority 
may write down (including to zero) the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
convert them into equity (e.g. ordinary shares of 
the Issuer) or apply any other resolution 
measure, including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another entity, an 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a 
cancellation of the Notes. 
Im Fall von 
nicht-bevor-
rechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
und 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß 
§ 2(1) nicht beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist nicht verkürzt werden. Werden 
die Schuldverschreibungen (i) unter anderen 
als den in § 2 beschriebenen Umständen oder 
(ii) anders als infolge einer Kündigung oder 
eines 
Ankaufs 
nach 
Maßgabe 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen zurückgezahlt oder von 
der Emittentin zurückerworben, so ist der 
gezahlte Betrag der Emittentin ohne Rücksicht 
auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren.]
[No subsequent agreement may limit the 
subordination pursuant to § 2(1) or shorten the 
term of the Notes or any applicable notice 
period. If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than (i) in 
the circumstances described in § 2 or (ii) as a 
result of a redemption or purchase as set forth 
in these Terms and Conditions, then the 
amounts paid must be returned to the Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to the contrary.]
In the case of 
non-preferred 
senior Notes 
and 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Jede Schuldverschreibung wird bezogen 
auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ab dem 
(a) 
Each Note shall bear interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the rate per

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
66 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) (ausschließlich) 
und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) (jede 
solche Periode eine "Zinsperiode") mit 
einem jährlichen Satz, der dem Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) entspricht, 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode sind nachträglich an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest (as 
defined below) from and including [insert 
Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
(as defined below) and thereafter from 
and including each Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date (each such 
period, an "Interest Period"). Interest on 
the Notes for each Interest Period shall 
be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
jeden 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
einfügen], 
erstmals 
den 
[erster 
festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
(b) 
"Interest Payment Date" means, subject 
to the Business Day Convention, each 
[insert Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s)], commencing on [insert first 
Specified Interest Payment Date]. 
(c) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" 
hat 
die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(c) 
"Business Day Convention" has the 
following 
meaning: 
If 
any 
Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, it shall 
be: 
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender Ge-
schäftstag-Kon-
vention (adjus-
tiert) ist Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the fol-
lowing applies 
Im Fall der FRN 
(Floating Rate 
Note – variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuld-
verschreibung) 
-Konvention 
(adjustiert) ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen 
und 
(ii) ist 
jeder 
nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, 
der [Zahl einfügen] Monate nach dem 
vorangegangenen 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall 
be the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls [insert 
number] months after the preceding 
applicable payment date.]
In the case of 
the Floating 
Rate Notes 
(FRN) Conven-
tion adjusted 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall der fol-
gender Ge-
schäftstag-Kon-
vention (adjus-
tiert) ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the fol-
lowing applies 
Im Fall der vor-
hergehender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
(adjustiert) ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.]
[brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the fol-
lowing applies 
(d) 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
(d) 
"Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
67 
an dem das Clearingsystem [sowie 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)]
Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
abwickeln]
[.]
[und]
[[sowie] 
alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
System 
des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
Clearing System [as well as commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)] 
settle 
payments in the Specified Currency] [.]
[and] [[as well as] all relevant parts of the 
real-time 
gross 
settlement 
system 
operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system (T2) are open to effect 
payments.]
(2) Zinssatz und Referenzsatz. Der "Zinssatz" 
für jede Zinsperiode ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der dem Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
mindestens 
jedoch null Prozent, entspricht, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 8 definiert) erfolgen. 
(2) Rate of Interest and Reference Rate. The 
rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period will be the interest rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], subject to a minimum of zero per cent., 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 8). 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) den betreffenden Referenzsatz nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(2). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(2) on each Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below). 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird 
wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem Eintritt 
des jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in § 3(3)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(a) 
For each Interest Period beginning prior 
to the occurrence of the relevant Effective 
Date (as defined in § 3(3)(g)), the 
Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page as at the 
relevant time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
shall be equal to the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original Benchmark 
Rate was displayed. 
(b) 
Für die Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar nach 
dem jeweiligen Stichtag beginnt, und alle 
folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
wird 
der 
Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(3) bestimmt. 
(b) 
For the Interest Period commencing 
immediately after the relevant Effective 
Date and all following Interest Periods, 
the Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(3). 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.]
["Margin" means [●] per cent. per annum.] 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die Reuters-
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche 
die 
Reuters-Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of 
Reuters or such other information service which 
is the successor to the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem das Real-time Gross Settlement System 
des 
Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) betriebsbereit ist. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the 
real-time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) 
is operating. 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(3)) die [1 / 3 / 
6 / 12]-Monats-Euro-Interbank-Offered-Rate 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), die 
an dem betreffenden Tag um 11:00 Uhr 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
(subject to § 3(3)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) fixed at, and

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
68 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
appearing on the Screen Page as of, 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on such day. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second T2 Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
Falls ein kurzer 
oder langer 
[erster / letzter] 
Kupon vorliegt 
und Inter-
polation 
anzuwenden 
ist, gilt Fol-
gendes 
Für die [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode legt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger Weise durch lineare Interpolation 
zwischen zwei Referenzzinssätzen fest, von 
denen (i) der eine Referenzzinssatz für einen 
Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbaren 
Referenzzinssatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber kürzer als diese ist und (ii) der andere 
Referenzzinssatz 
für 
einen 
Zeitraum 
zu 
bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzzinssatz 
gibt und der der Länge der anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber länger 
als diese ist. 
In respect of the [first] [last] Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonable manner 
using the straight-line interpolation by reference 
to two reference interest rates, (i) one of which 
shall be determined for a term for which a 
reference interest rate similar to the Reference 
Rate is available and which is next closest to but 
shorter than the applicable Interest Period and 
(ii) the other of which shall be determined for a 
term for which a reference interest rate similar 
to the Reference Rate is available and which is 
next closest to but longer than the applicable 
Interest Period. 
If a short/long 
[first / last] 
coupon is 
applicable and 
interpolation is 
applicable, the 
following 
applies 
(3) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Benchmark-
Ereignis (wie nachstehend definiert) in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt für die Bestimmung des betreffenden 
Referenzsatzes 
und 
die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 3(2) 
Folgendes: 
(3) Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below) occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate, the relevant Reference Rate 
and the interest on the Notes in accordance with 
§ 3(2) will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, 
ist 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
berechtigt, nach billigem Ermessen einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(3)(g) 
definiert), den Anpassungsspread (wie in 
§ 3(3)(f) 
definiert) 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in § 3(3)(d) 
definiert) festzustellen. 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to the Original Benchmark Rate, the 
Calculation Agent may in its reasonable 
discretion determine a New Benchmark 
Rate (as defined in § 3(3)(g)), the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(3)(f)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in § 3(3)(d)). 
(b) 
Wenn die Berechnungsstelle vor dem 10. 
Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, keinen Anpassungs-
spread 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-
Änderungen (sofern erforderlich) gemäß 
diesem § 3(3) festgestellt hat, dann 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem letzten, 
unmittelbar vor Eintritt des relevanten 
Stichtags liegenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
(b) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent has not determined 
a New Benchmark Rate, has not 
determined 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and/or 
has 
not 
determined 
any 
Benchmark Amendments (if required) in 
accordance with this § 3(3), then the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable 
to 
the 
immediately following Interest Period 
shall be the Reference Rate determined 
on the last Interest Determination Date 
immediately 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Effective Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(3)(b) bereits an dem 
ersten Zinsfestsetzungstag vor Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
die 
am 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
beginnt, 
zur 
Anwendung 
kommt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für diese Zinsperiode dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
If this § 3(3)(b) is to be applied on the first 
Interest Determination Date prior to the 
commencement of the Interest Period 
commencing 
on 
the 
first 
Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate 
applicable to such Interest Period shall 
be the Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day preceding 
such Interest Determination Date on

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
69 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
which such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(3)(b) be-
stimmte Ausweichsatz (Fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(3) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
die nächste nachfolgende (und, sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3(3)(b) is to be 
applied, § 3(3) will be operated again to 
determine the Reference Rate applicable 
to the next subsequent (and, if required, 
further subsequent) Interest Period(s). 
(c) 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
(i) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be the New 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatz aber einen Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Benchmark 
Rate 
but 
that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, then 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate 
shall be the New Benchmark Rate. 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der Referenz-
satz für die unmittelbar nach dem 
Stichtag beginnende Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(3)(j) dann (x) dem Neuen Bench-
marksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag zuzüglich (y) dem 
Anpassungsspread. 
In either case the Reference Rate for the 
Interest Period commencing immediately 
after the Effective Date and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to § 3(3)(j), will 
then be (x) the New Benchmark Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus (y) the Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und der 
entsprechende Anpassungsspread ge-
mäß diesem § 3(3) festgestellt werden 
und wenn die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, um 
die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes und des ent-
sprechenden Anpassungsspreads zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann wird 
die Berechnungsstelle die Benchmark-
Änderungen feststellen. 
(d) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(3), and if the Calculation Agent 
determines in its reasonable discretion 
that amendments to these Terms and 
Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments"), then 
the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Benchmark Amendments. 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
Such Benchmark Amendments may in-
clude, without limitation, the following 
conditions of these Terms and Condi-
tions: 
(i) 
die Feststellung des Referenz-
satzes gemäß § 3(2) und diesem 
§ 3(3); und/oder 
(i) 
the determination of the Reference 
Rate in accordance with § 3(2) and 
this § 3(3); and/or 
(ii) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfest-
setzungstag" und/oder "Zinszah-
lungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Feststellung, ob der Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend 
vor 
oder 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode oder zurückblickend 
vor oder zu dem Ende der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
be-
stimmt wird); und/oder 
(ii) 
the 
definitions 
of 
the 
terms 
"Business Day", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or 
"Interest Payment Date" (including 
the determination whether the 
Reference Rate will be determined 
in advance on or prior to the 
commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period or in arrear on or 
prior to the end of the relevant 
Interest Period); and/or 
(iii) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß der Definition des Begriffs 
(iii) 
the business day convention in the 
definition of the term "Business

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
70 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" 
und 
den Zahlungstag gemäß § 5(5). 
Day Convention" and the payment 
date in accordance with § 5(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen etc.
(e) 
Notices etc. 
(A) 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread, 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen und den 
betreffenden 
Stichtag 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(3) 
bzw. 
den 
Ausweichsatz gemäß § 3(3)(b) der 
Emittentin, 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle 
und den Zahlstellen mitteilen, und 
zwar sobald eine solche Mitteilung 
(nach Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung erforderlich ist, 
spätestens jedoch an dem 10. Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent will notify 
the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread, 
any 
Benchmark Amendments and the 
relevant Effective Date determined 
accordance with this § 3(3) or the 
fallback rate in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(b), as the case may be, to 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Paying Agents as 
soon as such notification is (in the 
Issuer's view) required following 
the determination thereof, but in 
any event not later than on the 
10th Business Day prior to the rele-
vant Interest Determination Date. 
(B) 
Die Emittentin wird einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(3) 
bzw. 
den 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(3)(b) 
den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 9 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald wie 
möglich 
nach 
der 
Mitteilung 
gemäß Buchstabe (A). Eine solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(B) 
The Issuer will notify any New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
in accordance with this § 3(3) or 
the fallback rate in accordance 
with § 3(3)(b), as the case may be, 
to the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 9 as soon as practicable 
following the notice in accordance 
with clause (A). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify 
the Effective Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, der 
Anpassungsspread und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen bzw. der 
Ausweichsatz 
sowie 
der 
betreffende Stichtag, die jeweils in 
der Mitteilung benannt werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
nicht 
ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, die Hauptzahlstelle, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments or the 
fallback rate, as the case may be, 
and the relevant Effective Date, 
each as specified in such notice, 
will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(C) 
Die Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
den 
Anpassungsspread 
und 
die 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen 
bzw. dem Ausweichsatz geändert. 
(C) 
The Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended by 
the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
any 
Benchmark Amendments or the 
fallback rate, as the case may be, 
with effect from the Effective Date. 
(f) 
Zur Verwendung in diesem § 3(3): 
(f) 
As used in this § 3(3): 
Der "Anpassungsspread", der positiv, negativ 
oder gleich null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (x) den 
Spread oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung des 
Spread, die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be 
positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in 
basis points and means either (x) the spread, or 
(y) the result of the operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the spread, which 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satzes formell im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
von 
einem 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, is formally recommended in re-
lation to the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
71 
Maßgeblichen 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(2) 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (1) abgegeben wurde oder im Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise an den internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um 
einen industrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden; oder 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursuant to clause 
(1) has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) 
is 
customarily 
applied 
to 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate in the international debt 
capital markets to produce an industry-
accepted replacement benchmark rate 
for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or 
(3) 
(sofern die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass kein 
solcher 
Spread 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird und dass das Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist) 
als 
industrieweiter 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-Counter-Deri-
vatetransaktionen, die sich auf den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
be-
ziehen, anerkannt oder bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden 
ist, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berech-
nungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied and that the 
following would be appropriate for the 
Notes) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Benchmark Rate, 
where the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New Benchmark 
Rate, provided that all determinations will 
be made by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle einen solchen An-
passungsspread nicht feststellt, dann ist der 
Anpassungsspread gleich null. 
If the Calculation Agent does not determine 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Adjustment 
Spread will be zero. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise an 
den internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an al-
ternative benchmark or an alternative screen 
rate which is customarily applied in the 
international debt capital markets for the 
purpose of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency, provided that all determina-
tions will be made by the Calculation Agent in 
its reasonable discretion. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen von 
oder im Namen der für den Administrator 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde vorge-
nommen wird, aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor 
administrator that will continue to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen von 
oder im Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, aus der hervorgeht, 
dass der Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, unless there is a successor

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
72 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
administrator that will continue to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch oder im 
Namen 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht 
mehr repräsentativ für den zugrunde 
liegenden Markt, den er zu messen 
vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, und keine von 
der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer solchen Situation ergriffen werden 
oder zu erwarten sind; oder 
(3) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made 
that, in its view, the Original Benchmark 
Rate is no longer, or will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market it 
purports to measure and no action to 
remediate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as required by the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator; or 
(4) 
die Verwendung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund nach einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin anwendbar ist, rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful 
under any law or regulation applicable to 
the Issuer to use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz ohne 
vorherige offizielle Ankündigung durch 
die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder 
den Administrator dauerhaft nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht wird[; oder] [.]
(5) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
is 
permanently no longer published without 
a previous official announcement by the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
or 
the 
administrator[; or] [.]
Falls eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung der 
Methodologie 
des Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmark-
satzes ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis sein 
soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(6) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes vorgenommen wird.]
[(6) 
a material change is made to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology.]
If a material 
change to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology is 
to be a 
Benchmark 
Event, the 
following 
applies 
"Maßgebliches Nominierungsgremium" be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in re-
spect of the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung, auf die 
sich 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
oder 
eine 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators der Benchmark bzw. des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other regulatory supervisor which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder 
jeden 
Ausschuss, die oder der von (I) der 
Zentralbank für die Währung, auf die sich 
die Benchmark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
(II) einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark bzw. des Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
(2) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (I) the central 
bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (II) any central bank or other 
supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
73 
genannten Zentralbanken oder anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt wird oder auf 
deren Verlangen gebildet wird. 
rate (as applicable), (III) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory 
authorities 
or 
(IV) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
des 
Anpassungsspreads und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß diesem 
§ 3(3) 
(der 
"Stichtag") 
ist 
der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den frü-
hesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The effective date for the application of 
the New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(3) (the "Effective Date") will be 
the Interest Determination Date falling on 
or after the earliest of the following dates: 
(i) 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird, den Tag, an dem 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird bzw. den Tag, ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ ist oder sein wird, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund von Ziffer (1), (2) bzw. (3) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses (1), 
(2) or (3) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date 
of cessation of publication of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the date 
of the discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate or the 
date as from which the Original 
Benchmark Rate is, or will no 
longer be, representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ur-
sprüngliche Benchmarksatz nicht 
mehr verwendet werden darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund 
von 
Ziffer 
(4) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (4) 
of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date from 
which the prohibition applies; or 
(iii) 
den 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der Ziffer[n] (5) [oder (6)] der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist 
(iii) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause[s]
(5) [or (6)] of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date 
of 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark Event. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet ei-
nen Nachfolger oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell durch das 
Maßgebliche Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a suc-
cessor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recom-
mended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den je-
weils gemäß diesem § 3(3) bestimmten Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Bench-
marksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(3). 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt dieser § 3(3) entsprechend für die 
Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf den 
Begriff "Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
zuletzt 
verwendeten Neuen Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(3) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
replacement of such New Benchmark 
Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3 to the term "Original 
Benchmark Rate" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to the New Benchmark Rate 
that last applied.

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
74 
(i) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezugnahme 
auf den Begriff "Ursprünglicher Bench-
marksatz" gegebenenfalls auch eine 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in Bezug auf 
diese Teilkomponente ein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
(i) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in respect 
of which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen und nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(j) 
Eine Anpassung des Referenzsatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(3) 
darf 
nicht 
durchgeführt werden, wenn und soweit 
diese Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
mehr 
die 
anwendbare 
MREL-
Mindestanforderung einhalten würden. 
Eine Anpassung des Referenzsatzes 
gemäß diesem § 3(3) darf ferner nicht 
durchgeführt 
werden, 
wenn 
vernünftigerweise zu erwarten ist, dass 
diese Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass 
die zuständige 
Behörde 
den 
nächsten Zinszahlungstag anstelle des 
Endfälligkeitstags als den effektiven 
Rückzahlungstag behandeln würde.]
[(j) 
No adjustment to the Reference Rate will 
be made in accordance with this § 3(3) if 
and to the extent that as a result of such 
adjustment the Notes would no longer 
comply 
with 
the 
applicable 
MREL 
Requirement. In addition, no adjustment 
to the Reference Rate will be made in 
accordance with this § 3(3) if such 
adjustment 
could 
reasonably 
be 
expected to result in the competent 
authority treating the next Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes rather than the Maturity Date.]
In the case of 
preferred senior 
Notes and non-
preferred senior 
Notes the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(j) 
Eine 
Anpassung 
des 
Referenzsatzes gemäß diesem § 3(3) 
darf nicht durchgeführt werden, wenn 
und 
soweit 
diese 
Anpassung 
wahrscheinlich zu (i) einem Ausschluss 
der Schuldverschreibungen von den 
Eigenmitteln im Sinne der CRR oder 
(ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als Eigenmittel 
geringerer Qualität führen würde.]
[(j) 
No 
adjustment 
to 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
will 
be 
made 
in 
accordance with this § 3(3) if and to the 
extent that any such adjustment would be 
likely to result in (i) the exclusion of the 
Notes from the own funds under the CRR 
or (ii) a reclassification as own funds of a 
lower quality.]
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
Falls ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
Höchstzinssatz 
gilt, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[(4) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.
[(4) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Inter-
est.
In the case of a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate 
of Interest the 
following 
applies 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für 
eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate 
of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher 
ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für 
diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].]] 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than [Maximum 
Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of 
Interest].]] 
[(5)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu 
oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen 
und 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag 
in Bezug auf die Festgelegte Stückelung (der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf die Festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent 
will, on or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Interest Amount per Note shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to 
the Specified Denomination and rounding the

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
75 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste [Unter-
Einheit]14 [Einheit]15 der Festgelegten Währung 
auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
[Unter-Einheiten]14
[Einheiten]15 aufgerundet 
werden. 
resulting figure to the nearest [sub-unit]16
[unit]17 of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of 
such [sub-units]16
[units]17 being rounded 
upwards. 
[(6)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass 
der Zinssatz, der jeweilige Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der 
Emittentin und den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 9 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als 
am vierten 
auf 
die Berechnung 
jeweils 
folgenden 
[T2-Geschäftstag]
[[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag] (wie in 
§ 3(2) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode, mitgeteilt 
werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) 
werden. 
Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 9 mitgeteilt. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
applicable Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 9 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than 
the fourth [T2 Business Day]
[[relevant 
financial centre(s)] Business Day] (as defined 
in § 3(2)) thereafter and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
from time to time listed, to such stock exchange 
as soon as possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
then 
listed 
and 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance with § 9. 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Hauptzahlstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
[(7)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, any Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
[(8)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, 
erfolgt 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorausgeht, in Höhe 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Satzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen.18
[(8)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease 
to bear interest from the expiry of the day 
preceding the day on which they are due for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from the due date until the 
expiry of the day preceding the day of the actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
interest established by law.19
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
dieser 
Zinsen 
auf 
der 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. If interest is required 
to be calculated for any period of time, such 
interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
14
Nicht für japanische Yen.
15
Nur für japanische Yen.
16 Not for Japanese Yen. 
17 Only for Japanese Yen. 
18
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
19 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB).

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
76 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf 
die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365).]
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/365 (Fi-
xed)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/365 (Ster-
ling)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
oder, im Fall eines Zinszahlungstages, der in 
ein Schaltjahr fällt, 366.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/360" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.]
In the case of 
"Actual/360" 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel:
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula:
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient;
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction;
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt;
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
77 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 
29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30.] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient;
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction;
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt;
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2
gleich 30 ist.] 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30.] 
§ 4 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, RÜCKKAUF 
§ 4 
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag, der auf oder um den [Datum 
einfügen] fällt (der "Endfälligkeitstag") zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or around [insert date]
(the "Maturity Date"). 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht [der Festgeleg-
ten 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibung]
[anderer Betrag]. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Note shall be [its Specified Denomination]
[other amount]. 
Falls die Emit-
tentin keine 
Call-Option hat, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(2) Keine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin. Die Emittentin ist nur gemäß 
§ 4(3) und § 4(4) berechtigt, die Schuldver-
schreibungen zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung vor 
dem Endfälligkeitstag zu kündigen.]
[(2) No Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. Except as provided in § 4(3) and § 4(4), 
the Issuer shall not be entitled to call the Notes 
for redemption prior to the Maturity Date.]
If the Issuer 
does not have a 
Call Option, the 
following 
applies

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
78 
Falls die Emit-
tentin eine Call-
Option hat, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Issuer has 
a Call Option, 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen (wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
die 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
durch Mitteilung an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 9 unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als [fünf] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist]
[und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist]]
[Tagen] [Geschäftstagen] [(wie in §5(5) 
definiert)] mit Wirkung zu jedem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt 
und 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzah-
lungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
zuzüglich 
bis 
zu 
diesem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
Subject to the Conditions to Redemption 
and Repurchase (as defined below) 
being fulfilled, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than [five] [other Minimum 
Notice to Noteholders] [and not more 
than 
[Maximum 
Notice 
to 
Noteholders]] [days'] [Business Days']
[(as defined in §5(5))] prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 9, 
redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Notes with effect as of each 
Call Redemption Date (as specified 
below). If the Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 1 and the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase are fulfilled, the Issuer shall 
redeem 
the 
Notes 
at 
the 
Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
together with accrued interest to but 
excluding such Call Redemption Date on 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption. 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)" be-
zeichnet 
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage(e) 
(Call) 
einfügen]20. 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]21. 
(b) 
Eine solche Kündigung beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen und deren 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern; und 
(i) 
the 
series 
and 
securities 
identification numbers of the Notes 
subject to redemption; and 
(ii) 
den 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call). 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption. 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus regulatorischen 
Gründen. Vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung der 
Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, die ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
jederzeit 
durch 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 9 unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Mitteilung für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten 
Tag zu kündigen, wenn ein Aufsichtsrechtliches 
(3) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
Subject to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase (as defined below) being fulfilled, 
the Issuer may, at any time on giving not less 
than 30 and not more than 60 days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § 9, 
redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Notes with effect as of the date of 
redemption fixed in the notice if a Regulatory 
Event (as defined below) occurs. If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance with 
sentence 1 and the Conditions to Redemption 
20
Im Falle von bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen und nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen darf der 
erste Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) nicht vor dem ersten Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der letzten Tranche der Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen liegen.
Im Falle von nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen darf der erste Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) nicht vor dem fünften Jahrestag des 
Tags der Begebung der letzten Tranche der Serie von Schuldverschreibungen liegen. 
21 In the case of preferred senior Notes and non-preferred senior Notes the first Call Redemption Date must not be earlier than the first 
anniversary of the issue date of the last Tranche of the series of Notes. 
 
In the case of subordinated Notes the first Call Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue date of 
the last Tranche of the series of Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
79 
Ereignis (wie nachstehend definiert) eintritt. 
Wenn die Emittentin ihr Rückzahlungsrecht 
gemäß Satz 1 ausübt und die Rückzahlungs- 
und Rückkaufbedingungen erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin verpflichtet, die Schuldverschreibun-
gen an dem in der Mitteilung für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
zu 
ihrem 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis 
zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
and Repurchase are fulfilled, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed 
for redemption on the date fixed for redemption. 
Ein "Aufsichtsrechtliches Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn aufgrund einer Änderung (oder einer 
anstehenden Änderung, die als hinreichend 
sicher angesehen wird) (oder einer Änderung 
der Auslegung oder Anwendung) der in der 
Europäischen Union oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland geltenden Richtlinien, Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschriften, die 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
letzten Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldver-
schreibungen in Kraft tritt, 
A "Regulatory Event" will occur if, as a result 
of any change (or any pending change which is 
considered 
sufficiently 
certain) 
in, 
or 
amendment to, (or any change in, or 
amendment to the interpretation or application 
of) the directives, laws, regulations or other 
rules applicable in the European Union or the 
Federal 
Republic 
of Germany 
becoming 
effective on or after the date of issue of the last 
tranche of this series of Notes, 
Im Fall von -
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen und nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die Schuldverschreibungen nicht mehr die 
anwendbare 
MREL-Mindestanforderung 
einhalten, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
eine 
solche 
Nichteinhaltung beruht allein darauf, dass die 
verbleibende Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschrei-
bungen unter die in den MREL-Vorschriften 
genannte Mindestlaufzeit fällt oder dass die 
Anrechnungsobergrenzen für die Einbeziehung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
die 
berücksichtigungsfähigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin oder der Gruppe der Emittentin 
überschritten werden.]
[the Notes do no longer comply with the 
applicable MREL Requirement except where 
such non-compliance would merely be based 
on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less 
than any minimum period prescribed in the 
applicable MREL regulations or on any 
applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes in 
the eligible liabilities instruments of the Issuer or 
the Issuer's group being exceeded.]
In the case of 
preferred 
Senior Notes or 
non-preferred 
Senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[sich die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, 
was 
wahrscheinlich zu (i) ihrem Ausschluss von den 
Eigenmitteln im Sinne der CRR oder (ii) ihrer 
Neueinstufung 
als 
Eigenmittel 
geringerer 
Qualität führen würde, vorausgesetzt, dass bei 
einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR erfüllt sind, nach denen die 
zuständige Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung 
nur gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie es für 
ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine Änderung 
der aufsichtsrechtlichen Einstufung stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die aufsichtsrechtliche 
Neueinstufung am Tag der Begebung der 
letzten Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht vorherzusehen war.]
[there 
is 
a 
change 
in 
the 
regulatory 
classification of the Notes that would be likely to 
result in (i) their exclusion from the own funds 
under the CRR or (ii) a reclassification as own 
funds of a lower quality, provided that in respect 
of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the issue date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant to which 
the competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if (i) it considers the change in 
the regulatory classification to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its 
satisfaction that the regulatory reclassification 
of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the date of issue of the last tranche of this series 
of Notes.]
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
applies 
(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung der 
Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, die ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht nur teilweise) 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
Subject to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase (as defined below) being fulfilled, 
the Issuer may, at any time on giving not less 
than 30 and not more than 60 days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § 9,

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
80 
jederzeit 
durch 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger gemäß § 9 unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Mitteilung für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten 
Tag zu kündigen, wenn ein Gross-up-Ereignis 
(wie nachstehend definiert) eintritt, und wenn, 
bei einer Rückzahlung vor dem fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die Bedingungen in 
Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR erfüllt sind, nach denen die 
zuständige Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung 
nur gestatten kann, wenn sich die geltende 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert 
und 
die 
Emittentin ihr hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, 
dass 
die 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung wesentlich ist und am Tag der 
Begebung der letzten Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht vorherzusehen 
war. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt und 
die Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen 
erfüllt sind, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Mitteilung für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Notes with effect as of the date of 
redemption fixed in the notice if a Gross up 
Event (as defined below) occurs, and, in respect 
of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the issue date of the Notes, if the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(b) CRR are met, pursuant to which 
the competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Notes which the 
Issuer demonstrated to its satisfaction is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the date of issue of the last tranche of this series 
of Notes. If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1 and the Conditions 
to Redemption and Repurchase are fulfilled, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Notes at their Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(as 
defined 
below) 
together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption on the date fixed 
for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu 
zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Hauptzahlstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), aus 
dem hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin aufgrund 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Klarstellung 
von 
Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften, oder aufgrund einer Änderung 
oder 
Klarstellung 
der 
Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung, oder aufgrund einer erstmaligen 
Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser Gesetze, 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen Vorschriften 
durch eine gesetzgebende Körperschaft, ein 
Gericht oder eine Behörde (einschließlich des 
Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
der 
Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlen, wenn die Änderung oder Klarstellung an 
oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Kraft tritt (einschließlich des Falles, dass 
die betreffende Änderung oder Klarstellung 
rückwirkend Anwendung findet), und die 
Emittentin diese Verpflichtung nicht abwenden 
kann, indem sie Maßnahmen ergreift, die sie 
nach Treu und Glauben für zumutbar und 
angemessen hält. 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of a 
recognised law firm has been delivered to the 
Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the 
Principal Paying Agent with a copy thereof) 
stating that, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules, or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the first 
time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or authority 
(including the enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change, amendment or 
clarification becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the last tranche of this series of 
Notes (including in case any such change, 
amendment or clarification has retroactive 
effect), the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay Additional Amounts pursuant to § 6 on the 
Notes, and that obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking such measures it (acting in 
good faith) deems reasonable and appropriate. 
Eine solche Kündigung ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Tag 
nennen 
und 
eine 
zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rück-
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must 
set forth a statement in summary form of the

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
81 
zahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umstände darlegt. 
facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
(5) Rückkauf. Vorbehaltlich der Erfüllung der 
Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist die Emittentin oder 
eine Tochtergesellschaft berechtigt, Schuldver-
schreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig 
zurückzukaufen. Derartig erworbene Schuld-
verschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten 
oder wieder veräußert werden. 
(5) Repurchase. Subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase (as defined 
below) being fulfilled, the Issuer or any 
subsidiary may repurchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise. Such acquired Notes may 
be cancelled, held or resold. 
(6) Rückzahlungs- und Rückkaufbedingungen. 
Die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen" sind an einem Tag in Bezug auf 
eine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
geplanten Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibun-
gen erfüllt, wenn die für die Emittentin 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde und/oder die 
zuständige Abwicklungsbehörde ihre vorherige 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 77ff. CRR oder 
einer Nachfolgebestimmung erteilt hat. Zum 
Zeitpunkt der Begebung der Schuldverschrei-
bungen setzt eine solche Zustimmung voraus, 
dass eine der folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(6) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. 
The 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase" are fulfilled on any day with 
respect to an early redemption or a planned 
repurchase of the Notes, if the competent 
supervisory authority and/or the competent 
resolution authority has granted the Issuer the 
prior permission in accordance with Articles 77
et seq. CRR or any successor provision. At the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, such 
permission requires that either of the following 
conditions is met: 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen und nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die Schuldver-
schreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig mit 
der Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf 
durch Eigenmittelinstrumente oder durch 
Instrumente 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten 
zumindest 
gleicher 
Qualität zu Bedingungen, die im Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; oder 
[(i) 
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments or with eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
In the case of 
preferred 
Senior Notes or 
non-preferred 
Senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
(ii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, dass ihre Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der Rückzahlung 
oder dem Rückkauf die Anforderungen 
nach der CRD, der CRR und der BRRD 
um eine Spanne übersteigen, die die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
im 
Einvernehmen 
mit 
der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde für erforderlich hält; 
oder 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the competent resolution 
authority that the own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer would, following 
such redemption or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements laid down in the CRD, 
the CRR and the BRRD by a margin that 
the competent resolution authority, in 
agreement 
with 
the 
competent 
supervisory 
authority, 
considers 
necessary; or 
(iii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, dass die teilweise oder 
vollständige 
Ersetzung 
der 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente erforderlich ist, 
um 
die 
Einhaltung 
der 
Eigenmittelanforderungen gemäß der 
CRR und der CRD zum Zwecke einer 
dauerhaften 
Zulassung 
zu 
gewährleisten.]
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the resolution authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the 
eligible 
liabilities 
with 
own 
funds 
instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance 
with 
the 
own 
funds 
requirements laid down in the CRR and 
the CRD for continuing authorisation.]

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
82 
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die Schuldver-
schreibungen vor oder gleichzeitig mit 
der Rückzahlung oder dem Rückkauf 
durch Eigenmittelinstrumente zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick auf die Ertragsmöglichkeiten der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; oder 
[(i) 
before or at the same time as the 
redemption or the repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
ap-plies 
(ii) 
die Emittentin hat der zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen, 
dass 
ihre 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der Rückzahlung 
oder dem Rückkauf die Anforderungen 
nach der CRD, der CRR und der BRRD 
um eine Spanne übersteigen, die die 
zuständige Behörde für erforderlich hält; 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the competent authority 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities 
of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements laid down in the CRD, the 
CRR and the BRRD by a margin that the 
competent 
authority 
considers 
necessary; 
wobei die zuständige Behörde der Emittentin für 
eine Rückzahlung oder einen Rückkauf eine 
allgemeine vorherige Zustimmung für einen 
bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein Jahr begrenzt 
ist und danach verlängert werden kann, und 
einen vorab von der zuständigen Behörde 
festgelegten Betrag erteilen kann, die Kriterien 
unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass jede derartige 
künftige Rückzahlung bzw. jeder derartige 
künftige Rückkauf im Einklang mit den oben 
unter (i) und (ii) festgelegten Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer 
Fähigkeit trifft, mit Eigenmitteln, die in den 
Anwendbaren Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen Beträge übersteigen, tätig zu 
sein. 
provided that the competent authority may grant 
the Issuer a general prior permission to make a 
redemption or a repurchase for a specified 
period, which shall not exceed one year, after 
which it may be renewed, and for a certain 
predetermined amount as set by the competent 
authority, subject to criteria that ensure that any 
such future redemption or repurchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in points 
(i) and (ii) above, if the Issuer provides sufficient 
safeguards as to its capacity to operate with 
own funds above the amounts required in the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
Zusätzlich gilt bei einer Rückzahlung bzw. 
einem Rückkauf vor dem fünften Jahrestag des 
Tags der Begebung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen: 
Additionally, in the event of a redemption or, as 
the case may be, a repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the Notes, the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Wenn die Emittentin, die Schuldver-
schreibungen aus regulatorischen oder 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
kündigt 
oder 
zurückkauft, müssen die in § 4(3) bzw. 
§ 4(4) für die Rückzahlung vor dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung der letzten Tranche dieser 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
genannten Bedingungen erfüllt sein. 
(i) 
If the Issuer redeems or repurchases the 
Notes for regulatory reasons or reasons 
of taxation the conditions in § 4(3) or, as 
the case may be, § 4(4) in respect of a 
redemption prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the date of issue of the last tranche of 
this series of Notes must be met. 
(ii) 
Eine Rückzahlung bzw. ein Rückkauf von 
Schuldverschreibungen, der die unter (i) 
beschriebenen Vorgaben nicht erfüllt, ist 
nur zulässig, wenn 
(ii) 
A redemption or repurchase of Notes that 
does not meet the conditions set forth 
under (i) requires either that 
(A) 
die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vor oder gleichzeitig mit 
der 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen, 
die 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind, ersetzt 
und die zuständige Behörde die 
Rückzahlung bzw. den Rückkauf 
auf der Grundlage der Feststellung 
erlaubt 
hat, 
dass 
sie 
aus 
aufsichtlicher Sicht vorteilhaft und 
(A) 
before or at the same time of the 
redemption or the repurchase the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable 
for 
the 
income 
capacity of the Issuer and the 
competent authority has permitted 
the redemption or the repurchase 
on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and 
justified 
by 
exceptional 
circumstances; or

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
83 
durch 
außergewöhnliche 
Umstände gerechtfertigt ist, oder 
(B) 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
Market-Making-Zwecke innerhalb 
der von der zuständigen Behörde 
genehmigten 
Grenzen 
zurück-
gekauft werden.]
(B) 
the Notes are repurchased for 
market making purposes within the 
limits permitted by the competent 
authority.]
Ungeachtet der oben genannten Bedingungen, 
falls die zum Zeitpunkt der Rückzahlung oder 
des 
Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
eine 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
Rückkauf 
nur 
zulassen, wenn eine solche Rückzahlung oder 
ein solcher Rückkauf im Einklang mit zumindest 
einer alternativen oder weiteren Voraussetzung 
steht, dann muss die Emittentin jeder dieser 
etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen 
Voraussetzungen (wie jeweils anwendbar) 
entsprechen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the 
time of any redemption or repurchase, the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the 
redemption or repurchase only after compliance 
with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out above, the Issuer 
shall comply with such other and/or, as 
applicable, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Nichterteilung 
der 
Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 77ff. CRR durch die 
zuständige Behörde stellt in keinem Fall eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
competent authority to grant permission in 
accordance with Articles 77 et. seq., CRR shall 
not constitute a default for any purpose. 
(7) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die 
Zwecke 
des 
§ 4[(2)][(3)]
[bis][und] 
(4) 
entspricht der "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbe-
trag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
der 
Schuldverschreibung. 
(7) Early Redemption Amount. For purposes of 
§ 4[(2)][(3)]
[to][and] 
(4) 
the 
"Early 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note 
shall be its Specified Denomination. 
(8) Kein 
Recht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
Kündigung 
oder 
zur 
Fälligstellung. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
kündigen 
oder 
deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung zu verlangen. 
(8) No Right of Termination or Acceleration by 
the Noteholders. The Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to terminate or otherwise accelerate the 
redemption of the Notes. 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf 
Kapital in Bezug auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1)(a) Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
made, subject to § 5(2) below, to the 
Clearing System or (if applicable) to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 5(2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest 
on the Notes shall be made, subject to 
§ 5(2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe 
von 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
[Payment 
of 
interest 
on 
Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to § 5(2), to 
the Clearing System or (if applicable) to 
its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest payable 
on a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following 
applies

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
84 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des [im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die
zunächst 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: § 1(3) und des] § 5(1) 
bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte 
Staaten" 
die 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
von 
Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien 
(einschließlich 
Puerto 
Rico, 
der 
US-
amerikanischen 
Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the case 
of Notes which are represented by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: § 1(3) and] § 5(1), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Geschäftstage. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann 
hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag. Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. Für diese 
Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
das Clearingsystem [sowie Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickeln] [.] [und]
[[sowie] alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
System 
des 
Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolgesystem 
(T2) offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
(5) Business Days. If the due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day, then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such day and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Business Day" means any day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
the Clearing System [as well as commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in 
[relevant financial centre(s)] settle payments in 
the Specified Currency] [.] [and] [[as well as] all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor system (T2) are open to effect 
payments.]
(6) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldver-
schreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbe-
trag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag; sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 6 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
(6) References. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount; 
the 
Early 
Redemption Amount; and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable under or 
in respect of the Notes. References in these 
Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may 
be payable under § 6. 
(7) Unbeschadet der Bestimmungen des § 6 
unterliegen alle Zahlungen in jedem Fall allen 
anwendbaren Steuer- und anderen Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
und 
Richtlinien 
und 
die 
Emittentin ist nicht für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art verantwortlich, 
die aufgrund solcher gesetzlichen Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien oder Verordnungen auferlegt oder 
erhoben 
werden. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern 
(7) All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and 
directives and the Issuer will not be liable for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations, or directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of § 6. No 
commission or expense shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
85 
werden wegen solcher Zahlungen keine Kosten 
entstehen. 
§ 6 
STEUERN 
§ 6 
TAXATION 
(1) Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Abzug oder 
Einbehalt 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren 
gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in 
einer Relevanten Jurisdiktion (wie nachstehend 
definiert), in der die Emittentin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, oder für deren bzw. dessen 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
dort jeweils zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, 
erhoben 
oder 
eingezogen 
werden 
(nachstehend zusammen "Quellensteuern" 
genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
"Relevante 
Jurisdiktion" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Staat, in der die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem 
solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt in Bezug auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen auf 
Kapital) verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin die 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"Zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
der dem Anleihegläubiger nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt zufließende Nettobetrag jeweils 
den Beträgen an Zinsen entspricht, die ihm 
zustehen würden, wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt nicht erforderlich wäre. Solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge sind jedoch nicht zahlbar 
wegen Quellensteuern, 
(1) All amounts payable in respect of the Notes 
shall be paid without deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties or governmental charges of any nature 
whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in 
or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction (as 
defined below) or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority in any of them having 
power to tax (hereinafter together called 
"Withholding Taxes"), unless such deduction 
or withholding is required by law. "Relevant 
Jurisdiction" means each of the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes. If the 
Issuer is required by law to make any such 
deduction or withholding on payments of 
interest (but not in respect of the payment of any 
principal in respect of the Notes), the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholder after such deduction or withholding 
shall equal the respective amounts of interest 
which would have been receivable had no such 
deduction or withholding been required. No 
such Additional Amounts shall, however, be 
payable on account of any Withholding Taxes: 
(a) 
die von einer als depotführende Stelle 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers handelnden Person 
oder sonst auf andere Weise zu 
entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
(a) 
which are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Noteholder, or otherwise in 
any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer 
from payments made by it; or 
(b) 
die wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen 
Beziehung 
des 
Anleihegläubigers zu einer Relevanten 
Jurisdiktion oder einem anderen Staat 
der Europäischen Union zu zahlen sind, 
und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in der Relevanten Jurisdiktion 
stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) 
which are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having had, some 
personal or business connection with any 
Relevant Jurisdiction 
or 
any 
other 
member state of the European Union and 
not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or 
for purposes of taxation are deemed to 
be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in the Relevant Jurisdiction; or 
(c) 
deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Anleihe-
gläubiger durch Vorlage eines Formulars 
oder einer Bescheinigung und/oder durch 
Abgabe 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung 
oder 
Inanspruchnahme einer vergleichbaren 
Ausnahme oder Geltendmachung eines 
Erstattungsanspruches hätte vermeiden 
können, aber nicht vermieden hat; oder 
(c) 
the withholding or deduction of which a 
Noteholder would be able to avoid by 
presenting any form or certificate and/or 
making a declaration of non-residence or 
similar claim for exemption or refund but 
fails to do so; or 
(d) 
die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
(d) 
which are deducted or withheld pursuant 
to (i) any European Union Directive or

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
86 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über 
deren 
Besteuerung, 
an 
der 
eine 
Relevante 
Jurisdiktion 
oder 
die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist/sind, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese 
Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; 
oder 
Regulation concerning the taxation of 
savings, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation 
and to which any Relevant Jurisdiction or 
the European Union is a party/are 
parties, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or 
introduced 
to 
conform 
with, 
such 
Directive, 
Regulation, 
treaty 
or 
understanding; or 
(e) 
die 
von 
einer 
Zahlung 
an 
einen 
Anleihegläubiger 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten sind, der in einem nicht 
kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet 
im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb 
(Steueroasen-
Abwehrgesetz) wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt (einschließlich der aufgrund von 
diesem 
Gesetz 
ergangenen 
Verordnungen) ansässig ist. 
(e) 
which are to be deducted or withheld 
from any payment to be made to a 
Noteholder being resident in a non-
cooperative country or territory (nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) within 
the meaning of the act to prevent tax 
evasion and unfair tax competition 
(Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz) 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this act). 
Die Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, Zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß 
Sections 
1471 
bis 
1474 
des 
US-
amerikanischen Internal Revenue Code (in der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung 
in 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder 
gemäß mit dem US-amerikanischen Internal 
Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen von 
der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder 
einbehalten wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder Anleihegläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay Additional Amounts deducted 
or withheld by the Issuer, the relevant Paying 
Agent or any other party in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), pursuant to 
any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, 
or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
Withholding"), or to indemnify any Noteholder 
in relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
§ 7 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 7 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 para-
graph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 8 
HAUPTZAHLSTELLE, ZAHLSTELLE UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 8 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING 
AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.
Die Hauptzahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; 
Specified 
Offices. 
The 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and its specified offices are: 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
87 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Calculation Agent: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Die Hauptzahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to change its 
specified offices to some other specified offices 
in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der Hauptzahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen. Die 
Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Hauptzahlstelle, 
einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Hauptzahlstelle, andere Zahlstelle oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine 
Hauptzahlstelle und eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern 
die Anleihegläubiger hierüber gemäß § 9 vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 
und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent"). The 
Issuer further reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another 
Principal Paying Agent, another Paying Agent 
or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent 
and a Calculation Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof 
shall 
have 
been 
given 
to 
the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 9. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Anleihegläubigern und es wird 
kein 
Auftrags- 
oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Anleihegläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not have any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust to any Noteholder. 
§ 9 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 9 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen im Bundesanzeiger in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache [sowie in 
einer führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung in [Ort einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Zeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
einfügen]]. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der 
ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam 
erfolgt.] 
[(1) Publication. Subject to § 11(8) all notices 
concerning the Notes will be made in the federal 
gazette (Bundesanzeiger) in the German or 
English language [and in a leading daily 
newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation 
in 
[specify location], presumably in the [insert 
applicable 
newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation]]. Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the date of the first such publication).]
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change the 
following ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
zum Handel an 
einer Börse 
zugelassen 
sind und falls 
eine Mitteilung 
durch 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) 
erfolgen 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen im Bundesanzeiger in 
deutscher oder englischer Sprache und soweit 
die Regeln der [betreffende Börse einfügen]
dies verlangen, durch elektronische Publikation 
auf der Internetseite der [betreffende Börse 
einfügen] ([Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der 
[(1) Publication. Subject to § 11(8) all notices 
concerning the Notes will be made in the federal 
gazette (Bundesanzeiger) in the German or 
English language and to the extent required by 
the rules of the [insert relevant stock 
exchange] by means of electronic publication 
on the internet website of the [insert relevant 
stock exchange] ([insert internet address]). 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on a 
stock ex-
change and if 
notices may be 
given by means 
of electronic 
publication on

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
88 
elektronische 
Publikation auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse möglich 
ist, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]
been validly given on the day of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the first day 
of such publication).]
the website of 
the relevant 
stock 
exchange, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden und 
falls die 
Regularien 
dieser Börse es 
zulassen, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Sofern 
die Vorschriften der [betreffende Börse 
einfügen] es zulassen und sofern eine 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem § 9(1) 
rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 9(1) durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt.]
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules 
of the [insert relevant stock exchange] so 
permit and if a publication set forth in § 9(1) is 
not legally required, the Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in § 9(1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Noteholders on the 
fifth day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.]
In the case of 
Notes which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change and in 
which case the 
rules of such 
stock exchange 
allow for this 
way of 
publication, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, 
die nicht an 
einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem. 
Vorbehaltlich § 11(8) wird die Emittentin alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
wirksam mitgeteilt.]
[Notification to Clearing System. Subject to 
§ 11(8) the Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Noteholders on 
the fifth day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.]
In case of Notes 
which are 
unlisted the 
following 
applies 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVER-
SCHREIBUNGEN 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Tranchen 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls 
mit 
Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, issue further 
Tranches of Notes having the same conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except 
for 
the 
issue 
date, 
Interest 
Commencement Date and/or issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, NOTEHOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5ff. 
des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen ("SchVG") in seiner jeweils 
geltenden Fassung ändern. Die Anleihegläu-
biger können insbesondere einer Änderung 
wesentlicher Inhalte der Anleihebedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen Maßnahmen, durch Beschlüsse 
mit den in dem nachstehenden § 11(2) 
genannten 
Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. 
Ein 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.
The Issuer may amend the Terms and 
Conditions with the consent of a majority 
resolution of the Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 
et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibun-
gen aus Gesamtemissionen), as amended from 
time to time (the "SchVG"). In particular, the 
Noteholders may consent to amendments 
which materially change the substance of the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including 
such 
measures as provided for under § 5 para-
graph 3 SchVG by resolutions passed by such

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
89 
ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist für alle Anleihegläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
majority of the votes of the Bondholders as 
stated under § 11(2) below. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding equally upon 
all Noteholders. 
Im Fall von 
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
(preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen und nicht-
bevorrechtigten 
nicht-nach-
rangigen (non-
preferred 
senior) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
gemäß diesem § 11(1) steht unter dem 
Vorbehalt 
[An amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
under this § 11(1) is subject to 
In the case of 
preferred 
Senior Notes or 
non-preferred 
Senior Notes 
the following 
applies 
(a) 
der Einhaltung der aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen für die Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkei-
ten der Emittentin gemäß Artikel 72b 
CRR; und 
(a) 
the compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as eligible liabilities instruments of 
the Issuer pursuant to Article 72b CRR; 
and 
(b) 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der für die 
Emittentin zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder der zuständigen Abwicklungs-
behörde.]
(b) 
the prior permission of the competent 
supervisory 
authority 
and/or 
the 
competent resolution authority of the 
Issuer.]
Im Fall von 
nachrangigen 
(Tier 2) Schuld-
verschreibun-
gen ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[Das Recht der Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 11(1) steht unter dem Vorbehalt 
[The Issuer's right under this § 11(1) is subject 
to 
In the case of 
subordinated 
(Tier 2) Notes 
the following 
ap-plies 
(a) 
der Einhaltung der aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Voraussetzungen für die Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Instrumente 
des 
Ergänzungskapitals 
gemäß Artikel 63 CRR der Emittentin; 
und 
(a) 
the compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR; and 
(b) 
der vorherigen Zustimmung der für die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichts-
behörde.]
(b) 
the prior permission of the competent 
supervisory authority of the Issuer.]
Eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen ohne 
Zustimmung der Emittentin scheidet aus. 
There will be no amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions without the Issuer's consent. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Anleihegläu-
biger entscheiden, vorbehaltlich der Erreichung 
der erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, mit einer 
Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 
bis Nr. 9 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen, 
vorbehaltlich der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer 
einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a 
majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes 
cast, 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are met. Resolutions relating to 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate 
to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 
to 9 of the SchVG require a simple majority of 
the votes cast, provided that the quorum 
requirements are met. 
(3) Beschlussfassung. Beschlüsse der Anleihe-
gläubiger werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG 
oder 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
nach 
§ 9 
SchVG 
gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Noteholders. Resolutions of 
Noteholders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in 
accordance 
with 
§ 18 
SchVG 
or 
in 
a 
Noteholder's meeting in accordance with § 9 
SchVG. 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. Die Teilnahme an 
der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
(4) Meeting. Attendance at the meeting and 
exercise of voting rights is subject to the 
Noteholders' prior registration. The registration 
must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice no later than the third day

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
90 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung müssen die Anleihegläubiger ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung durch einen in Textform erstellten 
besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß 
§ 12(4)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage eines 
Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die betreffenden Schuldver-
schreibungen ab dem Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen Ende der Gläubigerversammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Noteholders must demonstrate 
their eligibility to participate in the vote by 
means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 12(4)(i)(a) and 
(b) in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting. 
(5) 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung.
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die 
Anleihegläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung durch einen in 
Textform erstellten besonderen Nachweis der 
Depotbank gemäß § 12(4)(i)(a) und (b) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem 
Tag der Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum 
letzten 
Tag 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
(5) Vote without a meeting. Together with 
casting 
their 
votes 
Noteholders 
must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the 
vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 12(4)(i)(a) and 
(b) in text form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Custodian stating that the 
relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such votes have been cast 
until and including the day the voting period 
ends. 
(6) 
Zweite 
Versammlung. 
Wird 
für 
die 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 11(4) oder die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß 
§ 11(5) die mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit 
festgestellt, 
kann 
– 
im 
Fall 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
– 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung 
und 
die 
Ausübung 
der 
Stimmrechte 
sind 
von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Für 
die Anmeldung der Anleihegläubiger zu einer 
zweiten Versammlung gelten die Regelungen 
des § 11(4) entsprechend. 
(6) Second meeting. If it is ascertained that no 
quorum exists for the meeting pursuant to 
§ 11(4) or the vote without a meeting pursuant 
to § 11(5), in case of a meeting the chairman 
(Vorsitzender) may convene a second meeting 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 15 
paragraph 3 
sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of § 15 paragraph 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Noteholders' prior registration. 
The provisions set out in § 11(4) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
Noteholders' 
registration for a second meeting. 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter.
(7) Noteholders' Representative. 
Falls kein Ge-
meinsamer 
Vertreter in den 
Anlei-
hebedingungen 
bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer 
Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der 
"Gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Anleihegläu-
biger 
bestellen. 
Die 
Bestellung 
eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer Mehrheit 
gemäß § 11(2) Satz 1, wenn er ermächtigt 
werden soll, Änderungen des wesentlichen 
Inhalts der Anleihebedingungen oder sonstigen 
wesentlichen Maßnahmen zuzustimmen.]
[The Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint 
a 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Noteholders' Representative") to exercise 
the Noteholders' rights on behalf of each 
Noteholder. The appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative may only be passed by a 
majority pursuant to § 11(2) sentence 1 if such 
Noteholders' Representative is to be authorised 
to consent to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions or other 
material matters.]
If no Note-
holders' Rep-
resentative is 
designated in 
the Terms and 
Conditions, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall der Be-
stellung des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in 
den Anlei-
hebedingun-
[Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter] (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter"). Die 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf 
das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem Gemeinsamen 
[The 
common 
representative 
(the 
"Noteholders' 
Representative") 
shall 
be
[Noteholders' Representative]. The liability of 
the Noteholders' Representative shall be limited 
to ten times the amount of its annual 
If the Note-
holders' Re-
presentative is 
appointed in the 
Terms and 
Conditions, the

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
91 
gen, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last.]
remuneration, 
unless 
the 
Noteholders' 
Representative has acted wilfully or with gross 
negligence.]
following 
applies 
Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben 
und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die 
Weisungen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind 
die 
einzelnen 
Anleihegläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht 
befugt, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. 
Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Noteholders' Representative shall have the 
duties and powers provided by law or granted 
by majority resolution of the Noteholders. The 
Noteholders' Representative shall comply with 
the instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent that the Noteholders' Representative has 
been authorised to assert certain rights of the 
Noteholders, the Noteholders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Noteholders' Representative 
shall provide reports to the Noteholders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Noteholders' Representative. 
(8) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 11 betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(8) Publication. Any notices concerning this 
§ 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG. 
§ 12 
SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN 
§ 12 
FINAL CLAUSES 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
und 
der 
Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht 
nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Noteholders and the Issuer, shall be governed 
by German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Kornwestheim, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(2) Place of performance. Place of performance 
is Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Schuldversch
reibungen mit 
einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
ausschließlichen 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
rechtliche 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG ist das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibun-
gen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstigen 
Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(3) Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, non-exclusive 
court of venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes is the district 
court (Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
In the case of 
Notes issued 
with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of less than 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Schuldversch
reibungen mit 
einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von 
mindestens 
EUR 100.000 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
ausschließlichen 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
rechtliche 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
dem 
SchVG 
ist 
ausschließlich das Landgericht Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland zuständig für 
sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(3) Jurisdiction. Subject to any exclusive court 
of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG, the district court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic of 
Germany, shall be the exclusive court of 
venue 
for 
any 
action 
or 
other 
legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued 
with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of at least 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder An-
leihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Anleihegläubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen 
Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu 
(4) Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in any 
Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Noteholder and the Issuer are parties, 
protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined 
below) with whom such Noteholder maintains a

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions Option II 
92 
schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die 
unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die 
vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuld-
verschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre 
[im Fall der Emission von Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung 
von weniger als EUR 100.000 gilt Folgendes:
oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande, 
in dem der Rechtsstreit durchgeführt wird, 
prozessual zulässig ist]. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank 
oder 
ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und bei der/dem der Anleihegläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing-
systems. 
securities account in respect of the Notes 
(a) stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(b) specifying 
the 
aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such 
securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and 
(b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorized officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes [in the case of Notes issued with a 
Specified Denomination of less than EUR 
100,000, the following applies: or (iii) any 
other means of proof permitted in legal 
proceedings in the country of enforcement]. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of 
recognized standing authorized to engage in 
securities custody business with which the 
Noteholder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
§ 13 
SPRACHE 
§ 13 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die An-
leihebedin-
gungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die An-
leihebedin-
gungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms and 
Conditions are 
to be in the 
English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation 
insert

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
93 
OPTION III – Pfandbriefbedingungen für 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
und 
Nullkupon-Pfandbriefe 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe and 
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe 
Der folgende 
Absatz ist nur 
auf Pfandbriefe 
mit Zeichnungs-
frist anwendbar, 
bei denen der 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag und/oder 
Preiskompo-
nenten zu ei-
nem späteren 
Datum festge-
setzt werden. 
[[Der Gesamtnennbetrag / [und] folgende 
Preiskomponenten: [●]] [wird / werden] von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) 
am [Datum] festgesetzt und [zusammen mit 
[●]] unverzüglich danach [auf der Internetseite 
[der 
Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.de) / [Börse 
(Internet-Adresse)]] / in [Tageszeitung(en)] /
[●]] bekannt gemacht.]
[[The aggregate principal amount / [and] follow-
ing price components: [●]] will be determined in 
the reasonable discretion of the Issuer pursuant 
to § 315 German Civil Code (BGB) on [date]
and [together with [●]] notified without undue 
delay 
[on 
the 
website 
of 
[Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-
ag.de) / [stock exchange (Internet Address)]]
/ in [newspaper(s)] / [●]].]
The following 
paragraph shall 
only be 
applicable to 
Pfandbriefe 
with a 
Subscription 
Period and 
where the ag-
gregate prin-
cipal amount 
and/or price 
components 
will be deter-
mined on a later 
date. 
PFANDBRIEFBEDINGUNGEN 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
PFANDBRIEFE 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
PFANDBG 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
PFANDBG
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefe") der 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
[festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung")22 im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von [bis zu] [Ge-
samtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnenn-
betrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[festgelegte Stückelung] (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of 
mortgage pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") of 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency")23 in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN insert: (subject to 
§ 1(4))] of [up to] [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal 
amount in words]) in denominations of 
[Specified Denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination").
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in 
bearer form. 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
einen 
Dauerglobal-Pfandbrief 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
[im 
Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: 
ohne 
Zinsscheine]
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und des von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
bestellten 
Treuhänders und ist von der Hauptzahlstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer handschriftlichen 
oder faksimilierten Kontrollunterschrift versehen 
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, 
und 
die 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe 
are represented by a permanent global 
Pfandbrief (the "Permanent Global Note") [in 
the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: 
without interest coupons]. The Permanent 
Global Note bears the handwritten or facsimile 
signatures of duly authorised representatives of 
the Issuer and the independent cover pool 
monitor appointed by the Federal Financial 
Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
and 
is 
provided with a handwritten or facsimile control 
signature by or on behalf of the Principal Paying 
Agent [in the case of Pfandbriefe kept in 
custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
represented by 
a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following 
applies 
22
Die Emissionswährung für Jumbo Pfandbriefe ist EUR.
23 The Specified Currency for Jumbo Pfandbriefe is EUR.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
94 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: und 
trägt die handschriftliche oder faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des common 
safekeepers]. Einzelurkunden [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: 
und Zinsscheine] werden nicht ausgegeben 
und das Recht der Pfandbriefgläubiger, die 
Ausstellung und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden 
zu verlangen, wird ausgeschlossen.]
global note is an NGN insert: and bears the 
handwritten or facsimile signature by or on 
behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Pfandbriefe [in the case of Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe insert: and interest coupons] will 
not be issued and the right of the Pfandbrief-
holders to request the issue and delivery of 
definitive Pfandbriefe shall be excluded.]
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
initially 
represented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following ap-
plies 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch 
einen vorläufigen Global-Pfandbrief (die 
"vorläufige Globalurkunde") [im Fall 
von festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine] verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung, die durch einen Dauerglobal-
Pfandbrief (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Pfand-
briefen einfügen: ohne Zinsscheine]
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vor-
läufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
handschriftlichen oder faksimilierten Un-
terschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevoll-
mächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten 
Treuhänders[,] [und] sind jeweils von der 
Hauptzahlstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen [im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die 
im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, 
und die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
einfügen: 
und 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
handschriftliche 
oder 
faksimilierte 
Unterschrift von oder im Namen des 
common safekeepers]. Einzelurkunden 
[im Fall von festverzinslichen Pfand-
briefen einfügen: und Zinsscheine]
werden nicht ausgegeben und das Recht 
der Pfandbriefgläubiger, die Ausstellung 
und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu 
verlangen, wird ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by a temporary global Pfandbrief (the 
"Temporary Global Note") [in the case 
of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: 
without 
interest 
coupons]. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent 
global 
Pfandbrief 
(the 
"Permanent Global Note") [in the case 
of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: 
without 
interest 
coupons]. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
and 
the 
Permanent Global Note each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
duly authorised representatives of the 
Issuer and the independent cover pool 
monitor 
appointed 
by 
the 
Federal 
Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienst-
leistungsaufsicht)[,] [and] are provided 
with a handwritten or facsimile control 
signature by or on behalf of the Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is an 
NGN 
insert: 
and 
each 
bear 
the 
handwritten or facsimile signature by or 
on behalf of the common safekeeper]. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: and 
interest coupons] will not be issued and 
the right of the Pfandbriefholders to 
request the issue and delivery of 
definitive Pfandbriefe shall be excluded. 
(b) 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
frühestens 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
gemäß 
US-
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder 
die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe keine US-Personen (U.S. 
persons) sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Personen, die Pfandbriefe über solche 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date (the "Exchange Date") 
40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Pfand-
briefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Pfandbriefe 
through such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: Payment

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
95 
Finanzinstitute halten). [im Fall von 
festverzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher 
Bescheinigungen. 
Eine 
gesonderte 
Bescheinigung 
ist 
hinsichtlich 
einer 
jeden 
solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich.]
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die an oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird 
als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem 
§ 1(3)(b) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 5(3) definiert) zu liefern. 
of interest on Pfandbriefe represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of 
interest.] Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of 
issue of the Temporary Global Note will 
be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
§ 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note 
shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in § 5(3)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. [Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Die]
[im 
Fall 
von 
Pfandbriefen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, einfügen: 
Jede] Globalurkunde wird solange von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")]
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg 
("CBL") 
und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear") (CBL 
und 
Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")]
[anderes 
internationales Clearingsystem, Adresse 
einfügen] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System.
[In the case of 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Permanent 
Global Note insert: The]
[in case of 
Pfandbriefe 
initially 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note insert: Each] global 
note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of 
the Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Pfandbriefe have been 
satisfied. "Clearing System" means [if more 
than one Clearing System the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")]
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") (CBL 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] [insert other international clearing 
system, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following ap-
plies 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Pfandbriefen 
führt) 
sind 
maßgeblicher 
Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrags der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und 
eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist maßgebliche 
The aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest in 
the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the global note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating 
the 
amount 
of 
Pfandbriefe 
so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
96 
Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfand-
briefe weist die Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung 
oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen 
der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfand-
briefe 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made 
in 
respect 
of, 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation 
of, 
any 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
represented by the global note the Issuer 
instructs the ICSDs that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the global note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the global note shall 
be reduced by the aggregate principal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Pfandbriefen, die 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, weist die Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]]
[If the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion 
only of the Pfandbriefe represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer instructs the 
ICSDs that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]]
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer Classical 
Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]
[The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the fol-
lowing applies 
(5) Pfandbriefgläubiger. "Pfandbriefgläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Globalurkunden. 
(5) 
Pfandbriefholder. 
"Pfandbriefholder" 
means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Global Notes. 
(6) PfandBG. 
"PfandBG" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Pfandbriefgesetz, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
des PfandBG geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
des PfandBG in diesen Pfandbriefbedingungen 
auf die jeweils geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. 
die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
(6) PfandBG. "Pfandbrief Act" means the 
German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the Pfandbrief Act 
are amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the Pfandbrief Act as used in these 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe shall 
refer to such amended provisions or successor 
provisions from time to time. 
§ 2 
STATUS IN DER LIQUIDATION ODER DER 
INSOLVENZ DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 2 
STATUS IN THE LIQUIDATION OR 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
Die Pfandbriefe begründen nicht-nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander 
gleichrangig 
sind. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe sind nach Maßgabe des PfandBG 
gedeckt und stehen im Fall der Liquidation, 
Auflösung oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin im 
gleichen 
Rang 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are 
covered in accordance with the Pfandbrief Act 
and in the event of the Issuer's liquidation, 
dissolution or insolvency rank pari passu with all

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
97 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
other obligations of the Issuer under mortgage 
Pfandbriefe. 
[Im Fall von festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen24
einfügen: 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe25 insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
Im Fall von 
festverzinsli-
chen Pfand-
briefen ohne 
Step-Up bzw. 
Step-Down ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Pfand-
briefe werden bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte 
Stückelung ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
mit 
[Zinssatz] % per annum verzinst. 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on 
their Specified Denomination at the rate of 
[Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum from and 
including [Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date"). 
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe 
without Step-Up 
or Step-Down 
the following 
applies 
Die Zinsen sind [jährlich / halbjährlich / 
vierteljährlich / [anderer Zeitraum]] nachträglich 
am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] [(erster [langer]
[kurzer]
Kupon)].]
Interest shall be payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / [other time period]] in 
arrear on [Interest Payment Date(s)] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"). The first payment of interest shall be 
made on [First Interest Payment Date] [(first 
[long] [short] coupon)].]
Im Fall von 
Step-Up bzw. 
Step-Down 
Pfandbriefen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Pfand-
briefe werden bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte 
Stückelung ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
mit 
folgenden Zinssätzen verzinst:
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on 
their Specified Denomination at the following 
rates 
from 
and 
including 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date"):
In the case of 
Step-Up or 
Step-Down 
Pfandbriefe the 
following ap-
plies 
[●] % per annum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Datum]
(ausschließlich); 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
[date]; 
26[[●] % 
per 
annum 
ab 
dem 
[Datum]
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Datum]
(ausschließlich)]; 
27[[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]]; 
[●] % 
per 
annum 
ab 
dem 
[Datum]
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Endfälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich). 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
Die Zinsen sind [jährlich / halbjährlich / 
vierteljährlich / [anderer Zeitraum]] nachträglich 
am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] [(erster [langer]
[kurzer]
Kupon)].]
Interest shall be payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / [other time period]] in 
arrear on [Interest Payment Date(s)] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"). The first payment of interest shall be 
made on [First Interest Payment Date] [(first 
[long] [short] coupon)].]
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Pfand-
briefe endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag 
vorangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. Falls die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung 
des ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags der 
Pfandbriefe vom Tag der Fälligkeit bis zum 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe shall 
cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day 
preceding the day on which they are due for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe from the due date 
24
Bei Jumbo Pfandbriefen sind die Zinsen jährlich nachträglich zahlbar.
25 In case of Jumbo Pfandbriefe, interest is payable annually in arrear. 
26
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einzufügen.
27 Further periods to be inserted.

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
98 
Ablauf 
des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
vorausgeht, 
in 
Höhe 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen.28
until the expiry of the day preceding the day of 
the actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe at the 
default rate of interest established by law.29
(3) Zinstagequotient. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
dieser 
Zinsen 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert). 
(3) Day Count Fraction. If interest is required to 
be calculated for any period of time, such 
interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf 
die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf einen 
Pfandbrief für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" 
[(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in die er 
fällt, oder kürzer als diese ist, die Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl von 
Tagen 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (B) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
[(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (A) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (B) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in 
der der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch 
das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, 
die üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided 
by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt aus (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der 
betreffenden Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr 
enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungstermin" bezeichnet jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) einfügen]; 
"Determination Date" means each [insert 
Determination Date(s)]; 
28
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
29 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB).

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
99 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich), der 
in ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich).]
"Determination Period" means each 
period 
from 
and 
including 
a 
Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date.]
Im Fall von 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365).]
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
oder, im Fall eines Zinszahlungstages, der in 
ein Schaltjahr fällt, 366.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
Im Fall von 
"Actual/360" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.]
In the case of 
"Actual/360" 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
100 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 
29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30.]
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das 
der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2
gleich 30 ist.]
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30.]
[Im Fall von Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen einfügen: 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf 
die Pfandbriefe. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die 
Pfandbriefe bei Fälligkeit nicht einlösen, fallen 
auf den ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe ab dem Fälligkeitstag bis zum Tag 
der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung Zinsen in Höhe 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to 
redeem the Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe as from the due date

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
101 
des 
gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Satzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen an.30] 
to the date of actual redemption at the default 
rate of interest established by law.31] 
§ 4 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, RÜCKKAUF 
§ 4 
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Pfandbriefe 
am 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [insert date]
(the "Maturity Date"). 
Hinweis: 
Zur 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
durch 
einen 
Sachwalter nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2c 
PfandBG siehe Hinweis am Ende dieser 
Pfandbriefbedingungen. 
Notice: Please see the notice at the end of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe regarding the possibility of an 
extension of maturity by a cover pool 
administrator 
under 
§ 30 
paragraph 2a 
through 2c of the Pfandbrief Act. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jeden 
Pfandbrief 
entspricht 
[der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung des Pfandbriefs] [anderer Betrag]. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each 
Pfandbrief 
shall 
be 
[its 
Specified 
Denomination] [other amount]. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft ist berechtigt jederzeit 
Pfandbriefe 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig 
zurückzukaufen. Derartig erworbene Pfand-
briefe können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder 
veräußert werden. 
(2) Repurchase. The Issuer or any subsidiary 
may repurchase Pfandbriefe in the open market 
or otherwise at any time. Such acquired Pfand-
briefe may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(3) Keine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung. Die Pfand-
briefgläubiger [falls die Emittentin keine Call-
Option hat: und die Emittentin] sind nicht 
berechtigt, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Pfandbriefe zu verlangen. 
(3) No Early Redemption. The Pfandbrief-
holders [if the Issuer has no Call Option: and 
the Issuer] shall not be entitled to require the 
redemption of the Pfandbriefe prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
Falls die 
Emittentin eine 
Call-Option hat, 
§ 4(4) und (5) 
einfügen32
[(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Issuer has 
a Call Option, 
insert § 4(4) and 
(5)33
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
ausstehenden Pfandbriefe (insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Mitteilung an die Pfandbriefgläubiger 
gemäß § 9 unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als [fünf] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist]
[und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist]]
[Tagen] [Geschäftstagen] [(wie in §5(5) 
definiert)] mit Wirkung zu jedem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht 
gemäß 
Satz 
1 
ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, die 
Pfandbriefe 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung für die Rückzahlung 
(a) 
The Issuer may, on giving not less than 
[five] [other Minimum Notice to Pfand-
briefholders]
[and 
not 
more 
than 
[Maximum 
Notice 
to 
Pfandbrief-
holders]] [days'] [Business Days'] [(as 
defined in §5(5))] prior notice to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 9, 
redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Pfandbriefe with effect as of 
each Call Redemption Date (as specified 
below). If the Issuer exercises its call right 
in accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Pfandbriefe at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
insert: together with accrued interest to 
but excluding such Call Redemption 
30
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
31 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB). 
32
Nicht anwendbar bei Jumbo Pfandbriefen.
33 Not applicable to Jumbo Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
102 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zu 
ihrem 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) [im Fall von festverzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen einfügen: zuzüglich bis zu 
diesem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen]
zurückzuzahlen. 
Date] on the Call Redemption Date fixed 
for redemption. 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)" be-
zeichnet 
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage(e) 
(Call) 
einfügen]. 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]. 
(b) 
Eine solche Kündigung beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Pfandbriefen 
und 
deren 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern; und 
(i) 
the 
series 
and 
securities 
identification 
numbers 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe subject to redemption; 
and 
(ii) 
den 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call).]
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption.]
(5) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(5) Early Redemption Amount. 
Im Fall von 
festverzinsli-
chen Pfand-
briefen ist Fol-
gendes an-
wendbar 
[Für die Zwecke des § 4(4) entspricht der 
"Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug 
auf 
jeden 
Pfandbrief 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung des Pfandbriefs.]
[For purposes of § 4(4) the "Early Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Pfandbrief shall be 
its Specified Denomination.]
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe the 
following ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
Nullkupon-
Pfandbriefen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(a) 
Für die Zwecke des § 4(4) entspricht der 
"Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug 
auf 
jeden 
Pfandbrief 
dem 
Amortisationsbetrag. 
[(a) 
For purposes of § 4(4) the "Early 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each 
Pfandbrief shall be its Amortized Face 
Amount. 
In the case of 
Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe the 
following ap-
plies 
(b) 
Der 
"Amortisationsbetrag" 
eines 
Pfandbriefs entspricht dem Produkt aus 
(b) 
The "Amortized Face Amount" of a 
Pfandbrief shall be an amount equal to 
the product of 
(i) 
der Festgelegten Stückelung und 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination, and 
(ii) 
dem 
Ergebnis 
der 
folgenden 
Formel: 
(ii) 
the result of the following formula: 
𝑅𝐾× (1 + 𝐸𝑅)𝑦
𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"RK" entspricht 
[Referenzkurs 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz]; 
"RP" means 
[Reference 
Price 
expressed as a percentage]; 
"ER" entspricht 
[Emissionsrendite 
ausgedrückt als Dezimalbetrag], 
und 
"AY" means 
[Amortisation 
Yield 
expressed as a decimal]; and 
"y" 
entspricht [einer Bruchzahl, deren 
Zähler der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
von Tagen ab dem [Tag der 
Begebung der ersten Tranche 
der Pfandbriefe] (einschließlich) 
"y" 
is [a fraction the numerator of 
which is equal to the actual 
number of days from and including 
[Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe] 
to 
but

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
103 
bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung 
vorgesehenen 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
oder 
(gegebenenfalls) dem Tag, an 
dem der betreffende Pfandbrief 
fällig 
und 
rückzahlbar 
wird, 
(ausschließlich), entspricht und 
deren Nenner 366 ist für die Tage 
des 
Zeitraums, 
die 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fallen und 365 ist für die 
Tage des Zeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen]
[anderer 
Zinstagekoeffizient].]
excluding 
the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such 
Pfandbrief 
becomes 
due 
and 
repayable and the denominator of 
which is 366 for the days of the 
period falling in a leap year and 
365 for the days of the period 
falling in a non-leap year] [other 
day count fraction].]
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf 
Kapital in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(1)(a) Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal in respect of Pfandbriefe shall 
be made, subject to § 5(2) below, to the 
Clearing System or (if applicable) to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe 
von 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest 
on Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to 
§ 5(2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, 
die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2) an das Clearingsystem oder (falls 
anwendbar) dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
[Payment of interest on Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to § 5(2), to 
the Clearing System or (if applicable) to 
its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest payable 
on a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following 
applies 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe in der 
Festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des [im 
Fall von Pfandbriefen, die zunächst durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: § 1(3) und des] § 5(1) 
bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der US-amerikanischen Virgin Islands, 
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the case 
of Pfandbriefe which are represented by a 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
the 
following 
applies: § 1(3) and] § 5(1), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
104 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Geschäftstage. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf einen Pfandbrief auf 
einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann hat 
der Pfandbriefgläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag. Der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, [im Fall 
von 
festverzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen 
einfügen: weitere] Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet 
"Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
das 
Clearingsystem [sowie Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickeln] [.] [und]
[[sowie] alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
System 
des 
Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolgesystem 
(T2) offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
(5) Business Days. If the due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not 
a Business Day, then the Pfandbriefholder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next such 
day and shall not be entitled to [in the case of 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe insert: further] interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which the Clearing System [as well as 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)] settle 
payments in the Specified Currency] [.] [and]
[[as well as] all relevant parts of the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) are 
open to effect payments.]
(6) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen auf Kapital der Pfand-
briefe 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Pfandbriefe; 
den 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag; sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Pfandbriefe zahlbaren Beträge. 
(6) References. References in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Pfandbriefe to principal in 
respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount; the Early Redemption Amount; and 
any premium and any other amounts which may 
be payable under or in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe. 
(7) Unbeschadet der Bestimmungen des § 6 
unterliegen alle Zahlungen in jedem Fall allen 
anwendbaren Steuer- und anderen Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen 
und 
Richtlinien 
und 
die 
Emittentin ist nicht für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art verantwortlich, 
die aufgrund solcher gesetzlichen Vorschriften, 
Richtlinien oder Verordnungen auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden. Den Pfandbriefgläubigern 
werden wegen solcher Zahlungen keine Kosten 
entstehen. 
(7) All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and 
directives and the Issuer will not be liable for any 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations, or directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of § 6. No 
commission or expense shall be charged to the 
Pfandbriefholders in respect of such payments. 
§ 6 
STEUERN 
§ 6 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in einer 
Relevanten 
Jurisdiktion 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), in der die Emittentin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, oder für deren bzw. dessen 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
dort jeweils zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, 
erhoben 
oder 
eingezogen 
werden 
(nachstehend zusammen "Quellensteuern" 
genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
All amounts payable in respect of the Pfand-
briefe shall be paid without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties or governmental charges of 
any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or 
collected by or in or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined below) or by or on 
behalf of any political subdivision or authority in 
any of them having power to tax (hereinafter 
together called "Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. "Relevant Jurisdiction" means each of 
the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes. If the Issuer is required by law to

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
105 
Einbehalt 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
"Relevante 
Jurisdiktion" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Staat, in der die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig 
ist. Sofern die Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem 
solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt verpflichtet ist, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
betreffenden 
Quellensteuern einbehalten oder abziehen, und 
die einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen Beträge 
an die zuständigen Behörden zahlen. Die 
Emittentin ist nicht verpflichtet, wegen eines 
solchen Einbehalts oder Abzugs zusätzliche 
Beträge an Kapital oder Zinsen zu zahlen. 
make any such deduction or withholding, the 
Issuer will deduct or withhold such Withholding
Taxes and pay the amounts deducted or 
withheld to the competent authorities. The 
Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts of capital or interest because of such 
deduction or withholding. 
Die Emittentin ist ferner nicht verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, 
die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des US-
amerikanischen Internal Revenue Code (in der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung 
in 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder 
gemäß mit dem US-amerikanischen Internal 
Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen von 
der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder 
einbehalten wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder Pfandbriefgläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts deducted 
or withheld by the Issuer, the relevant Paying 
Agent or any other party in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), pursuant to 
any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, 
or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
Withholding"), 
or 
to 
indemnify 
any 
Pfandbriefeholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
§ 7 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 7 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Pfand-
briefe. 
§ 8 
HAUPTZAHLSTELLE UND ZAHLSTELLE 
§ 8 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND PAYING 
AGENT 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
Die Hauptzahlstelle und deren bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
(1) Appointment; 
Specified 
Offices. 
The 
Principal Paying Agent and its specified offices 
are: 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Die Hauptzahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Principal Paying Agent reserves the right at 
any time to change its specified offices to some 
other specified offices in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam 
mit der Hauptzahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
106 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen. Die 
Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Hauptzahlstelle 
oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Hauptzahlstelle oder 
andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Hauptzahlstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern 
die Pfandbriefgläubiger hierüber gemäß § 9 
vorab 
unter 
Einhaltung 
einer 
Frist 
von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent"). The 
Issuer further reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Principal Paying Agent or 
another Paying Agent. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Principal Paying Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 9. 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle und die Zahlstelle handeln 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Pfandbriefgläu-
bigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Principal Paying 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust to any Pfandbriefholder. 
§ 9 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 9 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache 
[sowie 
in 
einer 
führenden 
Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung in 
[Ort einfügen], voraussichtlich [Zeitung mit 
allgemeiner Verbreitung einfügen]]. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]34
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe will be made in the federal gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) in the German or English 
language [and in a leading daily newspaper 
having general circulation in [specify location], 
presumably 
in 
the 
[insert 
applicable 
newspaper having general circulation]]. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the date of the 
first such publication).]35
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock exchange 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
an einer Börse 
zugelassen sind 
und falls eine 
Mitteilung 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse möglich 
ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache 
und 
soweit 
die 
Regeln 
der 
[betreffende Börse einfügen] dies verlangen, 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation 
auf 
der 
Internetseite der [betreffende Börse einfügen]
([Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.]
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe will be made in the federal gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) in the German or English 
language and to the extent required by the rules 
of the [insert relevant stock exchange] by 
means of electronic publication on the internet 
website 
of 
the 
[insert 
relevant 
stock 
exchange] ([insert internet address]). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the day of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the first day of 
such publication).]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on a 
stock ex-
change and if 
notices may be 
given by means 
of electronic 
publication on 
the website of 
the relevant 
stock 
exchange, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
[(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Sofern 
die Vorschriften der [betreffende Börse 
einfügen] es zulassen und sofern eine 
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules 
of the [insert relevant stock exchange] so 
permit and if a publication set forth in § 9(1) is 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
34
Jumbo Pfandbriefen werden an einem regulierten Markt innerhalb der EU notiert.
35 Jumbo Pfandbriefe are listed on a regulated market within the EU.

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
107 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden und 
falls die 
Regularien 
dieser Börse es 
zulassen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem § 9(1) 
rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 9(1) durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern mitgeteilt.]
not legally required, the Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in § 9(1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the Pfand-
briefholders on the fifth day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.]
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change and in 
which case the 
rules of such 
stock exchange 
allow for this 
way of 
publication, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die nicht an 
einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die Pfand-
briefgläubiger 
übermitteln. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern mitgeteilt.]
[Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Pfand-
briefe 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the 
Pfandbriefholders on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]
In case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
unlisted the 
following 
applies 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF PFANDBRIEFE 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung der Pfandbriefgläubiger weitere 
Tranchen 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Pfandbriefen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Pfandbriefholders, issue further 
Tranches of Pfandbriefe having the same 
conditions as the Pfandbriefe in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the issue date, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 11 
SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN 
§ 11 
FINAL CLAUSES 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmen 
sich 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Pfandbriefholders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Kornwestheim, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(2) Place of performance. Place of performance 
is Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(3) Jurisdiction. 
The 
district 
court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic of 
Germany, shall be the non-exclusive court of 
venue 
for 
any 
action 
or 
other 
legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
issued with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of less than 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit einer 
Festgelegten
(3) Gerichtsstand. Ausschließlich zuständig 
für sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Pfandbriefen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
(3) Jurisdiction. 
The 
district 
court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic of 
Germany, shall be the exclusive court of 
venue 
for 
any 
action 
or 
other 
legal 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
issued with a 
Specified 
Denomination

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
108 
Stückelung 
von 
mindestens 
EUR 100.000 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
ist das Landgericht Stuttgart, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or 
in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
of at least 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Pfand-
briefgläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Pfandbriefgläubiger 
und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei 
der er für die Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Pfandbrief-
gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht 
sind 
und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Pfand-
briefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem 
solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre [im Fall 
der Emission von Pfandbriefen mit einer 
Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 gilt Folgendes: oder (iii) auf jede 
andere Weise, die im Lande, in dem der 
Rechtsstreit durchgeführt wird, prozessual 
zulässig ist]. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapier-
verwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der 
/ 
dem 
der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Pfandbriefe unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(4) Enforcement. Any Pfandbriefholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Pfandbriefholder and the Issuer are 
parties, protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under such Pfandbriefe on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
(as defined below) with whom such Pfandbrief-
holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Pfandbriefholder, (b) specifying 
the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the 
Pfandbrief in global form certified as being a 
true copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the global 
note representing the Pfandbriefe [in the case 
of Pfandbriefe issued with a Specified 
Denomination of less than EUR 100,000, the 
following applies: or (iii) any other means of 
proof permitted in legal proceedings in the 
country of enforcement]. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or 
other financial institution of recognized standing 
authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Pfandbriefholder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe and includes the Clearing System. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die 
Pfandbrief-
bedingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Pfandbriefbedingungen 
sind 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.]
[These 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe are written in the German language 
and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Conditions 
of the 
Pfandbriefe are 
to be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
109 
Falls die 
Pfandbrief-
bedingungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese 
Pfandbriefbedingungen 
sind 
in 
englischer 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.]
[These 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe are written in the English language 
and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling 
and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Conditions 
of the 
Pfandbriefe are 
to be in the 
English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation 
insert 
Hinweis 
zur 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
durch 
einen 
Sachwalter nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2c 
PfandBG: 
Notice regarding the possibility of an 
extension of maturity by a cover pool 
administrator 
under 
§ 30 
paragraph 2a 
through 2c of the Pfandbrief Act: 
(1) Rückzahlungsbeträge. 
Falls 
ein 
oder 
mehrere Sachwalter ernannt wird bzw. werden, 
ist ein Sachwalter berechtigt, die Fälligkeiten 
der Tilgungszahlungen zu verschieben, sofern 
zum Zeitpunkt des Hinausschiebens der 
Fälligkeit die folgenden Voraussetzungen unter 
(a) 
bis 
(c) 
gegeben 
sind; 
für 
Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum 
von einen Monat nach Ernennung des 
Sachwalters nicht überschreiten, wird das 
Vorliegen 
dieser 
Voraussetzungen 
unwiderlegbar vermutet: 
(1) Final Redemption Amounts. In the event that 
one or more cover pool administrators are 
appointed, a cover pool administrator will be 
authorised to extend the maturity of the 
redemption payments if, at the time the maturity 
is extended, the pre-conditions listed in (a) 
through (c) below are met; these pre-conditions 
will irrefutably be deemed to have been met with 
regard to any extension of maturity not 
exceeding the period of one month as from the 
appointment of the cover pool administrator: 
(a) 
Das Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit ist 
erforderlich, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit zu vermeiden; 
(a) 
The maturity extension is necessary to 
prevent the Pfandbriefbank with limited 
business 
activity 
from 
becoming 
insolvent; 
(b) 
die Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit ist nicht überschuldet; 
und 
(b) 
the Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activity is not over-indebted; and 
(c) 
es besteht Grund zu der Annahme, dass 
die Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit jedenfalls nach Ablauf 
des 
größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums, 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten, ihre dann 
fälligen Verbindlichkeiten erfüllen kann. 
(c) 
there is reason to believe that the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activity will be able, at the latest after the 
expiry of the longest possible extension 
period 
taking 
into 
account 
further 
possibilities of maturity extension, to fulfil 
its liabilities that are due at that time. 
Die 
Verschiebungsdauer 
bestimmt 
der 
Sachwalter entsprechend der Erforderlichkeit 
nach den vorgenannten Voraussetzungen. 
Insgesamt darf die Verschiebungsdauer einen 
Zeitraum von 12 Monaten nicht überschreiten. 
The cover pool administrator decides on the 
extension period based on necessity in light of 
the pre-conditions set out above. The extension 
period may not, in aggregate, exceed a period 
of 12 months. 
(2) Zinsen. Weiterhin kann der Sachwalter die 
Fälligkeiten der Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb 
eines Monats nach seiner Ernennung fällig 
werden, auf das Ende dieses Monatszeitraums 
verschieben. 
(2) Interest. 
In 
addition 
the 
cover 
pool 
administrator may extend the maturity of 
interest payments that are due within one month 
of 
the 
appointment 
of 
the 
cover 
pool 
administrator to the end of that monthly period. 
(3) Überholverbot. Der Sachwalter darf von 
seiner Befugnis für sämtliche Pfandbriefe einer 
Serie nur einheitlich, jedoch vollständig oder 
anteilig, 
Gebrauch 
machen. 
Macht 
der 
(3) No alteration of the sequence of payments. 
The cover pool administrator may use the 
authorisation only uniformly, but in whole or in 
part, for all Pfandbriefe of a series. If the cover

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions Option III 
110 
Sachwalter 
von 
der 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung für eine Serie von 
Pfandbriefen Gebrauch, muss er auch die 
Fälligkeiten 
der 
innerhalb 
dieses 
Verschiebungszeitraums 
fällig 
werdenden 
Zahlungen anderer Pfandbriefverbindlichkeiten 
in mindestens dem Verhältnis verschieben, in 
dem die ursprünglich früher fällige Serie von 
Pfandbriefen zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch nicht 
erfüllt ist. 
pool administrator opts for an extension of 
maturity 
regarding 
a 
certain 
series 
of 
Pfandbriefe, the administrator must also extend 
the maturities of the payments under any other 
Pfandbrief liabilities that will become due within 
that extension period at least to the extent that 
the liabilities under the series of Pfandbriefe 
originally maturing earlier have not yet been 
fulfilled at that point in time. 
(4) Bedienung 
vor 
Ende 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums. 
Pfandbrief-
verbindlichkeiten, deren Fälligkeit ohne die 
Verschiebung eingetreten wären, bleiben auch 
während der Dauer ihrer Verschiebung mit der 
Maßgabe erfüllbar, dass die Verbindlichkeiten 
einer Emission nur einheitlich, aber vollständig 
oder anteilig, und höchstens in dem Verhältnis 
getilgt werden dürfen, in dem ursprünglich 
früher fällige, aber noch nicht vollständig 
zurückgezahlte Serie von Pfandbriefen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erfüllt sind. 
(4) Satisfaction prior to the expiry of the 
extension period. Pfandbrief liabilities that 
would have matured also without the extension 
can still be fulfilled during the extension period 
provided that the liabilities of an issue may be 
fulfilled only uniformly, but in whole or in part, 
and at most to the extent that the liabilities under 
series of Pfandbriefe originally maturing earlier 
but not yet fully redeemed have been fulfilled at 
that point in time. 
Im Fall von 
festverzinsli-
chen 
Pfandbriefen ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
(5) Verzinsung 
während 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
dann 
noch 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag für die Dauer 
der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zur 
Verschiebung geltenden Bedingungen verzinst. 
Gleiches 
gilt 
für 
hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen, die hierfür als Kapitalbeträge 
gelten. 
(5) Interest accruing during the extension 
period. Interest will accrue on the Pfandbriefe 
for the duration of the extension period based 
on the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
in accordance with the terms and conditions 
applicable up until the extension. The same 
applies to deferred interest payments, which for 
this purpose will be deemed to constitute 
principal amounts. 
In the case of 
Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe the 
following ap-
plies 
Im Fall von 
Nullkupon- 
Pfandbriefen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
(5) Verzinsung 
während 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
durch 
einen 
Sachwalter entspricht der Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am hinausgeschobenen Endfälligkeitstag dem 
zu diesem Tag entsprechend § 4(5)(b) dieser 
Pfandbriefbedingungen 
zu 
bestimmenden 
Amortisationsbetrag. 
(5) Interest accruing during the extension 
period. In the event of an extension of maturity 
by a cover pool administrator, the Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
on 
the 
extended 
scheduled maturity date corresponds to the 
Amortisation Amount to be determined as of 
that date in accordance with § 4(5)(b) of these 
Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe. 
In the case of 
Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe the 
following ap-
plies 
(6) Mitteilungen nach § 30 Absatz 2c PfandBG. 
Der Sachwalter hat jedes Hinausschieben der 
Fälligkeit nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2b PfandBG 
unverzüglich 
unter 
Angabe 
des 
Verschiebungsumfangs auf der Internetseite 
der Emittentin bei den nach § 28 PfandBG zu 
der 
betreffenden 
Pfandbriefgattung 
veröffentlichten Angaben, in mindestens einem 
überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt sowie im 
Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen. Dies gilt 
entsprechend 
für 
vor 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums 
vorgenommene 
Tilgungszahlungen. 
(6) Notices under § 30 paragraph 2c of the 
Pfandbrief Act. The cover pool administrator 
must publish any extension of maturity under 
§ 30 paragraph 2a through 2b of the Pfandbrief 
Act, stating the period of the maturity extension, 
without undue delay on the website of the Issuer 
in the same place as any information regarding 
the relevant class of Pfandbriefe published 
pursuant to § 28 of the Pfandbrief Act, in at least 
one national official stock exchange gazette and 
in the Federal Gazette. This applies mutatis 
mutandis to any redemption payments made 
prior to the expiry of the extension period.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
111 
OPTION IV – Pfandbriefbedingungen für 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Der folgende 
Absatz ist nur 
auf Pfandbriefe 
mit Zeichnungs-
frist anwendbar, 
bei denen der 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag und/oder 
Preiskompo-
nenten zu ei-
nem späteren 
Datum festge-
setzt werden. 
[[Der Gesamtnennbetrag / [und] folgende 
Preiskomponenten: [●]] [wird / werden] von der 
Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen (§ 315 BGB) 
am [Datum] festgesetzt und [zusammen mit [●]]
unverzüglich danach [auf der Internetseite [der 
Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.ww-ag.de) / [Börse (Internet-Adresse)]]
/ in [Tageszeitung(en)] / [●]] bekannt gemacht.]
[[The aggregate principal amount / [and]
following price components: [●]] will be 
determined in the reasonable discretion of the 
Issuer pursuant to § 315 German Civil Code 
(BGB) on [date] and [together with [●]] notified 
without undue delay [on the website of 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
(www.ww-ag.de) / [stock exchange (Internet 
Address)]] / in [newspaper(s)] / [●]].]
The following 
paragraph shall 
only be 
applicable to 
Pfandbriefe 
with a 
Subscription 
Period and 
where the ag-
gregate prin-
cipal amount 
and/or price 
components 
will be deter-
mined on a later 
date. 
PFANDBRIEFBEDINGUNGEN 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
PFANDBRIEFE 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
PFANDBG 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
PFANDBG
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefe") der 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (die 
"Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung]
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] von 
[bis zu] 
[Ge-
samtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnenn-
betrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[festgelegte Stückelung] (die "Festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This series of 
mortgage pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") of 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN insert: (subject to 
§ 1(4))] of [up to] [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal 
amount in words]) in denominations of 
[Specified Denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination").
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in 
bearer form. 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde ver-
brieft sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
einen 
Dauerglobal-Pfandbrief 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter 
Vertreter der Emittentin und des von der 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
und 
ist 
von 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
handschriftlichen 
oder 
faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen [im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, und die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, einfügen: und trägt die 
handschriftliche oder faksimilierte Unterschrift 
von oder im Namen des common safekeepers]. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben und das Recht der Pfandbriefgläu-
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe 
are represented by a permanent global 
Pfandbrief (the "Permanent Global Note") 
without interest coupons. The Permanent 
Global Note bears the handwritten or facsimile 
signatures of duly authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and the independent cover pool 
monitor appointed by the Federal Financial 
Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
and 
is 
provided with a handwritten or facsimile control 
signature by or on behalf of the Principal 
Paying Agent [in the case of Pfandbriefe kept 
in custody on behalf of the ICSDs and the 
global note is an NGN insert: and bears the 
handwritten or facsimile signature by or on 
behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued and the right of the Pfandbriefholders to 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
represented by 
a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following 
applies

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
112 
biger, die Ausstellung und Lieferung von 
Einzelurkunden 
zu 
verlangen, 
wird 
ausgeschlossen.]
request the issue and delivery of definitive 
Pfandbriefe shall be excluded.]
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die anfänglich 
durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
initially 
represented by 
a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following ap-
plies 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch 
einen vorläufigen Global-Pfandbrief (die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Pfandbriefe in 
der Festgelegten Stückelung, die durch 
einen Dauerglobal-Pfandbrief (die "Dau-
erglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vor-
läufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
globalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
handschriftlichen oder faksimilierten Un-
terschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevoll-
mächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
bestellten 
Treuhänders[,] [und] sind jeweils von der 
Hauptzahlstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer handschriftlichen oder faksimilierten 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen [im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt 
werden, 
und 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
und tragen jeweils die handschriftliche 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von oder im 
Namen des common safekeepers]. Ein-
zelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben und das Recht der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger, die Ausstellung und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden zu ver-
langen, wird ausgeschlossen. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by a temporary global Pfandbrief (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
interest coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Pfand-
briefe in the Specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global 
Pfandbrief (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without interest coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
and 
the 
Permanent Global Note each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signatures of 
duly authorised representatives of the 
Issuer and the independent cover pool 
monitor appointed by the Federal 
Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienst-
leistungsaufsicht)[,] [and] are provided 
with a handwritten or facsimile control 
signature by or on behalf of the Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
[in 
the 
case 
of 
Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is an 
NGN insert: and each bear the 
handwritten or facsimile signature by or 
on behalf of the common safekeeper]. 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued and the right 
of the Pfandbriefholders to request the 
issue and delivery of definitive Pfand-
briefe shall be excluded. 
(b) 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
frühestens 
an 
einem 
Tag 
(der 
"Austauschtag") 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 
40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde 
liegt. 
Ein 
solcher Austausch wird nur nach Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
gemäß 
US-
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe keine US-Personen (U.S. 
persons) sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst nach 
Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich 
einer 
jeden 
solchen 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die an 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der 
Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchangeable for the Permanent Global 
Note from a date (the "Exchange Date") 
40 days after the date of issue of the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the Pfand-
briefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U.S. person (other 
than certain financial institutions or 
certain persons holding Pfandbriefe 
through such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of 
interest on Pfandbriefe represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifications. 
A separate certification shall be required 
in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of 
issue of the Temporary Global Note will 
be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
this § 1(3)(b). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
113 
gemäß diesem § 1(3)(b) auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
geliefert 
werden, 
sind 
nur 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
in 
§ 5(3) 
definiert) zu liefern. 
shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in § 5(3)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. [Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, einfügen: Die] [im Fall von Pfandbriefen, 
die durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, einfügen: Jede] Globalurkunde 
wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Pfand-
briefen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 
65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] [anderes 
internationales 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse 
einfügen] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System.
[In the case of 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Permanent 
Global Note insert: The]
[in case of 
Pfandbriefe initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note insert: Each] global 
note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of 
the Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Pfandbriefe have been 
satisfied. "Clearing System" means [if more 
than one Clearing System the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany 
("CBF")]
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") 
(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together 
the 
"ICSDs")]
[insert 
other 
international clearing system, address] and 
any successor in such capacity. 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer New 
Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common safekeeper im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
[The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is 
an NGN the 
following ap-
plies 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. 
Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden 
über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfand-
briefen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und eine 
zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist maßgebliche 
Bestätigung des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers which 
reflect the amount of such customer's interest 
in the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the aggregate principal amount of 
Pfandbriefe represented by the global note 
and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
an ICSD stating the amount of Pfandbriefe so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
Bei jeder Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfand-
briefe weist die Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder 
des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich der 
Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
On any redemption or payment of interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by the global note the Issuer 
instructs the ICSDs that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the global note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the global note shall

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
114 
der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften 
bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe 
abgezogen wird. 
be reduced by the aggregate principal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch 
nur eines Teils von Pfandbriefen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, weist die 
Emittentin die ICSDs an, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]]
[If the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, the 
following applies: On an exchange of a 
portion only of the Pfandbriefe represented by 
a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer instructs 
the ICSDs that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.]]
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die im Namen 
der ICSDs ver-
wahrt werden, 
und die Glo-
balurkunde eine 
CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer Classical 
Global Note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.]
[The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the fol-
lowing applies 
(5) Pfandbriefgläubiger. "Pfandbriefgläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Globalurkunden. 
(5) 
Pfandbriefholder. 
"Pfandbriefholder" 
means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Global Notes. 
(6) PfandBG. 
"PfandBG" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Pfandbriefgesetz, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen 
des PfandBG geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen des 
PfandBG in diesen Pfandbriefbedingungen auf 
die jeweils geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
(6) PfandBG. "Pfandbrief Act" means the 
German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; to the 
extent that any provisions of the Pfandbrief Act 
are amended or replaced, the reference to 
provisions of the Pfandbrief Act as used in 
these Terms and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe 
shall refer to such amended provisions or 
successor provisions from time to time. 
§ 2 
STATUS IN DER LIQUIDATION ODER DER 
INSOLVENZ DER EMITTENTIN 
§ 2 
STATUS IN THE LIQUIDATION OR 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER 
Die Pfandbriefe begründen nicht-nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe 
sind nach Maßgabe des PfandBG gedeckt und 
stehen im Fall der Liquidation, Auflösung oder 
der Insolvenz der Emittentin im gleichen Rang 
mit allen anderen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
aus Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The 
obligations 
under 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
constitute unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer 
ranking 
pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves. 
The 
Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the 
Pfandbrief Act and in the event of the Issuer's 
liquidation, dissolution or insolvency rank pari 
passu with all other obligations of the Issuer 
under mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Jeder Pfandbrief wird bezogen auf seine 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) (ausschließlich) 
und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
(a) 
Each Pfandbrief shall bear interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest (as 
defined below) from and including 
[insert Interest Commencement Date]
(the "Interest Commencement Date") 
to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date (as defined below) and

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
115 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) (jede 
solche Periode eine "Zinsperiode") mit 
einem jährlichen Satz, der dem Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) entspricht, 
verzinst. Die Zinsen auf die Pfandbriefe 
für jede Zinsperiode sind nachträglich an 
jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
thereafter from and including each 
Interest Payment Date to but excluding 
the next following Interest Payment Date 
(each 
such 
period, 
an 
"Interest 
Period"). Interest on the Pfandbriefe for 
each Interest Period shall be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
jeden 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
einfügen], 
erstmals 
den 
[erster 
festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
(b) 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date" 
means, 
subject to the Business Day Convention, 
each 
[insert 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date(s)], commencing on
[insert 
first 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Date]. 
(c) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" 
hat 
die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(c) 
"Business Day Convention" has the 
following meaning: If any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day, it shall 
be: 
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender Ge-
schäftstag-Kon-
vention (adjus-
tiert) ist Fol-
gendes 
anwendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall der FRN 
(Floating Rate 
Pfandbriefe – 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe) -
Konvention 
(adjustiert) ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; 
in 
diesem 
Fall 
(i) wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag des Monats, der [Zahl 
einfügen] 
Monate 
nach 
dem 
vorangegangenen 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall 
be the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls [insert 
number] months after the preceding 
applicable payment date.]
In the case of 
the Floating 
Rate 
Pfandbriefe 
(FRN) Conven-
tion adjusted 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall der fol-
gender Ge-
schäftstag-Kon-
vention (adjus-
tiert) ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.]
[postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall der vor-
hergehender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention 
(adjustiert) ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[auf den unmittelbar vorangehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.]
[brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day.]
In the case of 
the Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
adjusted the 
following 
applies 
(d) 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
(d) 
"Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
116 
dem 
das 
Clearingsystem 
[sowie 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)]
Zahlungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
abwickeln]
[.]
[und]
[[sowie] 
alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
the Clearing System [as well as 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)]
settle 
payments 
in 
the 
Specified 
Currency] [.] [and] [[as well as] all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor system 
(T2) are open to effect payments.]
(2) Zinssatz und Referenzsatz. Der "Zinssatz" 
für jede Zinsperiode ist der Zinssatz per annum, 
der 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], mindestens jedoch null 
Prozent, entspricht, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 8 definiert) 
erfolgen. 
(2) Rate of Interest and Reference Rate. The 
rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period will be the interest rate per 
annum equal to the Reference Rate (as defined 
below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], subject to a minimum of zero per cent., 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 8). 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
den betreffenden Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe 
dieses § 3(2). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance with 
this § 3(2) on each Interest Determination Date 
(as defined below). 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode wird 
wie folgt bestimmt: 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Für jede Zinsperiode, die vor dem Eintritt 
des jeweiligen Stichtags (wie in § 3(3)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(a) 
For each Interest Period beginning prior 
to the occurrence of the relevant 
Effective Date (as defined in § 3(3)(g)), 
the Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Original Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt an dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird, 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz 
dem 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page as at the 
relevant time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
shall be equal to the Original Benchmark 
Rate on the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such Original Benchmark 
Rate was displayed. 
(b) 
Für die Zinsperiode, die unmittelbar nach 
dem jeweiligen Stichtag beginnt, und alle 
folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
wird 
der 
Referenzsatz gemäß § 3(3) bestimmt. 
(b) 
For the Interest Period commencing 
immediately after the relevant Effective 
Date and all following Interest Periods, 
the Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(3). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.]
["Margin" means [●] per cent. per annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" bezeichnet die Reuters-
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche 
die 
Reuters-Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01 or such other screen page 
of Reuters or such other information service 
which is the successor to the Reuters screen 
page EURIBOR01. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an 
dem das Real-time Gross Settlement System 
des Eurosystems oder dessen Nachfolgesystem 
(T2) betriebsbereit ist. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the 
real-time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) 
is operating. 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag bezeichnet (vorbehaltlich § 3(3)) die [1 / 3 / 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day 
means (subject to § 3(3)) the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
117 
6 
/ 
12]-Monats-Euro-Interbank-Offered-Rate 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum), die an 
dem betreffenden Tag um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) festgesetzt und auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird. 
month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) fixed at, and 
appearing on the Screen Page as of, 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on such day. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second T2 Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
Falls ein kurzer 
oder langer 
[erster / letzter] 
Kupon vorliegt 
und Inter-
polation 
anzuwenden ist, 
gilt Folgendes 
Für die [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode legt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger Weise durch lineare Interpolation 
zwischen zwei Referenzzinssätzen fest, von 
denen (i) der eine Referenzzinssatz für einen 
Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzzinssatz 
gibt und der der Länge der anwendbaren 
Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, aber kürzer als 
diese ist und (ii) der andere Referenzzinssatz für 
einen Zeitraum zu bestimmen ist, für den es 
einen 
dem 
Referenzsatz 
vergleichbaren 
Referenzzinssatz gibt und der der Länge der 
anwendbaren Zinsperiode am nächsten kommt, 
aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the [first] [last] Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation 
Agent 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
in 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner using the straight-line 
interpolation by reference to two reference 
interest rates, (i) one of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a reference 
interest rate similar to the Reference Rate is 
available and which is next closest to but 
shorter than the applicable Interest Period and 
(ii) the other of which shall be determined for a 
term for which a reference interest rate similar 
to the Reference Rate is available and which is 
next closest to but longer than the applicable 
Interest Period. 
If a short/long 
[first / last] 
coupon is 
applicable and 
interpolation is 
applicable, the 
following 
applies 
(3) Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Benchmark-
Ereignis (wie nachstehend definiert) in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt für die Bestimmung des betreffenden 
Referenzsatzes 
und 
die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Pfandbriefe gemäß § 3(2) Folgendes: 
(3) Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark Event 
(as defined below) occurs in relation to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the 
Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 3(2) will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, 
ist 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
berechtigt, nach billigem Ermessen einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(3)(g) 
definiert), den Anpassungsspread (wie in 
§ 3(3)(f) 
definiert) 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen (wie in § 3(3)(d) 
definiert) festzustellen. 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to the Original Benchmark Rate, the 
Calculation Agent may in its reasonable 
discretion determine a New Benchmark 
Rate (as defined in § 3(3)(g)), the 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in 
§ 3(3)(f)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments (as defined in § 3(3)(d)). 
(b) 
Wenn die Berechnungsstelle vor dem 
10. Geschäftstag vor dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
keinen 
Anpassungs-
spread 
und/oder 
keine 
Benchmark-
Änderungen (sofern erforderlich) gemäß 
diesem § 3(3) festgestellt hat, dann 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für die 
nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem letzten, 
unmittelbar vor Eintritt des relevanten 
Stichtags liegenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten Referenzsatz. 
(b) 
If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
has 
not 
determined a New Benchmark Rate, has 
not determined the Adjustment Spread 
and/or 
has 
not 
determined 
any 
Benchmark Amendments (if required) in 
accordance with this § 3(3), then the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable 
to 
the 
immediately following Interest Period 
shall be the Reference Rate determined 
on the last Interest Determination Date 
immediately preceding the relevant 
Effective Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(3)(b) bereits an dem 
ersten Zinsfestsetzungstag vor Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
die 
am 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag beginnt, zur Anwendung 
kommt, entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
If this § 3(3)(b) is to be applied on the 
first Interest Determination Date prior to 
the commencement of the Interest 
Period commencing on the first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
118 
diese Zinsperiode dem Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz angezeigt 
wurde. 
applicable to such Interest Period shall 
be the Original Benchmark Rate on the 
Screen Page on the last day preceding 
such Interest Determination Date on 
which such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(3)(b) be-
stimmte Ausweichsatz (Fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(3) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für die 
nächste 
nachfolgende 
(und, 
sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in ac-
cordance with this § 3(3)(b) is to be 
applied, § 3(3) will be operated again to 
determine the Reference Rate ap-
plicable to the next subsequent (and, if 
required, further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s). 
(c) 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
(i) 
dass 
es 
einen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there is a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be the New 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-Bench-
marksatz aber einen Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue Benchmarksatz. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Benchmark 
Rate 
but 
that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, then 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate 
shall be the New Benchmark 
Rate. 
In beiden Fällen entspricht der Referenz-
satz für die unmittelbar nach dem Stichtag 
beginnende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(3)(j) dann (x) dem Neuen Benchmark-
satz an dem betreffenden Zinsfestset-
zungstag 
zuzüglich 
(y) dem 
Anpassungsspread. 
In either case the Reference Rate for the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing 
immediately after the Effective Date and 
all following Interest Periods, subject to 
§ 3(3)(j), will then be (x) the New 
Benchmark Rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date 
plus 
(y) the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Wenn ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und der 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspread 
gemäß diesem § 3(3) festgestellt werden 
und wenn die Berechnungsstelle nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Pandbriefbedingungen notwendig sind, 
um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung des 
Neuen Benchmarksatzes und des ent-
sprechenden 
Anpassungsspreads 
zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), dann wird 
die Berechnungsstelle die Benchmark-
Änderungen feststellen. 
(d) 
If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(3), and if the Calculation Agent 
determines in its reasonable discretion 
that amendments to these Terms and 
Conditions of the Pfandbriefe are 
necessary to ensure the proper oper-
ation of such New Benchmark Rate and 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments. 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in 
diesen Pfandbriefbedingungen erfassen: 
Such Benchmark Amendments may in-
clude, without limitation, the following 
conditions of these Terms and Condi-
tions of the Pfandbriefe: 
(i) 
die Feststellung des Referenz-
satzes gemäß § 3(2) und diesem 
§ 3(3); und/oder 
(i) 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
Reference Rate in accordance 
with § 3(2) and this § 3(3); and/or 
(ii) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfest-
setzungstag" und/oder "Zinszah-
lungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
(ii) 
the 
definitions 
of 
the terms 
"Business Day", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date"

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
119 
Feststellung, ob der Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend 
vor 
oder 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode oder zurückblickend 
vor 
oder zu 
dem Ende 
der 
betreffenden Zinsperiode bestimmt 
wird); und/oder 
(including 
the 
determination 
whether the Reference Rate will 
be determined in advance on or 
prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period or in 
arrear on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); and/or 
(iii) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß der Definition des Begriffs 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" 
und 
den Zahlungstag gemäß § 5(5). 
(iii) 
the business day convention in 
the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Business Day Convention" and 
the payment date in accordance 
with § 5(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen etc.
(e) 
Notices etc. 
(A) 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, den Anpassungsspread, 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen und den 
betreffenden Stichtag gemäß diesem 
§ 3(3) bzw. den Ausweichsatz gemäß 
§ 3(3)(b) der Emittentin, der Hauptzahl-
stelle und den Zahlstellen mitteilen, und 
zwar sobald eine solche Mitteilung (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach deren 
Feststellung erforderlich ist, spätestens 
jedoch an dem 10. Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent will notify the New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread, any Benchmark Amendments 
and 
the 
relevant 
Effective 
Date 
determined accordance with this § 3(3) 
or the fallback rate in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(b), as the case may be, to the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Paying Agents as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the determination 
thereof, but in any event not later than on 
the 10th Business Day prior to the rele-
vant Interest Determination Date. 
(B) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, den Anpassungsspread 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(3) 
bzw. 
den 
Ausweichsatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(3)(b) 
den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern gemäß § 9 mitteilen, 
und zwar sobald wie möglich nach der 
Mitteilung gemäß Buchstabe (A). Eine 
solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(B) 
The 
Issuer 
will 
notify 
any 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined in 
accordance with this § 3(3) or the 
fallback 
rate 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3(3)(b), as the case may be, to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 9 
as soon as practicable following the 
notice in accordance with clause (A). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Effective Date. 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
der 
Anpassungsspread und etwaige Bench-
mark-Änderungen bzw. der Ausweichsatz 
sowie der betreffende Stichtag, die jeweils 
in der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Hauptzahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger bindend. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments or the fallback rate, as the 
case may be, and the relevant Effective 
Date, each as specified in such notice, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying 
Agents 
and 
the 
Pfandbriefholders. 
(C) 
Die Pfandbriefbedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den Neuen Bench-
marksatz, den Anpassungsspread und die 
etwaigen Benchmark-Änderungen bzw. 
dem Ausweichsatz geändert. 
(C) 
The Terms and Conditions of the 
Pfandbriefe shall be deemed to have 
been amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments or the fallback 
rate, as the case may be, with effect from 
the Effective Date. 
(f) 
Zur Verwendung in diesem § 3(3): 
(f) 
As used in this § 3(3): 
Der "Anpassungsspread", der positiv, negativ 
oder gleich null sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt und bezeichnet entweder (x) den 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be 
positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in 
basis points and means either (x) the spread,

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
120 
Spread oder (y) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur Berechnung des 
Spread, die 
or (y) the result of the operation of the formula 
or methodology for calculating the spread, 
which 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Benchmark-
satzes formell im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von einem Maßgeblichen 
Nominierungsgremium empfohlen wird; 
oder 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark 
Rate, is formally recommended in re-
lation to the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate with the Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
gemäß 
Ziffer (1) abgegeben wurde oder im Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise an den internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten auf den Neuen 
Benchmarksatz angewendet wird, um 
einen industrieweit akzeptierten Ersatz-
Benchmarksatz für den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden; oder 
(2) 
(if no recommendation pursuant to 
clause (1) has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate) is 
customarily 
applied 
to 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate in the international debt 
capital markets to produce an industry-
accepted replacement benchmark rate 
for 
the 
Original Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or 
(3) 
(sofern 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, dass kein 
solcher 
Spread 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird und dass das Folgende 
für die Pfandbriefe angemessen ist) als 
industrieweiter Standard für Over-the-
Counter-Derivatetransaktionen, die sich 
auf den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, anerkannt oder bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
durch den Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden 
ist, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berech-
nungsstelle 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied and that 
the following would be appropriate for 
the 
Pfandbriefe) 
is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, where the 
Original Benchmark Rate has been 
replaced by the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided that all determinations will be 
made by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle einen solchen An-
passungsspread nicht feststellt, dann ist der 
Anpassungsspread gleich null. 
If the Calculation Agent does not determine 
such Adjustment Spread, then the Adjustment 
Spread will be zero. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet eine 
alternative Benchmark oder einen alternativen 
Bildschirmsatz, die bzw. der üblicherweise an 
den internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen (oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an al-
ternative benchmark or an alternative screen 
rate which is customarily applied in the 
international debt capital markets for the 
purpose of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified 
Currency, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be made by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(1) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen von 
oder im Namen der für den Administrator 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorge-
nommen wird, aus der hervorgeht, dass 
dieser Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, 
stating that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
unless 
there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator 
that 
will

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
121 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(2) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder eine 
Veröffentlichung von Informationen von 
oder im Namen des Administrators des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird, aus der hervorgeht, 
dass der Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird, es sei 
denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, 
der 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the 
Original Benchmark Rate administrator 
is made, stating that said administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Benchmark Rate permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
unless 
there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator 
that 
will 
continue 
to 
provide 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(3) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung durch oder im 
Namen 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht 
mehr repräsentativ für den zugrunde 
liegenden Markt, den er zu messen 
vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, und keine von 
der Aufsichtsbehörde des Administrators 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
geforderten Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer solchen Situation ergriffen werden 
oder zu erwarten sind; oder 
(3) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made 
that, in its view, the Original Benchmark 
Rate is no longer, or will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market it 
purports to measure and no action to 
remediate such a situation is taken or 
expected to be taken as required by the 
regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator; or 
(4) 
die Verwendung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund nach einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin anwendbar ist, rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(4) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful 
under any law or regulation applicable to 
the Issuer to use the Original Benchmark 
Rate; or 
(5) 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz ohne 
vorherige offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde oder den 
Administrator 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird[; oder] [.]
(5) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
is 
permanently no longer published without 
a previous official announcement by the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
or 
the 
administrator[; or] [.]
Falls eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung der 
Methodologie 
des Ursprüng-
lichen 
Benchmark-
satzes ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis sein 
soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(6) 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes vorgenommen wird.]
[(6) 
a material change is made to the Original 
Benchmark Rate methodology.]
If a material 
change to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology is 
to be a 
Benchmark 
Event, the 
following 
applies 
"Maßgebliches 
Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in re-
spect of the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(1) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung, auf die 
sich 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
oder 
eine 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
122 
Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht des 
Administrators der Benchmark bzw. des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
or other regulatory supervisor which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
jede 
Arbeitsgruppe 
oder 
jeden 
Ausschuss, die oder der von (I) der 
Zentralbank für die Währung, auf die sich 
die Benchmark oder der Bildschirmsatz 
bezieht, 
(II) einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark bzw. des Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig ist, (III) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
genannten Zentralbanken oder anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(IV) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon gefördert, 
geführt oder mitgeführt wird oder auf 
deren Verlangen gebildet wird. 
(2) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (I) the 
central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark 
or 
screen 
rate 
(as 
applicable) relates, (II) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable), (III) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or (IV) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
des 
Anpassungsspreads und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen gemäß diesem 
§ 3(3) 
(der 
"Stichtag") 
ist 
der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den frü-
hesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The effective date for the application of 
the New Benchmark Rate, the Ad-
justment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(3) (the "Effective Date") will be 
the Interest Determination Date falling 
on or after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
(i) 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes 
eingestellt wird, den Tag, an dem 
der Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird bzw. den Tag, ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ ist oder sein wird, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund von Ziffer (1), (2) bzw. (3) 
der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(i) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses (1), 
(2) or (3) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date 
of cessation of publication of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, the 
date of the discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate or the 
date as from which the Original 
Benchmark Rate is, or will no 
longer be, representative, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
den Tag, ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
nicht 
mehr 
verwendet werden darf, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund von 
Ziffer (4) der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" eingetreten 
ist; oder 
(ii) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause (4) 
of the definition of the term 
"Benchmark Event", the date from 
which the prohibition applies; or 
(iii) 
den 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund der 
Ziffer[n] (5) [oder (6)] der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist 
(iii) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause[s]
(5) [or (6)] of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the date 
of 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark Event. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
formell 
durch 
das 
Maßgebliche Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a suc-
cessor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recom-
mended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
123 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet den je-
weils gemäß diesem § 3(3) bestimmten Nach-
folge-Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-Bench-
marksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor 
Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(3). 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug 
auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz eintritt, 
gilt dieser § 3(3) entsprechend für die 
Ersetzung des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall gilt jede 
Bezugnahme in diesem § 3 auf den 
Begriff "Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
zuletzt 
verwendeten Neuen Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(3) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
replacement of such New Benchmark 
Rate by any new Successor Benchmark 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3 to the term "Original 
Benchmark Rate" shall be deemed to be 
a reference to the New Benchmark Rate 
that last applied. 
(i) 
In diesem § 3 schließt jede Bezugnahme 
auf den Begriff "Ursprünglicher Bench-
marksatz" gegebenenfalls auch eine 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
eine 
etwaige 
Teilkomponente 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes ein, wenn in Bezug auf 
diese Teilkomponente ein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist. 
(i) 
Any reference in this § 3 to the term 
"Original Benchmark Rate" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to any 
component part thereof, if any, in respect 
of which a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
Falls ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
Höchstzinssatz 
gilt, ist Folgen-
des anwendbar 
[(4) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.
[(4) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Inter-
est.
In the case of a 
Minimum 
and/or 
Maximum Rate 
of Interest the 
following 
applies 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für 
diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate 
of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].]] 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than [Maximum 
Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of 
Interest].]] 
[(5)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu 
oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den auf die Pfandbriefe 
zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag je Pfandbrief wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf die Festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste [Unter-
Einheit]36 [Einheit]37 der Festgelegten Währung 
auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
[Unter-Einheiten]36
[Einheiten]37 aufgerundet 
werden. 
[(5)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent 
will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest and 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Pfandbriefe in 
respect of the Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
per Pfandbrief shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction 
(as 
defined 
below) 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination and rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest [sub-unit]38
[unit]39 of the 
Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such [sub-
units]38 [units]39 being rounded upwards. 
36
Nicht für japanische Yen.
37
Nur für japanische Yen.
38 Not for Japanese Yen. 
39 Only for Japanese Yen.

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
124 
[(6)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der jeweilige Zinsbetrag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
und 
der 
betreffende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Emittentin und den Pfandbriefgläubigern gemäß 
§ 9 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am 
vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
[T2-Geschäftstag] 
[[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag] (wie in 
§ 3(2) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode, mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, 
an denen die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind, sowie den Pfandbriefgläubigern 
gemäß § 9 mitgeteilt. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
applicable Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and to the Pfandbriefholders in 
accordance with § 9 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than 
the fourth [T2 Business Day]
[[relevant 
financial centre(s)] Business Day] (as defined 
in § 3(2)) thereafter and, if required by the rules 
of 
any 
stock 
exchange 
on 
which the 
Pfandbriefe are from time to time listed, to such 
stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the 
Pfandbriefe are then listed and to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with § 9. 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Hauptzahlstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger bindend. 
[(7)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, 
any 
Paying 
Agents 
and 
the 
Pfandbriefholders. 
[(8)]
Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Pfandbriefe endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der 
dem 
Tag 
vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
sie 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Pfandbriefe bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, erfolgt 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags der Pfandbriefe vom Tag 
der Fälligkeit bis zum Ablauf des Tages, der dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Pfandbriefe vorausgeht, in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen.40
[(8)] Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe shall 
cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day 
preceding the day on which they are due for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe from the due date 
until the expiry of the day preceding the day of 
the actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe at the 
default rate of interest established by law.41
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die Berechnung dieser Zinsen auf der Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert). 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. If interest is required 
to be calculated for any period of time, such 
interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
"Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf 
die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf einen 
Pfandbrief für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
40
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
bekanntgemachten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 BGB.
41 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 German Civil Code (BGB).

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
125 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
not falling in a leap year divided by 365).]
In the case of 
"Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/365 (Fi-
xed)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Fixed)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/365 (Ster-
ling)" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
oder, im Fall eines Zinszahlungstages, der in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, 366.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366.]
In the case of 
"Actual/365 
(Sterling)" 
Im Fall von "Ac-
tual/360" 
[die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.]
[the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.]
In the case of 
"Actual/360" 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel:
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula:
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 
or Bond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient;
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction;
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der 
erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der 
Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 
29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30.]

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
126 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient;
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction;
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der 
erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der 
Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen 
Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in 
which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, 
in 
den 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a 
number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als 
Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as 
number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
"T1" 
ist 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Zahl, es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in 
welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a 
number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf 
den letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2
gleich 30 ist.] 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a 
number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30.] 
§ 4 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, RÜCKKAUF 
§ 4 
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Pfand-
briefe an dem Zinszahlungstag, der auf oder um 
den 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
fällt 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or around 
[insert date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Hinweis: 
Zur 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
durch 
einen 
Sachwalter nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2c 
PfandBG siehe Hinweis am Ende dieser 
Pfandbriefbedingungen. 
Notice: Please see the notice at the end of 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe regarding the possibility of an 
extension of maturity by a cover pool 
administrator 
under 
§ 30 
paragraph 2a 
through 2c of the Pfandbrief Act. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jeden 
Pfandbrief 
entspricht 
[der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung des Pfandbriefs] [anderer Betrag].
The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of 
each Pfandbrief shall be [its Specified 
Denomination] [other amount]. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ist 
berechtigt 
jederzeit 
Pfandbriefe 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig 
zurückzukaufen. Derartig erworbene Pfand-
(2) Repurchase. The Issuer or any subsidiary 
may repurchase Pfandbriefe in the open

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
127 
briefe können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder 
veräußert werden. 
market or otherwise at any time. Such acquired 
Pfandbriefe may be cancelled, held or resold. 
(3) Keine Vorzeitige Rückzahlung. Die Pfand-
briefgläubiger [falls die Emittentin keine Call-
Option hat: und die Emittentin] sind nicht 
berechtigt, die vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Pfandbriefe zu verlangen. 
(3) No Early Redemption. The Pfandbrief-
holders [if the Issuer has no Call Option: and 
the Issuer] shall not be entitled to require the 
redemption of the Pfandbriefe prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
Falls die 
Emittentin eine 
Call-Option hat, 
§ 4(4) und (5) 
einfügen: 
[(4) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
If the Issuer has 
a Call Option, 
insert § 4(4) and 
(5): 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
die 
ausstehenden Pfandbriefe (insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht nur teilweise) jederzeit durch 
Mitteilung an die Pfandbriefgläubiger 
gemäß § 9 unter Einhaltung einer Frist 
von nicht weniger als [fünf] [andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist]
[und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist]]
[Tagen] [Geschäftstagen] [(wie in §5(5) 
definiert)] mit Wirkung zu jedem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
zu 
kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin ihr Rückzahlungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 
1 
ausübt, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, die Pfandbriefe an dem in der 
Bekanntmachung für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zu 
ihrem 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zu diesem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, at any time on giving not 
less than [five] [other Minimum Notice 
to Pfandbriefholders] [and not more 
than [Maximum Notice to Pfandbrief-
holders]] [days'] [Business Days'] [(as 
defined in §5(5))] prior notice to the 
Pfandbriefholders in accordance with 
§ 9, redeem all, but not only some, of the 
outstanding Pfandbriefe with effect as of 
each Call Redemption Date (as specified 
below). If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Pfandbriefe at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with accrued 
interest to but excluding such Call 
Redemption 
Date 
on 
the 
Call 
Redemption Date fixed for redemption. 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)" be-
zeichnet 
"Call Redemption Date(s)" means 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstage(e) 
(Call) 
einfügen]. 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)]. 
(b) 
Eine solche Kündigung beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Any such notice shall specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Pfandbriefen 
und 
deren 
Wertpapier-Kennnummern; und 
(i) 
the 
series 
and 
securities 
identification 
numbers 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe 
subject 
to 
redemption; and 
(ii) 
den 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call). 
(ii) 
the Call Redemption Date fixed for 
redemption. 
[(5)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Für die 
Zwecke des § 4(4) entspricht der "Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jeden 
Pfandbrief der Festgelegten Stückelung des 
Pfandbriefs. 
[(5)] Early Redemption Amount. For purposes 
of § 4(4) the "Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Pfandbrief shall be its Specified 
Denomination. 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
(1)(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf 
Kapital in Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of Pfandbriefe shall 
be made, subject to § 5(2) below, to the

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
128 
nachstehenden 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
Clearing System or (if applicable) to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe 
von 
§ 5(2) 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem oder (falls anwendbar) 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest 
on Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to 
§ 5(2), to the Clearing System or (if 
applicable) to its order for credit to the 
relevant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen 
auf eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, 
die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2) an das Clearingsystem oder (falls 
anwendbar) dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf 
den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).]
[Payment of interest on Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Temporary Global 
Note shall be made, subject to § 5(2), to 
the Clearing System or (if applicable) to 
its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due 
certification 
as 
provided 
in 
§ 1(3)(b).]
In the case of 
interest payable 
on a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following 
applies 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe in der 
Festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des [im 
Fall von Pfandbriefen, die zunächst durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: § 1(3) und 
des] § 5(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of 
Columbia) 
sowie 
deren 
Territorien 
(einschließlich 
Puerto 
Rico, 
der 
US-
amerikanischen Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(3) United States. For purposes of [in the case 
of Pfandbriefe which are represented by a 
Temporary Global Note the following 
applies: § 1(3) and] § 5(1), "United States" 
means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
(5) Geschäftstage. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf einen Pfandbrief auf einen 
Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann hat der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
keinen 
Anspruch 
auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Geschäftstag. Der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. Für diese Zwecke 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem [sowie Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Zahlungen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten Währung abwickeln]
[.]
[und]
[[sowie] alle betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time 
Gross Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
(5) Business Days. If the due date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is 
not a Business Day, then the Pfandbriefholder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
such day and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Business Day" 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System [as well 
as commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [relevant financial centre(s)] settle 
payments in the Specified Currency] [.] [and]
[[as well as] all relevant parts of the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
129 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen sind, um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]
Eurosystem or any successor system (T2) are 
open to effect payments.]
(6) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Pfandbriefbedingungen auf Kapital der Pfand-
briefe 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Pfandbriefe; 
den 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag; sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Pfand-
briefe zahlbaren Beträge. 
(6) References. References in these Terms 
and Conditions of the Pfandbriefe to principal in 
respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount; the Early Redemption Amount; and 
any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe. 
(7) Unbeschadet der Bestimmungen des § 6 
unterliegen alle Zahlungen in jedem Fall allen 
anwendbaren Steuer- und anderen Gesetzen, 
Verordnungen und Richtlinien und die Emittentin 
ist nicht für irgendwelche Steuern oder Abgaben 
gleich welcher Art verantwortlich, die aufgrund 
solcher gesetzlichen Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
oder Verordnungen auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden. 
Den 
Pfandbriefgläubigern 
werden 
wegen 
solcher 
Zahlungen 
keine 
Kosten 
entstehen. 
(7) All payments are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations 
and directives and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, or 
directives, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of § 6. No commission or expense 
shall be charged to the Pfandbriefholders in 
respect of such payments. 
§ 6 
STEUERN 
§ 6 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Abgaben oder amtlicher Gebühren gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in einer 
Relevanten 
Jurisdiktion 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), in der die Emittentin steuerlich 
ansässig ist, oder für deren bzw. dessen 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
dort jeweils zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde auferlegt, 
erhoben oder eingezogen werden (nachstehend 
zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei 
denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
"Relevante 
Jurisdiktion" bezeichnet den Staat, in der die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist. Sofern die 
Emittentin gesetzlich zu einem solchen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin 
die betreffenden Quellensteuern einbehalten 
oder abziehen, und die einbehaltenen oder 
abgezogenen Beträge an die zuständigen 
Behörden zahlen. Die Emittentin ist nicht 
verpflichtet, wegen eines solchen Einbehalts 
oder Abzugs zusätzliche Beträge an Kapital oder 
Zinsen zu zahlen. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Pfand-
briefe shall be paid without deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes, duties or governmental charges of 
any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or 
collected by or in or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction (as defined below) or by or on 
behalf of any political subdivision or authority in 
any of them having power to tax (hereinafter 
together called "Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by 
law. "Relevant Jurisdiction" means each of 
the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes. If the Issuer is required by law to 
make any such deduction or withholding, the 
Issuer will deduct or withhold such Withholding
Taxes and pay the amounts deducted or 
withheld to the competent authorities. The 
Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts of capital or interest because of such 
deduction or withholding. 
Die Emittentin ist ferner nicht verpflichtet, 
zusätzliche Beträge in Bezug auf einen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Beträgen zu zahlen, 
die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des US-
amerikanischen Internal Revenue Code (in der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung 
oder 
gemäß 
Nachfolgebestimmungen), 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung 
in 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder 
gemäß mit dem US-amerikanischen Internal 
In any event, the Issuer will not have any 
obligation to pay additional amounts deducted 
or withheld by the Issuer, the relevant Paying 
Agent or any other party in relation to any 
withholding or deduction of any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any 
amended or successor provisions), pursuant to 
any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing legislation adopted by another 
jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, 
or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S.

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
130 
Revenue Service geschlossenen Verträgen von 
der Emittentin, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder 
einem anderen Beteiligten abgezogen oder 
einbehalten wurden ("FATCA-Steuerabzug") 
oder Pfandbriefgläubiger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
Withholding"), 
or 
to 
indemnify 
any 
Pfandbriefholder in relation to any FATCA 
Withholding. 
§ 7 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 7 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Pfand-
briefe. 
§ 8 
HAUPTZAHLSTELLE, ZAHLSTELLE UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 8 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING 
AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die 
Hauptzahlstelle, die Berechnungsstelle und 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; 
Specified 
Offices. 
The 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and its specified offices are: 
Hauptzahlstelle: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Calculation Agent: 
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim] [●]
Die Hauptzahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to change 
its specified offices to some other specified 
offices in the same country. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit 
der Hauptzahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und jede 
eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen. Die Emittentin 
behält sich ferner das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung der Hauptzahlstelle, einer Zahlstelle 
oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Hauptzahlstelle, 
andere 
Zahlstelle 
oder 
eine 
andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Hauptzahlstelle 
und eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Pfandbriefgläu-
biger hierüber gemäß § 9 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 
45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment.
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
appoint additional paying agents (together with 
the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent"). The 
Issuer further reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint another 
Principal Paying Agent, another Paying Agent 
or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent 
and a Calculation Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Pfandbrief-
holders in accordance with § 9.

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
131 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Hauptzahlstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Pfandbriefgläubigern und es 
wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen ihnen und den Pfandbriefgläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not 
have 
any 
obligations 
towards 
or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Pfand-
briefholder. 
§ 9 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 9 
NOTICES 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache [sowie in einer führenden Tageszeitung 
mit allgemeiner Verbreitung in [Ort einfügen], 
voraussichtlich 
[Zeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
einfügen]]. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.]
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe will be made in the federal gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) in the German or English 
language [and in a leading daily newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation 
in 
[specify 
location], 
presumably 
in 
the 
[insert 
applicable 
newspaper 
having 
general 
circulation]]. Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the date of the first such publication).]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock exchange 
the following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
an einer Börse 
zugelassen sind 
und falls eine 
Mitteilung 
durch 
elektronische 
Publikation auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse möglich 
ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
erfolgen 
im 
Bundesanzeiger in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache und soweit die Regeln der [betreffende 
Börse 
einfügen] 
dies 
verlangen, 
durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Internetseite 
der 
[betreffende 
Börse 
einfügen]
([Internetadresse einfügen]). Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung 
(oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt.]
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe will be made in the federal gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) in the German or English 
language and to the extent required by the 
rules of the [insert relevant stock exchange]
by means of electronic publication on the 
internet website of the [insert relevant stock 
exchange] ([insert internet address]). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the day of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the first day of 
such publication).]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on a 
stock ex-
change and if 
notices may be 
given by means 
of electronic 
publication on 
the website of 
the relevant 
stock 
exchange, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die zum Handel 
am regulierten 
Markt einer 
Börse 
zugelassen 
werden und 
falls die 
Regularien 
dieser Börse es 
zulassen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Sofern 
die 
Vorschriften 
der 
[betreffende 
Börse 
einfügen] 
es 
zulassen 
und 
sofern 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach vorstehendem § 9(1) 
rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
nach 
vorstehendem § 9(1) durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Pfand-
briefgläubigern mitgeteilt.]
[(2) Notification to Clearing System. If the rules 
of the [insert relevant stock exchange] so 
permit and if a publication set forth in § 9(1) is 
not legally required, the Issuer may, in lieu of 
publication set forth in § 9(1) above, deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the 
Pfandbriefholders on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated 
market of a 
stock ex-
change and in 
which case the 
rules of such 
stock exchange 
allow for this 
way of 
publication, the 
following 
applies 
Im Fall von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die nicht an 
einer Börse 
[Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
an 
die 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
[Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Pfand-
briefe 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System 
for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
In case of 
Pfandbriefe 
which are 
unlisted the

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
132 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
fünften Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Pfandbriefgläubigern 
mitgeteilt.]
Pfandbriefholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given to the 
Pfandbriefholders on the fifth day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]
following 
applies 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF PFANDBRIEFE 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung der Pfandbriefgläubiger weitere 
Tranchen 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tags der Begebung, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des Emissionspreises) in der Weise zu 
begeben, dass sie mit diesen Pfandbriefen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Pfandbriefholders, issue further 
Tranches of Pfandbriefe having the same 
conditions as the Pfandbriefe in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the issue date, Interest 
Commencement Date and/or issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 11 
SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN 
§ 11 
FINAL CLAUSES 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
und 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmen 
sich 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht 
nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Pfandbriefholders and the Issuer, shall be 
governed by German law. 
(2) Erfüllungsort. Erfüllungsort ist Kornwestheim, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(2) Place 
of 
performance. 
Place 
of 
performance 
is 
Kornwestheim, 
Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von weniger 
als EUR 
100.000 gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche aus oder im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(3) Jurisdiction. 
The 
district 
court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic 
of Germany, shall be the non-exclusive court 
of venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of 
or in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
issued with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of less than 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
Im Fall der 
Emission von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit einer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
von 
mindestens 
EUR 100.000 
gilt 
Folgendes: 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist das Landgericht Stuttgart, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(3) Jurisdiction. 
The 
district 
court 
(Landgericht) in Stuttgart, Federal Republic 
of Germany, shall be the exclusive court of 
venue for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of 
or in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
In the case of 
Pfandbriefe 
issued with a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of at least 
EUR 100,000, 
the following 
applies: 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Pfand-
briefgläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Pfandbriefgläubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der 
Depotbank (wie nachstehend definiert) bei, bei 
der er für die Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
(4) Enforcement. Any Pfandbriefholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which 
such Pfandbriefholder and the Issuer are 
parties, protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under such Pfandbriefe on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian 
(as defined below) with whom such Pfandbrief-
holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and 
address of the Pfandbriefholder, (b) specifying 
the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
133 
und die vollständige Adresse des Pfandbrief-
gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und 
(b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Pfand-
briefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Pfand-
briefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem 
solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre [im Fall der 
Emission 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
mit 
einer 
Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000 gilt Folgendes: oder (iii) auf jede 
andere Weise, die im Lande, in dem der 
Rechtsstreit 
durchgeführt 
wird, 
prozessual 
zulässig ist]. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapier-
verwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der / 
dem 
der 
Pfandbriefgläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Pfandbriefe unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the 
Pfandbrief in global form certified as being a 
true copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the global 
note representing the Pfandbriefe [in the case 
of Pfandbriefe issued with a Specified 
Denomination of less than EUR 100,000, the 
following applies: or (iii) any other means of 
proof permitted in legal proceedings in the 
country of enforcement]. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or 
other 
financial 
institution 
of 
recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Pfandbrief-
holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Pfandbriefe and includes the Clearing 
System. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
Falls die 
Pfandbrief-
bedingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
englische 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe are written in the German language 
and provided with an English language 
translation. 
The 
German 
text 
shall 
be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Conditions 
of the 
Pfandbriefe are 
to be in the 
German 
language with 
an English 
language 
translation the 
following 
applies 
Falls die 
Pfandbrief-
bedingungen in 
englischer 
Sprache mit 
einer Überset-
zung in die 
deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst sind, ist 
Folgendes an-
wendbar 
[Diese Pfandbriefbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.]
[These 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe are written in the English language 
and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling 
and binding. The German language translation 
is provided for convenience only.]
If the Terms 
and Conditions 
of the 
Pfandbriefe are 
to be in the 
English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation 
insert 
Hinweis 
zur 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
durch 
einen 
Notice regarding the possibility of an 
extension of maturity by a cover pool

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
134 
Sachwalter nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2c 
PfandBG:
administrator under § 30 paragraph 2a 
through 2c of the Pfandbrief Act:
(1) Rückzahlungsbeträge. 
Falls 
ein 
oder 
mehrere Sachwalter ernannt wird bzw. werden, 
ist ein Sachwalter berechtigt, die Fälligkeiten der 
Tilgungszahlungen zu verschieben, sofern zum 
Zeitpunkt des Hinausschiebens der Fälligkeit die 
folgenden Voraussetzungen unter (a) bis (c) 
gegeben sind; für Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die 
den Zeitraum von einen Monat nach Ernennung 
des Sachwalters nicht überschreiten, wird das 
Vorliegen 
dieser 
Voraussetzungen 
unwiderlegbar vermutet: 
(1) Final Redemption Amounts. In the event 
that one or more cover pool administrators are 
appointed, a cover pool administrator will be 
authorised to extend the maturity of the 
redemption payments if, at the time the maturity 
is extended, the pre-conditions listed in (a) 
through (c) below are met; these pre-conditions 
will irrefutably be deemed to have been met 
with regard to any extension of maturity not 
exceeding the period of one month as from the 
appointment of the cover pool administrator: 
(a) 
Das Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit ist 
erforderlich, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit zu vermeiden; 
(a) 
The maturity extension is necessary to 
prevent the Pfandbriefbank with limited 
business 
activity 
from 
becoming 
insolvent; 
(b) 
die 
Pfandbriefbank 
mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit ist nicht überschuldet; 
und 
(b) 
the Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activity is not over-indebted; and 
(c) 
es besteht Grund zu der Annahme, dass 
die 
Pfandbriefbank 
mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit jedenfalls nach Ablauf 
des 
größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums, 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten, ihre dann 
fälligen Verbindlichkeiten erfüllen kann. 
(c) 
there is reason to believe that the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activity will be able, at the latest after the 
expiry of the longest possible extension 
period 
taking 
into 
account further 
possibilities of maturity extension, to fulfil 
its liabilities that are due at that time. 
Die 
Verschiebungsdauer 
bestimmt 
der 
Sachwalter entsprechend der Erforderlichkeit 
nach 
den vorgenannten Voraussetzungen. 
Insgesamt darf die Verschiebungsdauer einen 
Zeitraum von 12 Monaten nicht überschreiten. 
The cover pool administrator decides on the 
extension period based on necessity in light of 
the pre-conditions set out above. The extension 
period may not, in aggregate, exceed a period 
of 12 months. 
(2) Zinsen. Weiterhin kann der Sachwalter die 
Fälligkeiten der Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb 
eines Monats nach seiner Ernennung fällig 
werden, auf das Ende dieses Monatszeitraums 
verschieben. 
(2) Interest. 
In 
addition 
the 
cover 
pool 
administrator may extend the maturity of 
interest payments that are due within one 
month of the appointment of the cover pool 
administrator to the end of that monthly period. 
(3) Überholverbot. Der Sachwalter darf von 
seiner Befugnis für sämtliche Pfandbriefe einer 
Serie nur einheitlich, jedoch vollständig oder 
anteilig, 
Gebrauch 
machen. 
Macht 
der 
Sachwalter 
von 
der 
Möglichkeit 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung für eine Serie von 
Pfandbriefen Gebrauch, muss er auch die 
Fälligkeiten 
der 
innerhalb 
dieses 
Verschiebungszeitraums 
fällig 
werdenden 
Zahlungen anderer Pfandbriefverbindlichkeiten 
in mindestens dem Verhältnis verschieben, in 
dem die ursprünglich früher fällige Serie von 
Pfandbriefen zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch nicht 
erfüllt ist. 
(3) No alteration of the sequence of payments. 
The cover pool administrator may use the 
authorisation only uniformly, but in whole or in 
part, for all Pfandbriefe of a series. If the cover 
pool administrator opts for an extension of 
maturity 
regarding 
a 
certain 
series 
of 
Pfandbriefe, the administrator must also extend 
the maturities of the payments under any other 
Pfandbrief liabilities that will become due within 
that extension period at least to the extent that 
the liabilities under the series of Pfandbriefe 
originally maturing earlier have not yet been 
fulfilled at that point in time. 
(4) Bedienung 
vor 
Ende 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums. 
Pfandbrief-
verbindlichkeiten, deren Fälligkeit ohne die 
Verschiebung eingetreten wären, bleiben auch 
während der Dauer ihrer Verschiebung mit der 
Maßgabe erfüllbar, dass die Verbindlichkeiten 
einer Emission nur einheitlich, aber vollständig 
(4) Satisfaction prior to the expiry of the 
extension period. Pfandbrief liabilities that 
would have matured also without the extension 
can still be fulfilled during the extension period 
provided that the liabilities of an issue may be 
fulfilled only uniformly, but in whole or in part, 
and at most to the extent that the liabilities

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions Option IV 
135 
oder anteilig, und höchstens in dem Verhältnis 
getilgt werden dürfen, in dem ursprünglich früher 
fällige, 
aber 
noch 
nicht 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlte Serie von Pfandbriefen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt erfüllt sind. 
under series of Pfandbriefe originally maturing 
earlier but not yet fully redeemed have been 
fulfilled at that point in time. 
(5) Verzinsung 
während 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
dann 
noch 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag für die Dauer 
der Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zur 
Verschiebung geltenden Bedingungen verzinst. 
Gleiches 
gilt 
für 
hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen, die hierfür als Kapitalbeträge 
gelten. 
(5) Interest accruing during the extension 
period. Interest will accrue on the Pfandbriefe 
for the duration of the extension period based 
on the outstanding aggregate principal amount 
in accordance with the terms and conditions 
applicable up until the extension. The same 
applies to deferred interest payments, which for 
this purpose will be deemed to constitute 
principal amounts. 
(6) Mitteilungen nach § 30 Absatz 2c PfandBG. 
Der Sachwalter hat jedes Hinausschieben der 
Fälligkeit nach § 30 Absatz 2a bis 2b PfandBG 
unverzüglich 
unter 
Angabe 
des 
Verschiebungsumfangs auf der Internetseite der 
Emittentin bei den nach § 28 PfandBG zu der 
betreffenden Pfandbriefgattung veröffentlichten 
Angaben, in mindestens einem überregionalen 
Börsenpflichtblatt sowie im Bundesanzeiger zu 
veröffentlichen. Dies gilt entsprechend für vor 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Verschiebungszeitraums 
vorgenommene Tilgungszahlungen. 
(6) Notices under § 30 paragraph 2c of the 
Pfandbrief Act. The cover pool administrator 
must publish any extension of maturity under 
§ 30 paragraph 2a through 2b of the Pfandbrief 
Act, stating the period of the maturity extension, 
without undue delay on the website of the 
Issuer in the same place as any information 
regarding the relevant class of Pfandbriefe 
published pursuant to § 28 of the Pfandbrief 
Act, in at least one national official stock 
exchange gazette and in the Federal Gazette. 
This 
applies 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
any 
redemption payments made prior to the expiry 
of the extension period.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market of a member state of the European Economic Area or 
publicly offered in one or more member states of the European Economic Area, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.de). 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
[professional clients and eligible counterparties only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][as follows: client category: professional clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); knowledge and experience: [●]; investment horizon: [●]; 
investment objective: [●]; financial loss bearing capacity: [●]; risk tolerance and compatibility of the 
risk/reward profile of the product with the target market correspond to [●] as summary risk indicator (SRI) 
(calculated on the basis of the PRIIPs methodology)][●]; and (ii) [all channels][the following channels] for 
distribution of the Notes to professional clients and eligible counterparties are appropriate [: [●]]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]42
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat 
– ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich professionelle 
Kunden und geeignete Gegenparteien, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst][folgender ist: Kundenkategorie: professionelle Kunden und geeignete 
Gegenparteien, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); 
Kenntnisse und Erfahrungen: [●]; Anlagehorizont: [●]; Anlageziele: [●]; Finanzielle Verlusttragfähigkeit: 
[●]; Risikotoleranz und Kompatibilität des Risiko-Ertrags-Profils des Produkts mit dem Zielmarkt 
entsprechen [●] als Gesamtrisikoindikator (SRI) (berechnet gemäß der PRIIPs-Methodik)][●]; und (ii) [alle 
Kanäle][die folgenden Kanäle] für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien 
und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind [: [●]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]43
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
[only] [as follows: client category:] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR");
[knowledge and experience: [●]; investment horizon: [●]; investment objective: [●]; financial loss bearing 
capacity: [●]; risk tolerance and compatibility of the risk/reward profile of the product with the target market 
correspond to [●] as summary risk indicator (SRI) (calculated on the basis of the PRIIPs methodology)][●];
and (ii) [all channels] [the following channels] for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate[: [●]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
42 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". 
43
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat 
"Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".

--- Page 137 ---
137 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.][●]44
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat 
– ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen [ausschließlich] [folgender ist:
Kundenkategorie:] geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie 
sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst[; Kenntnisse und Erfahrungen: [●]; Anlagehorizont: [●]; Anlageziele: [●]; Finanzielle 
Verlusttragfähigkeit: [●]; Risikotoleranz und Kompatibilität des Risiko-Ertrags-Profils des Produkts mit 
dem Zielmarkt entsprechen [●] als Gesamtrisikoindikator (SRI) (berechnet gemäß der PRIIPs-Methodik)][●] 
und (ii) [alle Kanäle] [die folgenden Kanäle] für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind[: [●]]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die 
Beurteilung 
des 
Zielmarkts 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; 
jedoch 
ist 
ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.][●]45
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS, ECPS AND RETAIL INVESTORS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is [professional clients, eligible counterparties and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][as follows: client category: professional clients, eligible 
counterparties and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
knowledge and experience: [●]; investment horizon: [●]; investment objective: [●]; financial loss bearing 
capacity: [●]; risk tolerance and compatibility of the risk/reward profile of the product with the target market 
correspond to [●] as summary risk indicator (SRI) (calculated on the basis of the PRIIPs methodology)][●]; 
EITHER46 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR47 [(ii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate: [●]][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]48.]49
44 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK 
MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be 
situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are 
included. 
45
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat 
"Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, 
wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine 
UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II 
Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.
46 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"). 
47
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.
48 If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
49 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market".

--- Page 138 ---
138 
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN, 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN UND KLEINANLEGER – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
[professionelle Kunden, geeignete Gegenparteien und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst][folgender ist: Kundenkategorie: 
professionelle Kunden, geeignete Gegenparteien und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); Kenntnisse und Erfahrungen: [●]; Anlagehorizont: 
[●]; Anlageziele: [●]; Finanzielle Verlusttragfähigkeit: [●]; Risikotoleranz und Kompatibilität des Risiko-
Ertrags-Profils des Produkts mit dem Zielmarkt entsprechen [●] als Gesamtrisikoindikator (SRI) (berechnet 
gemäß 
der 
PRIIPs-Methodik)][●]; 
ENTWEDER50 
[und 
(ii) 
alle 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER51 [und (ii) die folgenden Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind: [●]] [, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche 
negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]52, zu bestimmen.]53
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS, ECPS AND RETAIL INVESTORS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is [as follows: client category:] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK 
MiFIR"), eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; [knowledge and experience: [●]; investment horizon: [●]; 
investment objective: [●]; financial loss bearing capacity: [●]; risk tolerance and compatibility of the 
risk/reward profile of the product with the target market correspond to [●] as summary risk indicator (SRI) 
(calculated on the basis of the PRIIPs methodology)][●]; EITHER54 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]55] OR56 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
50
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind. 
51
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nach Artikel 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.
52
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.
53
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". 
54 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
55 This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) 
where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
56 Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the 
need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]57.][●]58
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN, 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN UND KLEINANLEGER – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen
[folgender ist: Kundenkategorie:] professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
600/2014, welche durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR"), geeignete Gegenparteien 
im Sinne des FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und Kleinanleger, im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; [Kenntnisse und Erfahrungen: [●]; Anlagehorizont: 
[●]; Anlageziele: [●]; Finanzielle Verlusttragfähigkeit: [●]; Risikotoleranz und Kompatibilität des Risiko-
Ertrags-Profils des Produkts mit dem Zielmarkt entsprechen [●] als Gesamtrisikoindikator (SRI) (berechnet 
gemäß 
der 
PRIIPs-Methodik)][●] 
ENTWEDER59 
[und 
(ii) 
alle 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]60] ODER61 [und (ii) die folgenden Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien 
angemessen sind, und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Pflichten 
des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Bitte jegliche 
negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, 
ist 
indes 
dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]62, zu 
bestimmen.]63
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
57 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
58 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The 
legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID 
II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
59
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
60
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex 
sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die 
Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird.
61
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste 
muss gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der 
Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte 
sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit 
nicht zulässig. 
62
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine 
Geeignetheitsprüfung erforderlich.
63
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Platzeure in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure 
kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]64
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in 
ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU in ihrer 
jeweils 
gültigen 
Fassung 
("Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), 
soweit 
dieser 
Kunde 
nicht 
als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter 
Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]65
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 as amended as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation")]. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]66
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IN GB – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der 
Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung ("FSMA") und 
aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 
erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 
8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist[; oder (iii) sie 
ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, welche durch EUWA Teil 
64 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
65
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR" für "Nicht 
anwendbar" erklären.
66 Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". The 
assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be 
sales in the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area 
Prohibition would both be included unless specified as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 141 ---
141 
des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK Prospektverordnung")]. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung 
(EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die 
"UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder 
die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann 
das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger in GB nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]67
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – The 
Notes are (i) prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and (ii) Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Produkteinstufungsmitteilung gemäß Section 309B(1)(c) des 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur, in der jeweils geänderten oder ergänzten Fassung (der 
"SFA") – Bei den Schuldverschreibungen handelt es sich (i) um prescribed capital markets products (wie 
in den Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur definiert) und (ii) 
um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products und der MAS-Bekanntmachung FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products 
definiert).] 
67
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB" für "Nicht 
anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
gibt, es potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im 
Vereinigten Königreich als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht für 
"Nicht anwendbar" erklärt wurden.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
[Date]
[Datum]
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900S1KHKOEQL5CK20 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] [Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)]] 
[die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden]
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●],
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
[●], 
Tranche 
[●]
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
of 
der 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
[Issue Price: 
[●] per cent.] 
[Emissionspreis: 
[●] %] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Begebungstag: 
[●]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These 
Final Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 8 August 2023 [(as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the base 
prospectus dated [●])] (the "Base Prospectus") which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto are available for viewing in electronic 
form on the website of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.com  Investor Relations 
Anleihen  Emissionen der Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG). Full information on the Issuer and the [offer][issue] of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]68
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die 
Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 
2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem 
Basisprospekt vom 08. August 2023 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] [Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom 
[●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu 
lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.com  Investor Relations  Anleihen  Emissionen 
der Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug auf die Emittentin und 
[das Angebot][die Emission] der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt enthalten. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung für die einzelne Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beigefügt.]69
68 Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or the equivalent 
thereof in any other currency. 
69
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes or Pfandbriefe are to be 
determined by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, 
Option II, Option III or Option IV including certain further options contained therein, respectively, 
and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:]
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions")[, and the English 
language translation thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) with fixed interest rates or zero coupon replicate here the 
relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders.]
[In the case of Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant 
provisions of Option II including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders.] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates or zero coupon replicate here the relevant provisions 
of Option III including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]
[In the case of Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option IV 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]]
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring 
to the relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I, Option II, Option III, or 
Option IV including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert:]
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to [zero coupon] [Notes (other than Pfandbriefe)] [Pfandbriefe] with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set 
forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV] (the "Terms and 
Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the [Notes][Pfandbriefe]
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding 
to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] (the Terms 
and Conditions together with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen bzw. Pfandbriefen geltenden 
Optionen durch Wiederholung der betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III, 
oder Option IV aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:]
Die 
für 
die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe]
geltenden 
[Anleihebedingungen][Pfandbriefbedingungen] (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren englischsprachige 
Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen (außer Pfandbriefen) mit fester Verzinsung oder Nullkupon hier die 
betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und 
betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen (außer Pfandbriefen) mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden 
Angaben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen mit fester Verzinsung oder Nullkupon hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option III (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option IV 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen.]]
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III oder Option IV 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf [Nullkupon] [Schuldverschreibungen (außer Pfandbriefe)] [Pfandbriefe] mit [fester] [variabler]
Verzinsung Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV] im 
Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen 
definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet 
werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
. Die Leerstellen in den auf die [Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in 
den 
auf 
die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen 
(die 
Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die "Bedingungen") 
gestrichen.] 
[Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne 
Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten 
kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen Bedingungen.]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, [CERTAIN DEFINITIONS][PFANDBG] 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, [EINZELNE DEFINITIONEN][PFANDBG] 
Specified Currency: 
[●]70
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●]71
Aggregate principal amount: 
[●]72
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]73
Aggregate principal amount in words: 
[●]74
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten: 
[●]75
Specified Denomination: 
[●]76
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]77
Global Note
Globalurkunde 
☐ 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
☐ 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch 
Clearing System(s) 
Clearingsystem(e) 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (CBF)
☐ 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (CBL) / 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels (Euroclear)
☐
Other international clearing system 
[insert 
other 
international 
clearing 
system, 
address]
Anderes internationales Clearingsystem
[anderes internationales Clearingsystem, Adresse 
einfügen]
Form of Global Note
Form der Globalurkunde 
☐ 
New Global Note 
New Global Note 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with CBF 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch CBF 
 
70 The Specified Currency for Jumbo Pfandbriefe is EUR. 
71
Die Emissionswährung für Jumbo Pfandbriefe ist EUR.
72 Insert currency and amount of the Tranche. 
73 Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen. 
74 Insert currency and amount in words of the Tranche. 
75
Währung und Betrag in Worten der Tranche einfügen.
76 The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in 
such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. In case of non-preferred senior and 
subordinated (Tier 2) Notes to be distributed to retail clients, the minimum denomination will be EUR 50,000. 
77 Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro 
begeben, den Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 1.000 
entspricht. Im Fall von nicht-bevorrechtigten nicht-nachrangigen (non-preferred senior) und nachrangigen (Tier 2) 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an Kleinanleger vertrieben werden sollen, beträgt die Mindeststückelung EUR 50.000.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
§ 2 
78STATUS [IN THE LIQUIDATION OR INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER]
§ 2 
79STATUS [IN DER LIQUIDATION ODER DER INSOLVENZ DER EMITTENTIN] 
☐
Preferred senior Notes 
Bevorrechtigte nicht-nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
☐
Non-preferred senior Notes 
Nicht-bevorrechtigte nicht-nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
☐
Subordinated (Tier 2) Notes 
Nachrangige (Tier 2) Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 3 
INTEREST
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
☐
Option I
☐
Fixed Rate Notes
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
☐
Without Step-Up or Step-Down 
Ohne Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
Step-Up or Step-Down 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Interest Rate and Interest Terms: 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
[date]
80[[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including [date]
to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
Zinssätze und Verzinsungszeiträume: 
[●] % per annum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] (ausschließlich) 
81[[●] 
% 
per 
annum 
ab 
dem 
[Datum]
(einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] (ausschließlich)] 
[●] % per annum ab dem [Datum] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Interest Period: 
[annually / semi-annually / quarterly / [other time 
period]] 
78 Only to be completed for an issue of Notes under Option I and II. 
79
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen unter Option I und II.
80 Further periods to be inserted. 
81
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einzufügen.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Zinsperiode: 
[jährlich / halbjährlich / vierteljährlich / [anderer 
Zeitraum]] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] [(first [long] [short] coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] [(erster [langer] [kurzer] Kupon)] 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
☐
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]
☐
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
☐
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
☐
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
☐
Actual/360 
☐
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
☐
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
☐
Zero Coupon Notes
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
Option II 
Floating Rate Notes 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●]
Erster festgelegter Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
☐
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention adjusted 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention (adjustiert)
☐
FRN Convention adjusted 
[insert number] months 
FRN Konvention (adjustiert) 
[Zahl einfügen] Monate
☐
Following Business Day Convention  
adjusted

--- Page 149 ---
149 
folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
(adjustiert)
☐
Preceding Business Day Convention  
adjusted 
vorhergehender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
(adjustiert) 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
☐
Relevant financial centre(s): 
[●]82
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / -zentren: 
[●]83
☐
T2
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
Reference Rate 
Referenzsatz 
☐
Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Marge: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
plus 
zuzüglich 
☐
minus 
abzüglich 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months-EURIBOR 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
☐
Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
Benchmark Event 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
Material change to the Original Benchmark 
Rate methodology is to be a Benchmark 
Event 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Wesentliche Änderung der Methodologie 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes sollt 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis sein
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
[Yes][No]
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
[Ja][Nein]
☐
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
☐
Mindestzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
☐
Höchstzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
82 Only to be completed for an issue if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
83 Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von Schuldverschreibungen, bei welchen die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: 
No event later than the fourth [T2] [relevant 
financial centre(s)] Business Day
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag: 
Keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden [T2] [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient: 
☐
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
☐
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
☐
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
☐
Actual/360 
☐
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
☐
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
☐ 
Option III 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe84 and Zero Coupon 
Pfandbriefe 
Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe85 und Nullkupon-
Pfandbriefe 
☐
Jumbo Pfandbriefe 
Jumbo Pfandbriefe 
☐
Without Step-Up or Step-Down 
Ohne Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
Step-Up or Step-Down 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Interest Rate and Interest Terms: 
[●] per cent. per annum commencing from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding [date]
86[[●] per cent. per annum from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
[●] per cent. per annum from and including [date]
to but excluding the Maturity Date. 
Zinssätze und Verzinsungszeiträume: 
[●] % per annum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] (ausschließlich) 
87[[●] 
% 
per 
annum 
ab 
dem 
[Datum]
(einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] (ausschließlich)] 
[●] % per annum ab dem [Datum] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]
84 In the case of Jumbo Pfandbriefe, interest is payable annually in arrear. 
85
Bei Jumbo Pfandbriefen sind die Zinsen jährlich nachträglich zahlbar.
86 Further periods to be inserted. 
87
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einzufügen.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Interest Period: 
[annually / semi-annually / quarterly / [other time 
period]] 
Zinsperiode: 
[jährlich / halbjährlich / vierteljährlich / [anderer 
Zeitraum]] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●][(first [long] [short] coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●][(erster [langer] [kurzer] Kupon)] 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
☐
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]
☐
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
☐
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
☐
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
☐
Actual/360 
☐
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
☐
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
☐
Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe
Nullkupon-Pfandbriefe 
☐ 
Option IV 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●]
Erster festgelegter Zinszahlungstag:
[●]
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
☐
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention adjusted 
Modifizierte folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention (adjustiert)
☐
FRN Pfandbriefe Convention adjusted 
[insert number] months

--- Page 152 ---
152 
FRN Pfandbriefe Konvention (adjustiert) 
[Zahl einfügen] Monate
☐
Following Business Day Convention 
adjusted 
folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention  
(adjustiert)
☐
Preceding Business Day Convention 
adjusted 
vorhergehender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
(adjustiert) 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
☐
Relevant financial centre(s): 
[●]88
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / -zentren: 
[●]89
☐
T2
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
Reference Rate 
Referenzsatz 
☐
Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum
Marge: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
plus 
zuzüglich 
☐
minus 
abzüglich 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months-EURIBOR 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
☐
Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
Benchmark Event 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
Material change to the Original Benchmark 
Rate methodology is to be a Benchmark 
Event 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Wesentliche Änderung der Methodologie 
des Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes sollt 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis sein 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
[Yes][No]
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
[Ja][Nein]
☐
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
88 Only to be completed for an issue if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
89 Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von Pfandbriefen, bei welchen die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
☐
Mindestzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
☐
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
☐
Höchstzinssatz: 
[●] % per annum 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: 
No event later than the fourth [T2 Business Day] 
[[relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day] 
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag: 
Keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden [T2-Geschäftstag]
[[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag] 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient: 
☐
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
☐
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
☐
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
☐
Actual/360 
☐
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
☐
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
§ 4 
REDEMPTION, REPURCHASE 
§ 4 
RÜCKZAHLUNG, RÜCKKAUF 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Specified Denomination] [●]
Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[Festgelegte Stückelung] [●]
Early redemption at the Option of the Issuer:90
[Yes][No]
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin:91
[Ja][Nein]
Notice:
Not less than [five] [other Minimum Notice to 
Noteholders][Pfandbriefholders]] and not more 
than 
[Maximum 
Notice 
to 
Noteholders][Pfandbriefholders]]
[days']
[Business Days'] [(as defined in §5(5))] prior notice 
to the [Noteholders][Pfandbriefholders] 
Mitteilung: 
Mitteilung an die [Gläubiger][Pfandbriefgläubiger]
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von nicht weniger als 
[fünf] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist]
[Tagen]
[Geschäftstagen] [(wie in §5(5) definiert)] 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[●] 
Early Redemption Amount92
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag93
Reference Price ("RP"): 
[●] 
90 Not applicable to Jumbo Pfandbriefe. 
91 Nicht anwendbar bei Jumbo Pfandbriefen. 
92 Only applicable for an issue of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
93 Nur für Emissionen von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen oder Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen anwendbar.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Referenzkurs ("RK"): 
[●] 
Amortization Yield ("AY"): 
[●] 
Emissionsrendite ("ER"): 
[●] 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes: 
[●] 
Tag der Begebung der ersten Tranche der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
[●] 
Other day count fraction "y": 
[No][specify] 
Anderer Zinstagekoeffizient "y": 
[Nein][einfügen] 
§ 5 
PAYMENTS 
§ 5 
ZAHLUNGEN 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
☐
Relevant financial centre(s):
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum /-zentren: 
☐
T2
§ 8 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT[,][AND] PAYING AGENT [AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
§ 8 
HAUPTZAHLSTELLE[,][UND] ZAHLSTELLE [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]
[Principal Paying Agent:][Calculation Agent:]
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft] [●] 
[Hauptzahlstelle:][Berechnungsstelle:]
[Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft] [●] 
§ 9 
NOTICES 
§ 9 
MITTEILUNGEN 
☐
Newspaper: 
[specify location of leading daily newspaper] [insert 
applicable newspaper having general circulation] 
Tageszeitung:
[Ort einer führenden Tageszeitung einfügen] 
[Zeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung einfügen] 
☐
Website of the relevant stock exchange: 
[insert relevant stock exchange] [insert internet 
address of the relevant stock exchange] 
Website der betreffenden Börse: 
[betreffende Börse einfügen] [Internetadresse der 
betreffenden Börse einfügen] 
☐
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem 
§ 11
94AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, NOTEHOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE
§ 11 
95ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
Noteholders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions 
[Yes, [insert Noteholders' Representative]][No]
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
wird 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen bestellt
[Ja, [Gemeinsamen Vertreter einfügen]][Nein] 
94 Not applicable in the case of Pfandbriefe. 
95
Nicht anwendbar im Fall von Pfandbriefen.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
§ [12][13] 
LANGUAGE96
§ [12][13] 
SPRACHE97
☐ 
German and English, German controlling and 
binding 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch maßgeblich und 
bindend 
☐ 
German and English, English controlling and binding 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Englisch maßgeblich und 
bindend 
96 To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
97 In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION98
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN99
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Baden-Wuerttemberg 
Stock Exchange Stuttgart (Primary Market) 
Regulierter Markt der Baden-Württembergische 
Wertpapierbörse Börse Stuttgart 
☐ 
Other Stock exchange(s): 
[give details]
Andere Wertpapierbörse(n): 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Date of admission: 
[insert date]
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums]
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission 
to trading:100
[give details]
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel:101
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes 
to be offered or admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading:102
[give details]
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen 
nach 
Kenntnis 
der 
Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen 
der 
gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind:103
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment:104
[not applicable][give details]
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel 
tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung:105
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten]
☐
Not admitted to trading 
98 There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or the equivalent thereof in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
99 Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindesten EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
100 Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
101 Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
102 Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
103 Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.
104 Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
105 Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued are expected to be rated 
as follows106
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden voraussichtlich 
wie folgt geratet107
☐
Moody's: 
[●] 
☐
S&P: 
[●] 
☐
[Other]108: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes will not be rated.
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden nicht geratet.
Conflict of interest that is material to the issue/offer
Interessenskonflikte, die für die Emission/das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind
☐
[So far as the Issuer is aware, there is no conflict of interest that is material to the issue/offer [.][, except that 
certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector 
in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operates, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive 
customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also 
have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and 
its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities.]
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, gibt es keine Interessenskonflikte, die für die Emission/das Angebot von 
wesentlicher Bedeutung sind[.] [außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen verbundene Unternehmen 
Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. Außerdem 
sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen 
mit der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, und könnten im gewöhnlichen 
Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen, die direkt 
oder indirekt in dem Sektor tätig sind, in dem die Emittentin und/oder ihre verbundenen Unternehmen tätig sind, 
und für die diese Platzeure übliche Gebühren, Provisionen, Auslagenerstattungen und Entschädigungen 
erhalten haben oder erhalten können. Bestimmte Platzeure können auch Positionen in den unter dem Programm 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, den damit verbundenen Derivaten und Referenzschuldverschreibungen 
halten, mit ihnen handeln oder Märkte dafür schaffen, einschließlich (aber nicht beschränkt auf) das Eingehen 
von Absicherungsstrategien im Namen der Emittentin und ihrer verbundenen Unternehmen, von Anlegerkunden 
oder als Auftraggeber, um ihr Engagement, ihr allgemeines Marktrisiko oder andere Handelsaktivitäten zu 
steuern. Sie haben für diese Transaktionen übliche Gebühren und Provisionen erhalten oder können dies auch 
in Zukunft tun.]
☐ 
Other interest (specify):
[specify details]
Andere Interessen (angeben):
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
106 Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating agency. 
107 Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht. 
108 Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse 
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:
[The net proceeds from this issuance of Notes will be 
used for general corporate purposes of the Issuer.] [If 
applicable, insert and adjust/complete: The Issuer 
intends to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from this issuance of the Notes for Eligible Green Assets 
in accordance with the W&W Group's Green Bond 
Framework. The Eligibility Criteria which will be used to 
determine how the proceeds are allocated for sustainable 
purposes is described in the section "Green Bond 
Framework" in the Base Prospectus.] 
[specify details]
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das 
Angebot: 
[Der 
Nettoerlös 
aus 
dieser 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
für 
allgemeine 
Unternehmenszwecke der Emittentin eingesetzt.] [Falls 
einschlägig, 
einfügen 
und 
anpassen 
bzw. 
vervollständigen: Die Emittentin beabsichtigt einen 
Betrag, der dem Nettoerlös aus dieser Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, für Geeignete Grüne 
Vermögenswerte (Eligible Green Assets) gemäß dem 
"Green Bond Framework" der W&W Gruppe zu 
verwenden. Die Zulassungskriterien (Eligibility Criteria), 
anhand derer bestimmt wird, wie die Erlöse für 
nachhaltige Zwecke verwendet werden, sind im Abschnitt 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework" 
im 
Basisprospekt 
beschrieben.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]
Estimated net proceeds:109
[●] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:110
[●] 
Estimated total expenses of the issue:111
[●] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:112
[●] 
Yield
Rendite
Yield:113
[●] 
Rendite:114
[●] 
Historic Interest Rates
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit 
109 If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. Not to be split 
up in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
110 Sofern der Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und 
nach der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
111 Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. If proceeds are intended for more than one 
principal use, the total expenses will need to split up accordingly and present according to the priority of the use. 
112 Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. Sofern der 
Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend 
aufzuschlüsseln und entsprechend der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
113 Not required in the case of Floating Rate Notes. 
114 Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the further 
performance as well as their volatility can be 
obtained by electronic means fee required from:115
Reuters EURIBOR01 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen 
sowie ihre Volatilität können auf elektronischem 
Wege kostenpflichtig abgerufen werden unter:116
Reuters EURIBOR01 
Dealer of the Notes:117
[Insert the identity and contact details of the Dealer of the 
Notes, including the legal entity identifier (LEI) where the 
offeror has legal personality.]
Anbieter der Schuldverschreibungen: 
[Angabe der Identität und der Kontaktdaten des Dealers 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einschließlich 
der 
Rechtsträgerkennung 
(LEI), 
falls 
der 
Dealer 
Rechtspersönlichkeit hat einfügen.]118
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:119
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR:120
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar]
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:121
[Applicable][Not applicable]
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger in GB:122
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name]
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens]
Method of Placement123
Art der Platzierung124
☐ 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of 
the global offer and of single parts of the offer 
and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
Dealer, or the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[give details]
115 Only required in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
116 Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000.
117 Only required in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 and if the Dealer of the Notes 
is different from the Issuer. 
118 Nur erforderlich im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 und 
falls der Anbieter nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist. 
119 If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
120 Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" 
Produkte und es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" 
ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist 
"Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
121 If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
122 Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" 
Produkte und es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.
123 Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
124 Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von 
mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der 
Koordinatoren des gesamten Angebots sowie 
einzelner Angebotsteile und - sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – 
Name und Anschrift derjenigen, die das 
Angebot in den verschiedenen Ländern 
platzieren: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
If syndicated, names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments of Lead 
Manager(s) and Manager(s): 
[give details]125
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und 
Übernahmeverpflichtungen des oder der 
Lead Manager(s) und der Manager: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]126
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[insert date]
Datum des Übernahmevertrags: 
[Datum angeben]
☐
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[give name]
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des 
Dealers: 
[Angabe des Namens]
The various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
[give details] 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der 
potentiellen Investoren, denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
If the offer is being made simultaneously in 
the markets of two or more countries and if a 
tranche has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate such tranche: 
[Not applicable][give details]
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den 
Märkten zwei oder mehrerer Länder und 
wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen 
dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser 
Tranche: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not applicable][give details]
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern 
zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor dem 
Meldeverfahren möglich ist: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten]
125 Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers. 
126 Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und 
Einzelheiten über Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese nicht mit den Managern identisch sind.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Dealer's commission:127
[●]
Provision der Dealer:128
[●] 
Security Codes 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
WKN: 
[●] 
[CFI:]
[●] 
[FISN:]
[●] 
[Any other security number:]
[●] 
[Sonstige Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer:]
[●] 
Eurosystem eligibility (New Global Notes)
EZB-Fähigkeit (New Global Notes) 
New Global Note 
[Yes] [No]
New Global Note 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[[Yes] [No]]129 [Not applicable (the Notes are not issued 
in New Global Note form)]130
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[[Ja]
[Nein]]131
[Nicht 
anwendbar 
(die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden nicht in Form einer New 
Global Note ausgegeben)]132
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]133
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der 
taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung oder zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der 
127 Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
128 Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.
129 Only applicable if Notes are issued in New Global Note form. 
130 Include in the case of Notes not issued in New Global Note form. 
131 Nur anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die in New Global Note Form begeben werden. 
132 Einfügen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nicht in Form einer New Global Note ausgegeben werden.
133 Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
EZB abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien 
erfüllt werden.]134
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]135
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart 
ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein 
werden diese einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können dann bei einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt (und auf den Namen eines 
Nominees von einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu beachten, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des 
Eurosystems zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]136
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public137
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots138
Expected Price at which the Notes will be 
offered:139
[insert percentage rate] per cent. 
Preis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden:140
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details]
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of 
the offer: 
[give details]
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe 
nicht feststeht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
134 Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
135 Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
136 Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.
137 Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
138 Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
139 Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known. 
140 Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
und des Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des 
endgültigen Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum: 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description 
of the application process: 
[give details] [The Issuer reserves the right for any 
reason to shorten or extend the offer period. [Method of 
notification]]
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
während der das Angebot vorliegt und 
Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] [Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, den Zeichnungszeitraum, gleich aus 
welchem Grund, zu verkürzen oder zu verlängern. [Art 
der Bekanntmachung]]
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions 
and manner of refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[give details]
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der 
Rückerstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrages an 
die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[give details]
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag 
der Zeichnung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[give details]
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der 
Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Manner and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[give details]
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem 
die Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[give details]
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Übertragbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung von nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechten: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber/purchaser: 
[Not applicable][give details]
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in 
Rechnung gestellt werden: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten]
Public Offer and information to be provided 
regarding the consent by the Issuer: 
[Not applicable]
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu 
stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der 
Emittentin: 
[Nicht anwendbar]
Final placement of the Notes in the following 
jurisdictions: 
[Germany] [and] [●]
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen 
in den folgenden Jurisdiktionen: 
[Deutschland] [und] [●]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or 
final placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or 
further financial intermediaries can be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify offer period] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere 
Weiterveräußerung oder endgültige Platzierung 
von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder weitere 
Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist 
einfügen]
[Statement on benchmarks in accordance with Article 29 (2) of the Benchmarks Regulation: 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to [specify benchmark(s) within the meaning of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] which [is][are] provided by [insert administrator legal name(s)]. As at the date of these 
Final Terms, [[insert administrator legal name(s) of the benchmark(s)] appear[s]] [[insert administrator legal 
name(s) of the benchmark(s)] do[es] not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 [(the "Benchmarks Regulation")]. 
[Insert in case the relevant administrator is not on the ESMA register: As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert 
benchmark(s)] [does][do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation][and][the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [insert 
administrator legal name(s)] [is][are] not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]
Erklärung gemäß Artikel 29 Abs. 2 der Benchmark-Verordnung: 
Die im Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge werden unter Bezugnahme auf [spezifische(n) 
Referenzwert(e) im Sinne der Benchmark-Verordnung einfügen] berechnet, welche[r] von [Administrator(en) 
des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen] bereitgestellt [wird][werden]. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
[erscheint][erscheinen]
[Administrator(en) des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen]
[nicht] im Register der 
Administratoren und Referenzwerte, welches von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. 
Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der 
Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 
2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 [(die "Benchmark-Verordnung")] erstellt und geführt wird. 
[Im Fall, dass der/die entsprechende(n) Administrator(en) nicht im ESMA-Register geführt wird/werden einfügen: 
Soweit der Emittentin bekannt, [[unterliegt][unterliegen][spezifische(n) Referenzwert(e) einfügen] gemäß Artikel 2 
der 
Benchmark 
Verordnung 
nicht 
dem 
Anwendungsbereich 
dieser 
Verordnung][und][finden 
die 
Übergangsbestimmungen in Artikel 51 der Benchmark-Verordnung Anwendung], sodass die Erlangung einer 
Zulassung oder Registrierung (oder, bei einem Sitz außerhalb der Europäischen Union, Anerkennung, Billigung 
oder Gleichstellung) durch [Administrator(en) des/der Referenzwert(e) einfügen] derzeit nicht erforderlich ist.]]
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].]
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – 
soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen 
ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend 
oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
WÜSTENROT BAUSPARKASSE AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 the independent auditor was Ernst & 
Young GmbH, Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("EY"), Stuttgart, Flughafenstraße 61, 70629 Stuttgart, Federal 
Republic of Germany. They have audited the annual financial statement of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and have issued an unqualified auditor's report. EY is a member of the 
German chamber of certified public accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
The Issuer acts under its legal name Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft and under its commercial name 
Wüstenrot. 
It is registered in the commercial register (Handelsregister) of Stuttgart under No. HRB 205323. 
The Issuer was founded in 1921 and is based in Kornwestheim, Germany. 
According to the § 2 of the Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is (i) the operation of a home savings 
bank (Bausparkasse), including the issuance of Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), and (ii) the 
establishment, acquisition and disposal of companies and participations as well as the acquisition and disposal of 
assets, in each case in its own name and for its own account. 
The Issuer is incorporated as a public stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft is 100% owned by Wüstenrot & Württembergische AG ("W&W AG"), 
which is the parent company of Wüstenrot & Württembergische Group ("W&W Group"), a financial conglomerate 
(Finanzkonglomerat) as defined in sec. 1 German Supervision of Financial Conglomerates Act 
(Finanzkonglomerate-Aufsichtsgesetz - "FKAG"). W&W AG is the superior company in the financial conglomerate. 
The head office of the Issuer is located at W&W-Platz 1, 70806 Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany. Its 
telephone number is +49 7141 16-0. 
The website of the Issuer's parent company is www.ww-ag.de. The information on this website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 529900S1KHKOEQL5CK20. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is a unit entity of the tax group of W&W AG. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The principal activity of the Issuer is the operation of a home savings bank (Bausparkasse) within the meaning of 
sec. 1 (1) German Bausparkassen Act (Bausparkassengesetz - "BauSparkG"). The Issuer's business relating to 
Pfandbriefe is limited to Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe). 
The Issuer does business in the German market with a near-exclusive focus on Retail Business. Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft offers products to private customers regarding residential property financing, 
saving products and overnight money. The majority of the Issuer's customers are resident in Germany. Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft is represented here with major offices in Kornwestheim, Aachen and Bad Vilbel. 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft also has a Luxembourg branch office. 
The Issuer's Retail Business is marketed by (approximately) 6,000 sales representatives working for W&W Group. 
In this regard, the focus is on the exclusive distribution by the Issuer with its (approximately) 3,000 sales 
representatives. Such exclusive distribution is supported by approximately 3,000 consultants of Württembergische 
Versicherung AG and cooperation partners in the banking and insurance sector. There are exclusive distribution 
agreements with the major cooperation partners. In addition, the Issuer has entered into agreements with other 
financial services providers, financial products distributors, broker pools, individual brokers and other partners.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
The Issuer refinances itself by means of Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), bearer notes, building 
saving deposits and other private customer deposits (mainly overnight money) and loans from other financial 
institutions or institutional investors. 
Sustainability 
Responsible conduct and social commitment have a long tradition in the W&W Group. In order to sharpen and 
further advance the topic of sustainability, a group-wide sustainability strategy was developed for the first time in 
2021, which is in line with the business strategy of all companies in the W&W Group. 
The sustainability strategy of the W&W Group comprises six specific fields of action: customers and products, own 
operations, investments and refinancing, employees, society and organisation. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft is 100% owned by W&W AG, which is the parent company of 
W&W Group, a financial conglomerate (Finanzkonglomerat) as in sec. 1 FKAG. Wüstenrot & Württembergische 
AG is the superior company in the financial conglomerate. The product range of W&W Group comprises Banking 
and Building and Loan Association Business, Asset Management and Insurance Business. 
The non-profit Wüstenrot Stiftung Gemeinschaft der Freunde Deutscher Eigenheimverein e.V. ("Wüstenrot 
Stiftung") holds its indirect stake in W&W AG of 67.28% in two holding companies. Wüstenrot Holding AG holds 
39.91% and WS Holding AG holds 27.37% of the shares, based on the total number of shares issued. Both holding 
companies are solely owned by Wüstenrot Stiftung. 
Dependency of the Issuer within the W&W Group 
W&W AG holds 100 per cent of the shares in the Issuer. As set out above, Wüstenrot Stiftung holds an indirect 
stake in W&W AG of 67.28%. In accordance with Section 17 paragraph 2 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz), it is assumed that a majority-owned enterprise is dependent on the company holding the majority 
interest. 
TREND INFORMATION
The Issuer expects the operating environment for the German banking sector to remain extremely difficult 
throughout the forecast period 2023. Economic forecasts are subject to a very high degree of uncertainty due to 
the further course of the Russia-Ukraine war. 
There are numerous risk factors that could affect the 2023 result to a considerable, though not reliably quantifiable 
extent, should events take an unfavourable turn. These include exceptionally high global economic risks. 
Geopolitical risks, which are already impacting the existing inflationary trends through the massive increase in raw 
material prices, also have the potential to weaken the expected economic recovery and thus may have a significant 
negative impact on the Issuer's core business development, the mortgage lending business in Germany. 
Depending on the duration and further development of the Russia-Ukraine war, may lead to an indirect deterioration 
in the net assets, financial position, results of operations, and risk situation of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG. 
Indirect effects on the risk situation of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG may result in particular from negative economic 
developments in Europe, but especially in Germany, due to a sharp decline in real estate prices and increased 
capital market risks. Capital market risks may include, in particular, a sharp increase in capital market volatility, but 
also interest rate, equity, credit spread, counterparty and inflation risks. 
No material adverse change in the prospects 
Except for the aforesaid, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022. 
Significant change in the financial performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Significant change in the financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The corporate bodies of the Issuer are: 
(i) 
the Board of Directors (Vorstand); 
(ii) 
the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat); and 
(iii) 
the General Meeting of Shareholders (Hauptversammlung). 
The Board of Directors 
According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors consists of at least two members. Besides this 
minimum requirement, the Supervisory Board determines the number of the members of the Board of Directors 
and appoints the members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors represents the Issuer and is 
responsible for its management. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, members of the Board of Directors are: 
Name and 
Position
Functions and Other Mandates 
Bernd Hertweck 
Functions 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Sales 
Human Resources 
Treasury 
Other Mandates 
none 
Matthias Bogk 
Functions 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Home Loan and Savings Mathematics 
Enforcement 
Risk management / Credit risk management 
Credit risk monitoring 
Controlling 
Quality management and regulation incl. back office vote for proprietary trading 
Risk-relevant lending business 
Finance 
Audit 
Revision 
Compliance 
Other Mandates 
none 
Falko Schöning 
Functions
Member of the Board of Directors 
Non-risk-relevant lending business 
Portfolio, Project, Process and IT Management 
Digital Processes 
Other Mandates 
none 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is W&W-Platz 1, 70806 Kornwestheim, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
The Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board consists of twelve members.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
The members of the Supervisory Board are: 
Name and Position 
Other Mandates 
Jürgen A. Junker 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of  
Wüstenrot & Württembergische AG, Kornwestheim 
Chairman of the Supervisory Boards of 
Württembergische Lebensversicherung AG, 
Kornwestheim; 
Württembergische Versicherung AG, Kornwestheim 
Christoph Seeger 
Chairman of the Works Council of Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse AG 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Wüstenrot & 
Württembergische AG, Kornwestheim 
DHV – Die Berufsgewerkschaft e.V., Hamburg 
Dr. Thomas Altenhain 
Management consultant 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Syntellix AG, 
Hannover 
Mario Cariboni 
Head of Accounting (Rechnungswesen) of Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse AG 
Dr. Frank Ellenbürger 
Auditor and tax consultant  
Member of the Supervisory Board of Wüstenrot & 
Württembergische AG, Kornwestheim 
Georg Englert 
Lawyer, GRUB Rechtsanwälte und Notare 
Prof. Dr. Silvia Föhr 
Professor of Human Resource Management at the 
University of Leipzig 
Petra Knodt 
Employee of Bausparkasse 
Chairman of the Works Council of Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse AG, Bad Vilbel 
Hans Peter Lang 
Management consultant 
Substitute Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Württembergische 
Lebensversicherung 
AG, 
Kornwestheim 
Member of the Supervisory Board of 
Württembergische Versicherung AG, Kornwestheim 
Christian Miska 
Federal Section Head (Bundesfachgruppenleiter) 
Sparkassen und Bundesbank 
ver.di - Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, Berlin 
Andreas Rothbauer 
Chairman of the General Works Council of Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse AG, Kornwestheim 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Wüstenrot & 
Württembergische AG, Kornwestheim

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Susanne Ulshöfer 
Substitute Chairwoman of the Works Council of 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG, Kornwestheim 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Wüstenrot & 
Württembergische AG, Kornwestheim 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is W&W-Platz 1, 70806 Kornwestheim, Federal 
Republic of Germany.
General Meeting of Shareholders 
The General Meeting of Shareholders, which is called by the Board of Directors or, as provided by law, by the 
Supervisory Board, is held at the registered office of the Issuer or at the seat of a stock exchange within the territory 
of the Federal Republic of Germany. An ordinary shareholder meeting takes place within the first eight months of 
every financial year of the Issuer. Each common bearer share gives entitlement to one vote. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between members of the administrative, management and supervisory 
bodies in relation to their obligations to the Issuer and their private interests or other obligations. Regarding the 
issue of Notes a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, will be indicated in the Final Terms. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer's current sole shareholder is W&W AG (100%). Since Wüstenrot Stiftung holds an indirect stake in 
W&W AG of 67.28% in two holding companies, it is also an indirect shareholder of the Issuer. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the registered share capital of the Issuer amounts to EUR 171 million and 
is divided into 73,585,341 no-par-value shares. The registered share capital is fully paid up. Each share in the 
Issuer carries an equal share in the registered share capital and is entitled to one vote at the Annual General 
Meeting.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The Issuer's Annual Reports for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, each prepared in 
accordance with the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) and each including the annual 
financial statements (comprising balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement, statement of changes in 
equity and notes to the annual financial statements) and, in each case, the independent auditor's reports thereon, 
are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and are available and may be obtained from Wüstenrot 
Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft, W&W-Platz 1, 70806 Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany. 
The above mentioned reports are also available on the website of the Issuer's parent company www.ww-ag.de. 
Financial statements 
The following sets out in summary form the balance sheet of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft pursuant 
to the German Commercial Code, which has been extracted from the audited individual annual financial statements 
of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022. The Issuer is not under an obligation to produce consolidated financial statements. 
Assets in Mio € 
2022 
2021 
Liabilities in Mio € 
2022 
2021 
Cash reserve 
Loans and advances 
to banks 
Loans and advances 
to customers 
Bonds and other 
fixed-income 
securities 
Shares and other 
non-fixed-income 
securities 
Other assets 
116 
2,497 
24,911 
3,079 
0 
108 
72 
2,072 
23,235 
3,498 
739 
89 
Liabilities to banks 
Liabilities to customers 
Certificated liabilities 
Equity 
Other liabilities 
2,302 
23,518 
2,144 
874 
1,873 
2,066 
23,020 
1,752 
861 
2,006 
Total assets 
30,711 
29,705 
Total liabilities 
30,711 
29,705 
The following sets out in summary form significant parts of the income statement of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft pursuant to the German Commercial Code, which has been extracted from the audited individual 
annual financial statements of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
In Mio €
2022
2021
Net Interest Income1
Net Commission Income 
General administrative expenses 
a.) Personnel expenses 
b.) Other administrative expenses 
Balance of other operating revenue/expenses2 
Risk Provisioning3 
Transfers to the fund for general banking risks 
Extraordinary result 
Annual profit 
410.0 
-61.9 
-362.7 
-136.2 
-226.5 
152.2 
-51.1 
-59.0 
8.0 
32.6 
354.8 
-47.5 
-355.6 
-126.1 
-229.5 
39.6 
79.6 
-22.0 
1.8 
30.3 
1 Including current income from shares and other non-fixed-income securities. 
2 Calculated by substracting other operating expenses (Sonstige betriebliche Aufwendungen) from other operating revenue 
(Sonstige betriebliche Erträge).

--- Page 171 ---
171 
3 Consisting of amortisation and write-downs of receivables, specific securities and additions to loan loss provisions, as well 
as income from write-ups on receivables and specific securities, reversals of loan loss provisions, income from equity 
investments, interest in affiliated companies and securities held as fixed assets. 
Auditing of Historical Financial Information 
The auditors of the Issuer have audited the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and have issued an unqualified auditor's report 
(uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) in each case. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened), during a period covering the previous 12 months which may have or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the 
Issuer's solvency. 
RATING
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following ratings - only in relation to the Issuer - are available: 
Standard & Poor's
Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
AAA 
Long-Term Issuer 
A- 
Outlook 
Stable 
Short Term Issuer 
A-1 
Subordinated Debt 
BBB 
The ratings above have been obtained from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Standard & Poor's). 
Standard & Poor's is a credit rating agency established in the European Community and registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (Credit Rating Agencies Regulation). 
Standard & Poor's Global Rating Definitions dated 9 June 2023: 
a) 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
AAA 
An obligation rated 'AAA' has the highest rating assigned by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings. The 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
b) 
Long Term Issuer (Emittentenrating) 
AAA 
An obligor rated 'AAA' has extremely strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. 'AAA' is the 
highest issuer credit rating assigned by S&P Global Ratings. 
AA 
An obligor rated 'AA' has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It differs from the 
highest-rated obligors only to a small degree. 
A 
An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligors in higher-rated categories. 
BBB 
An obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of 
the obligor to meet its financial commitments.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
c) 
Short Term Issuer (Kurzfristrating) 
A-1 
An obligor rated 'A-1' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest 
category by S&P Global Ratings. Within this category, certain obligors are designated with a plus 
sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments is extremely 
strong. 
A-2 
An obligor rated 'A-2' has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is 
somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligors in the highest rating category. 
A-3 
An obligor rated 'A-3' has adequate capacity to meet its financial obligations. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to 
meet its financial commitments. 
d) 
Rating Outlook 
An S&P Global Ratings outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the 
intermediate term which is generally up to two years for investment grade and generally up to one year for 
speculative grade. In determining a rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic 
and/or fundamental business conditions. An outlook can be one of the following: 
 
Positive means that a rating may be raised. 
 
Negative means that a rating may be lowered. 
 
Stable means that a rating is not likely to change. 
 
Developing means a rating may be raised, lowered, or affirmed. 
Each rating reflects the view of the credit rating agency at the time it gave the Issuer the rating. The credit rating 
agency can change their ratings at any time if they believe that circumstances so warrant. Potential investors in 
the Issuer's Notes should not view these ratings as recommendations to buy, sell or hold Notes of the Issuer. 
Any ratings downgrade could affect the Issuer's access to the funding market. Furthermore, a rating downgrade 
could have a negative impact on the market position of the Issuer and could therefore adversely impact the Issuer's 
financial condition or results of operations. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated as specified in the Final Terms. 
A rating of the Notes is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes issued under the Programme and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal of the rating assigned to the Notes issued under the Programme may adversely affect the market 
price of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Credit rating agencies may provide different ratings for the Notes and the Issuer. The Issuer's rating may therefore 
not reflect the Notes' rating and vice versa.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, in relation to a specific issue 
of Notes, to such specific purpose as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
If provided for in the Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, an amount equivalent to the proceeds from such 
Series of Notes may be used to finance and/or refinance specified Eligible Green Assets in accordance with certain 
prescribed Eligibility Criteria set out in the W&W Group Green Bond Framework (see section "Green Bond 
Framework" in this Base Prospectus). 
The Green Bond Framework is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK 
Introduction 
In March 2023, W&W Group established its Green Bond Framework under which Wüstenrot & Württembergische 
AG and all of its subsidiaries including the Issuer (together referred to as "W&W") may issue Notes specifically for 
projects and activities that promote environmental purposes ("Green Bonds"). 
Use of Proceeds 
The Issuer intends to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of the Green Bonds to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, prospective or existing loans ("Eligible Green Assets"), that fall under 
the following Eligible Green Asset Category and meet the relevant eligibility criteria ("Eligibility Criteria").
The Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Green Assets of the Issuer are listed in the table below: 
Eligible Green 
Asset Category
Description and Eligibility Criteria 
EU Environmental 
Objectives141
SDG142
Green Buildings 
Residential and Commercial buildings (including existing 
buildings, renovated buildings and new constructions) that meet 
at least one of the following criteria: 
1. EPC-Label 
 
Residential buildings are within the Top 15% of the local 
market, if Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) in terms of 
Primary Energy Demand (PED) A+, A or B is reached. 
2. Energy consumption 
 
Residential buildings with a PED of 74 kWh/m²a or less 
represent the Top 15% of the local market. 
 
Renovation of existing Residential and Commercial 
buildings: The renovation complies with the requirements for 
major renovations or it leads to a reduction of PED of at least 
30% in comparison to the performance of the building before 
renovation. 
3. German energy efficiency standards143
 
Residential buildings complying with the Building Energy 
standard of EnEV 2009 or newer represent the Top 15% of 
the local market. 
 
Office or Retail buildings complying with the Building Energy 
standard of EnEV 2009 or newer represent the Top 15% of 
the local market. 
 
Logistics buildings complying with the Building Energy 
standard of EnEV 2014 or newer represent the Top 15% of 
the local market. 
4. Green Building Certification 
Climate change 
mitigation: b) 
Improving energy 
efficiency 
11, 13 
141 In alignment with overarching objectives as defined in Article 5 and 6 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the ''EU Taxonomy Regulation''). 
142 Sustainable Development Goals ("SDG") adopted by the United Nations in 2015 (in alignment with the ICMA "Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bonds: A High-Level Mapping to the Sustainable Development Goals" (June 2022 edition). 
143 The year of construction determined by an expert is used as proof. On 1 November 2020, the 'Energieeinsparungsgesetz' 
("EnEG"), the 'Energieeinsparverordnung' ("EnEV") and the 'Erneuerbare-Energien-Wärmegesetz' ("EEWärmeG") were 
replaced by the 'Gebäudeenergiegesetz' ("GEG").

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Eligible Green 
Asset Category
Description and Eligibility Criteria 
EU Environmental 
Objectives141
SDG142
 
DGNB (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Nachhaltiges Bauen) 
Gold or better 
 
LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) 
Gold or better 
 
BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental 
Assessment Method) Excellent or above 
The Eligible Green Asset Category complies with the EU Taxonomy Regulation's classification system for 
environmental objectives as published in the version from 18 June 2020. 
In the case of green covered bonds issued by the Issuer, the mortgages on the Green Buildings serve as collateral 
for loans on the Issuer's cover pool. If they are used for green German covered bonds "Grüne Pfandbriefe", the 
loans must be eligible for and included in, or to be included in, the bank's mortgage cover pool. Furthermore, a new 
green German covered bond "Grüner Pfandbrief" can only be issued if there are Eligible Green Assets with a 
sufficient aggregated nominal value in Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG's mortgage cover pool that have not already 
been used for previous Green Bonds.
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
W&W has established an internal Green Bond Committee ("W&W Committee") in order to manage the initial set-
up of the Green Bond Framework, the external review and future updates including those necessary to reflect 
evolving standards and requirements in the green bond market. In addition, the W&W Committee manages the 
entire Green Bond process, including the evaluation, selection and monitoring of the Eligible Green Assets, 
management of proceeds and reporting on allocation and impact. In its regular meetings, the W&W Committee will 
also discuss and determine whether the Eligibility Criteria are still in line with best market practices and decide on 
how to adapt the Green Bond Framework accordingly if needed. The W&W Committee will annually review the list 
of Eligible Green Assets against the Eligibility Criteria. If an investment no longer meets the Eligibility Criteria set 
forth in the Green Bond Framework, the investment will be removed and replaced as soon as one or more Eligible 
Green Assets have been identified as a substitute. The W&W Committee consists of the representatives from the 
W&W Risk and Finance department, the business divisions Housing and Insurance, as well as Sustainability. The 
W&W Committee can add further representatives of other departments and/or delegate particular obligations to 
experts within W&W at its own discretion, whenever it seems appropriate. 
In the Project Evaluation and Selection Process projects financed and/or refinanced through Green Bond proceeds 
are evaluated and selected based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria. The W&W's approval process intends 
to ensure, that all its investments and loans comply with internal environmental and social standards including 
those financed with the proceeds of the Green Bonds. The implementation of the exclusion criteria and adherence 
to national and international standards on a best-effort basis help to mitigate the environmental and social risks 
associated with the Eligible Green Assets. In addition to the exclusion criteria associated with arms manufacturing 
or dealing or activity related to coal are not eligible for Green Assets. W&W ensures that all selected Eligible Green 
Assets comply with official national and international environmental and social standards, as well as local laws and 
regulations, on a best effort basis. 
Loans in the green portfolio of the Issuer are subject to the standards set out in the W&W Group's current credit 
risk strategy, as well as internal review processes, with regard to money laundering. For each project, 
environmental and social risks associated with the Eligible Green Assets are taken into account as part of the 
property valuation and credit assessment. In addition, sustainability risks are assessed as part of transitory and 
physical scenario analyses and appropriate measures are derived from them. The data basis for the identification 
of physical and transitory risks is the address and the energy efficiency, which are either recorded directly via 
energy performance certificates or determined via a statistical method based on the building age classes, among 
other things. In case W&W's Valuation and Credit assessment identifies any relevant E&S risks which violates 
national and international standards, the respective Green Assets will be excluded from the Eligible Green Asset 
pool.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
W&W has also defined binding exclusion criteria for lending/investing that apply throughout the W&W Group. The 
exclusion criteria are considered on a best effort basis and apply to all types of commercial financing. The Issuer 
offers housing finance activities as defined in the German Bausparkassen Act. The loans have to be used primarily 
for residential purposes like the construction, purchase, maintenance and improvement of buildings or the 
acquisition of building land. The loans are essentially limited to private customers and dedicated to long-term wealth 
accumulation and residential use especially owner-occupied houses and flats. On that basis the fulfilment of the 
exclusion criteria is covered through the housing finance activities as defined by the German Bausparkassen Act.  
The Eligibility Criteria referenced in the table above are used for the green asset selection process. As part of the 
residential lending process, the submission of the Energy Performance Certificate has been requested from 
borrowers since 2022. This Energy Performance Certificate is assigned to the green asset to ensure unique 
identification of the asset and clear assignment to the green portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds 
W&W will manage the net proceeds of its Green Bonds on a portfolio basis on an issuer level. That means, that 
each legal entity will manage its own portfolio of Eligible Green Assets that are financed and refinanced by the 
respective Green Bonds issued by the same entity. W&W intends to allocate proceeds of a Green Bond to Eligible 
Green Assets within three years from the date of issuance of the respective Green Bond. 
Eligible Green Assets are not booked in a separate portfolio but will be earmarked in the Issuer's monitoring system. 
Thus, they form a virtual sub-portfolio. The W&W Committee will monitor that the amount of Eligible Green Assets 
within the sub-portfolio is always higher than the net proceeds of outstanding Green Bonds issued by the respective 
issuing entity. In the unlikely case that the outstanding Green Bonds exceed the volume of Eligible Green Assets 
(e.g. due to early repayment or loss of eligibility of certain assets or investments), W&W intends to temporarily 
invest an amount equal to the balance between Eligible Green Assets and the net proceeds of outstanding Green 
Bonds in sustainable/green bonds and/or hold it in cash. 
Reporting 
W&W is dedicated to give sufficient transparency upon the issuance and during the lifetime of its Green Bonds to 
the investors. Therefore, each W&W entity that issues a Green Bond will publish individually on an annual basis, 
starting approximately one year after the first Green Bond transaction, a "Green Bond Investor Report" with a 
regular cut-off date [December 31] as long as it has Green Bonds outstanding.  
The reporting basis for all W&W Green Bonds and other potential green funding is the respective sub-portfolio of 
Eligible Green Assets. The information will be provided separately by each issuing entity of W&W on an aggregated 
basis for the respective Eligible Green Asset Category for all its Green Bonds outstanding. 
The Green Bond Investor Report will consist of an allocation reporting and impact reporting. 
Alignment 
The eligible category for the use of proceeds – Green Buildings– is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
2021. 
Second Party Opinion 
The Green Bond Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics, which provided the Sustainalytics Opinion on the 
Green Bond Framework and its alignments with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021. 
Important Notice 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainalytics Opinion or any sustainability 
reports are, and none shall be deemed to be, incorporated by reference into or form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Please refer to the section "Risk Factors" above for further information regarding risks associated with Green 
Bonds.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
TAXATION
Taxation Warning 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuers' country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Taxation in the Federal Republic of Germany 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and disposing 
of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. In 
particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular 
Noteholder. The discussions that follow for the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") based upon the 
applicable laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and 
interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even with retrospective effect. 
German tax resident Investors 
The following general description does not consider all aspects of income taxation in Germany that may be relevant 
to a Noteholder in the light of the Noteholder's particular circumstances and income tax situation. This general 
description is based on German tax laws and regulations, all as currently in effect and all subject to change at any 
time, possibly with retrospective effect. 
German tax resident investors holding the Notes as private assets 
Taxation of income from the Notes 
If the Notes are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose residence or habitual 
abode is in Germany, payments of interest under the Notes are generally taxed as investment income (Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax (Kirchensteuer)). 
The same applies to capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Notes. The capital gain is generally determined 
as the difference between the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the Notes and the acquisition costs. 
Expenses directly and factually related (unmittelbarer sachlicher Zusammenhang) to the sale or redemption are 
taken into account in computing the taxable capital gain. Otherwise, the deduction of related expenses for tax 
purposes is not permitted. The same applies to proceeds from the separate disposal of interest claims (i.e. without 
the Notes) or to proceeds from the payment of interest claims if the Notes have been disposed separately. 
Where the Notes are acquired and/or sold in a currency other than Euro, the acquisition costs will be converted 
into Euro at the time of acquisition, the sales proceeds will be converted in Euro at the time of sale, and only the 
difference will then be computed in Euro. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding (see subsequent paragraph – Withholding tax) and the tax 
withheld shall generally settle the individual investor's tax liability with respect to the Notes. If, however, no or not 
sufficient tax was withheld other than by virtue of a withholding tax exemption request (Freistellungsauftrag) (e.g., 
in case there is no Domestic Paying Agent, as defined below) the investor will have to include the income received 
with respect to the Notes in its annual income tax return. The flat tax will then be collected by way of tax assessment. 
The investor may also opt for inclusion of investment income in its income tax return if the aggregated amount of 
tax withheld on investment income during the year exceeded the investor's aggregated flat tax liability on 
investment income (e.g., because of available losses carried forward or foreign tax credits). If the investor's 
individual income tax rate which is applicable on all taxable income including the investment income is lower than 
25 per cent., the investor may opt to be taxed at individual progressive rates with respect to its investment income. 
Capital losses of non-business investors resulting, inter alia, from a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall), a waiver of 
a receivable (Forderungsverzicht), if the Notes expire worthless or from a transfer of worthless Notes can be set-
off against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of EUR°20,000 p.a. Losses exceeding that 
threshold can be carried forward and set-off against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of 
EUR 20,000 p.a. in subsequent years, subject to certain requirements. Based on recent guidance provided by the 
German tax authorities losses which fall within the scope of the loss offset limitation rules will in principle not be 
recognised for withholding tax purposes but need to be claimed by an investor by way of tax assessment.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Individual investors are entitled to a saver's lump sum tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for investment income 
of EUR°1,000 per year (EUR°2,000 for jointly assessed investors). The saver's lump sum tax allowance is also 
taken into account for purposes of withholding tax (see subsequent paragraph – Withholding tax) if the investor 
has filed a withholding tax exemption request (Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent (as 
defined below). The deduction of related expenses for tax purposes is not permitted. 
According to the act on the reduction of the solidarity surcharge (Gesetz zur Rückführung des 
Solidaritätszuschlags), the solidarity surcharge shall only be levied for wage tax and income tax purposes from the 
assessment period 2021 onwards if the individual income tax of the individual investor exceeds the threshold of 
EUR 16,956 (EUR 33,912 for jointly assessed investors). The solidarity surcharge shall however continue to be 
applicable for withholding tax, flat tax and corporate income tax purposes. If in case of flat tax, the income tax 
burden for an individual investor is lower than the flat tax of 25 per cent., the individual investor can apply for its 
capital investment income being assessed at its individual progressive rates (see above) in which case solidarity 
surcharge would be refunded. 
Withholding tax 
If the Notes are kept or administered in a domestic securities deposit account with a German credit institution 
(Kreditinstitut) or financial services institution (Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) (or with a German branch of a foreign 
credit or financial services institution), or with a German securities institution (Wertpapierinstitut) (each a "Domestic 
Paying Agent") which pays or credits the interest, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon, resulting in a total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent, is levied on the interest payments. 
The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and is collected for 
the individual investor by way of withholding which is provided for as a standard procedure unless the Noteholder 
has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für 
Steuern). The Domestic Paying Agent may deduct from the basis of the withholding tax certain types of negative 
investment income realised by the individual investor of the Notes via the Domestic Paying Agent (e.g. certain 
losses from the sale of other securities with the exception of shares). The Domestic Paying Agent may deduct 
interest accrued on the Notes or other securities paid separately upon the acquisition of the respective security via 
the Domestic Paying Agent. In addition, subject to certain requirements and restrictions the Domestic Paying Agent 
may credit foreign withholding taxes levied on investment income in a given year regarding securities held by the 
individual investor in the custodial account with the Domestic Paying Agent. 
Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Notes are also subject to the 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon, if the Notes are kept or administered by a Domestic Paying Agent 
effecting the sale or redemption from the time of their acquisition. If the Notes were sold or redeemed after being 
transferred to a securities deposit account with a Domestic Paying Agent, 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus 
solidarity surcharge thereon) would be levied on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as 
the case may be, unless the investor or the previous depository bank was able and allowed to prove evidence for 
the investor's actual acquisition costs to the Domestic Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess 
of the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and is collected for the individual investor by way of withholding 
which is provided for as a standard procedure unless the Noteholder has filed a blocking notice with the German 
Federal Central Tax Office. 
German resident investors holding the Notes as business assets 
Taxation of income from the Notes 
If the Notes are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor which is tax 
resident in Germany (i.e., a corporation with its statutory seat or place of management in Germany), interest income 
and capital gains from the Notes are subject to personal income tax at individual progressive rates or corporate 
income tax (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and church tax, if applicable to the individual investor) 
and, in general, trade tax. The effective trade tax rate depends on the applicable trade tax factor (Gewerbesteuer-
Hebesatz) of the relevant municipality where the business is located. In case of individual investors, the trade tax 
may, however, be partially or fully creditable against the investor's personal income tax liability depending on the 
applicable trade tax factor and the investor's particular circumstances. 
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the Notes should generally be tax-recognised and may generally be 
offset against other income.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Withholding tax 
If the Notes are kept or administered by a Domestic Paying Agent which pays or credits the interest, a 25 per cent. 
withholding tax, plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon, resulting in a total withholding tax charge of 
26.375 per cent, is generally levied on the interest payments. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of 
the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and is collected for the individual investor by way of withholding which 
is provided for as a standard procedure unless the Noteholder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the 
German Federal Central Tax Office. 
No withholding is generally required on capital gains from the disposal or redemption of the Notes which is derived 
by German resident corporate investors and, upon application, by individual investors holding the Notes as assets 
of a German business. 
Any capital losses incurred from the disposal or redemption of the Notes will not be taken into account for 
withholding tax purposes. The withholding tax does not settle the investor's personal or corporate income tax 
liability with respect to the Notes. The income from the Notes will have to be included in the investor's personal or 
corporate income tax return. 
Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the investor's personal or 
corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be. 
Non-German tax resident Investors 
Income derived from the Notes by investors who are not tax resident in Germany is in general not subject to German 
income taxation, and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the Notes are held as business assets of a 
German permanent establishment of the investor or by a permanent German representative of the investor or 
(ii) the income derived from the Notes does otherwise constitute German source income (such as income from the 
letting and leasing of certain property located in Germany) or (iii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent 
against presentation of the Notes or interest coupons (so-called over-the-counter transaction, Tafelgeschäfte). 
Income derived from the Notes may in principle also be subject to German income taxation, if the Notes are held 
by a non-resident Noteholder, which is resident in a non-cooperative country or territory within the meaning of the 
act to prevent tax evasion and unfair tax competition (Steueroasen-Abwehrgesetz). There is, however, an 
exemption from German income taxation for such notes, which are held in collective custody through a global 
certificate. 
If the income derived from the Notes is subject to German taxation according to the above, the income is subject 
to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for German tax residents. Under 
certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or tax exemptions under applicable double 
tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with Germany. 
Particularities of Notes with a negative yield 
Investors will only realise a taxable capital gain if they receive, upon a disposal of the Notes, an amount (after the 
deduction of actual expenses directly related thereto) in excess of the issue price (or the purchase price they paid 
for the Notes). 
Contrary thereto, Investors who subscribe the Notes at a negative yield upon issue and hold the Notes until their 
final maturity will realise a loss. The tax treatment of such losses is not entirely clear: 
 
If the Notes are held by tax residents as non-business assets, statements of the German tax authorities 
regarding "negative interest" incurred on bank deposits made by private investors arguably imply that 
such losses cannot be fully deducted. Such losses are rather treated as expenses in connection with 
capital investment income and, are, consequently not tax-deductible except for an annual lump-sum 
deduction (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of EUR°1,000 (EUR°2,000 for individuals filing jointly). 
 
If the Notes are held by tax residents as business assets, statements of the German tax authorities 
regarding "negative interest" incurred on bank deposits made by business investors arguably imply that 
such losses are generally tax deductible. 
Inheritance tax and gift tax 
The transfer of the Notes to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German gift or inheritance 
tax, respectively, if inter alia

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(a) the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode or, in 
case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has its seat or 
place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property, 
(b) except as provided under (i), the testator's or donor's Notes belong to business assets attributable to a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Germany. 
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective Noteholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or gift 
tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. 
Other taxes 
The purchase, sale or other disposal of the Notes does not give rise to capital transfer tax, value added tax, stamp 
duties or similar taxes or charges in Germany. However, under certain circumstances entrepreneurs may choose 
liability to value added tax with regard to the sale of Notes to other entrepreneurs which would otherwise be tax 
exempt. Net wealth tax (Vermögensteuer) is, at present, not levied in Germany.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
General 
The Issuer and, if any, each Dealer will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer, if any, shall have any 
responsibility therefore. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers, if any, represent that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the 
distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Principal Paying Agent, or in the case 
of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
For Notes which are subject to TEFRA D-Rules, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules for the 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the "D Rules"): 
(i) 
each dealer has represented that it has not offered or sold, and has agreed that during a 40-day 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person; and 
(ii) 
has represented that it has not delivered and has agreed that it will not deliver within the United 
States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each dealer has represented that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted 
by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each dealer has represented that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so 
in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor rules for 
the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code); and

--- Page 182 ---
182 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Notes for the purpose of offering or selling such Notes 
during the restricted period, it either (x) repeats and confirms the representations contained in Clauses (a), 
(b) and (c) on behalf of such affiliate or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the 
Issuer the representations and agreements contained in Clauses (a), (b) and (c). 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
For Notes which are subject to TEFRA C-Rules, the following shall apply: 
Under U.S. Treas. Reg. §.1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the "C Rules"), Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions 
in connection with their original issuance by an issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not 
significantly engage in interstate commerce with respect to the issuance. Each dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and shall not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer 
form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection 
with the original issuance of Notes in bearer form, each dealer has represented and agreed that it has not 
communicated, and shall not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such 
purchaser or it is within the United States or its possession or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale 
of Notes in bearer form. Terms used in this paragraph have meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); 
and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State ("Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be 
treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional 
provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 184 ---
184 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
of the SFA except:

--- Page 185 ---
185 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates operates, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, 
commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, 
deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have 
received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), 
which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Authorization 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors (Vorstand) of the Issuer on 
17 November 2016. The increase of the Programme Amount has been duly authorised by the Board of Directors 
(Vorstand) of the Issuer on 8 June 2022. The second increase of the Programme Amount has been duly authorised 
by the Board of Directors (Vorstand) of the Issuer on 4 July 2023. 
No separate resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is necessary for the issue of any Series of Notes 
under the Programme. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany ("CBF"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, 
Luxembourg ("CBL"). The German securities number, the Common Code, the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations may be 
(i) deposited with either CBF or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international 
bearer debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and CBL, 
the International Central Securities Depositories (the "ICSDs").

--- Page 187 ---
187 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under 
the Programme - if and to the extent this is so expressed in the Final Terms relating to a particular issue of Notes 
- is entitled to use the Base Prospectus in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
or such other Member State whose competent authorities have been notified of the approval of the Base 
Prospectus for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period 
(all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant 
Notes can be made, provided however, that the Base Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in the Base Prospectus also 
with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft (www.ww-ag.com  Investor Relations  Anleihen  Emissionen 
der Bausparkasse AG). 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the 
Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that 
it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes may be issued under this Programme or any Notes issued under this Programme are 
outstanding, electronic versions of the following documents are available on the website of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association (Satzung) of the Issuer (accessed by using the hyperlink: www.ww-
ag.com/de/investor-relations/publikationen/basisinformationen); 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or supplements hereto (excluding the Final Terms in 
connection with Notes with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000 which are not listed on 
any 
stock 
exchange) 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
www.ww-ag.com/de/investor-
relations/anleihen/emissionen-wuestenrot); 
(iii) 
the Green Bond Framework of the W&W Group dated March 2023 (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
www.ww-ag.com/go/media/Green-Bond-Framework); 
(iv) 
the Second Party Opinion issued by Sustainalytics dated 17 March 2023 in relation to the W&W 
Group's 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
(accessed 
by 
using 
the 
hyperlink: 
www.ww-
ag.com/go/media/Green-Bond-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion); and 
(v) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the 
hyperlinks set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
The information on any website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently 
verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus, are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Page Reference 
Incorporated in section of the 
Base Prospectus 
1. 
Annual Financial Statements of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 in 
German language (Geschäftsbericht 2022 Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG)
available at:  
https://www.ww-ag.com/media/dokumente/investor_relations_1/berichte_1/geschaeftsberichte/2022_5/BSW_GB_2022.pdf

Balance sheet 
p. 44 to 47 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Profit and loss account 
p. 48 to 49 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Cash flow statement 
p. 50 to 52 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Statement of changes in equity 
p. 53 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Notes to the financial statements 
p. 54 to 78 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Independent auditor's report 
p. 80 to 87 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 
2. 
Annual Financial Statements of Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 in 
German language (Geschäftsbericht 2021 Wüstenrot Bausparkasse AG)
available at:  
https://www.ww-
ag.com/media/dokumente/investor_relations_1/berichte_1/geschaeftsberichte/2021_5/Geschaeftsbericht_2021_Wuestenrot_Bauspark
asse_AG.pdf

Balance sheet 
p. 40 to 43 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Profit and loss account 
p. 44 to 45 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Cash flow statement 
p. 46 to 48 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Statement of changes in equity 
p. 49 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Notes to the financial statements 
p. 50 to 73 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft 

Independent auditor's report 
p. 75 to 82 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse 
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 189 ---
189 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the above tables, are either not relevant 
for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained free of charge at the 
registered office of the Issuer, W&W-Platz 1, 70806 Kornwestheim, Federal Republic of Germany, during normal 
business hours.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim 
Federal Republic of Germany 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Wüstenrot Bausparkasse Aktiengesellschaft 
W&W-Platz 1 
70806 Kornwestheim 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
to the Issuer
Linklaters LLP
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer
Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
Flughafenstraße 61 
70629 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany