--- Page 1 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 26 October 2023

--- Page 2 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Wallenius Wilhelmsen 
ASA’s (the Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites (www.danskebank.no, www.dnb.no, www.nordea.no and www.spb1markets.no).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023 together with the Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 10 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 12 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 13 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 14 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 15 
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 20 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 21 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 24 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 25 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 27 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 29 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 30 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 44 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 46 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR WALLENIUS WILHELMSEN ASA ............................... 47 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 49

--- Page 4 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may occasionally issue 
and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The Bonds 
may have put- and call options and they may be sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time outstanding 
under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the case where 
there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA involves inherent risks, and an investment in the bonds 
is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can 
afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, the risk factors for the Group are deemed to be equivalent 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in the Base Prospectus before 
making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which Wallenius 
Wilhelmsen ASA considers to be most material (in each category) to our business. If any of these risks were to 
occur, the Company’s business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely 
affected, and the Company could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the 
bonds. 
 
1.1 Risks related to the Group and the market in which it operates 
 
Risks relating to the industry, competition and customer contracts 
The shipping and logistics industries in which the Group operates are highly competitive. The Group obtains 
employment for its vessels in competitive markets, where it encounters competition from owners and operators of 
roll-on roll-off vessels, large car and truck carriers (“LCTCs”), pure car and truck carriers (“PCTCs”) and pure car 
carriers (“PCCs”), as well as by logistics services providers. The Group’s logistics services providers operate in 
highly competitive markets in which they face competition from landbased transportation and logistics services 
companies, as well as international logistics service providers. 
 
Historically, the shipping industry has been highly cyclical, experiencing volatility in profitability and asset values. 
This has primarily been due to changes in the level and pattern of global economic growth, the highly competitive 
nature of the world of the shipping industry and changes in the supply of and demand for vessel capacity. 
 
The Group’s performance and growth depends heavily on the demand for deep-sea transportation of cars, high and 
heavy machinery and break bulk cargo, including US governmental cargo (which the Group has more of than 
immediate competitors). Market development is also dependent on the supply of vessels built and old vessels 
recycled, converted to other uses or lost, as well as government and industry regulation of maritime transportation. 
An increase in the supply of vessels or other vessel capacity without a corresponding increase in demand for 
transportation could cause freight rates to decline. . 
 
The competition in the markets where the Group operates may lead to reduced profitability and/or expansion 
opportunities and the Group’s market share and competitive position in these markets may erode in the future. Any 
new markets that are entered into could include participants that have greater experience or financial strength than 
the Group, and it may thus not be successful in entering such new markets.  
 
As the markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive, there can be no assurance that the Group will 
be able to renew its existing customer contracts and/or establish additional customer agreements, or that any such 
future agreements will be on terms equally favourable to the Group as is currently the case. The largest customer 
contract is with the Hyundai Motor Group where we transport 40% of their export volume. 
 
If any of these risks were to materialize, they may have a materially adverse affect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 
Environmental risk 
The activities of the Group are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of international conventions 
and state and municipal laws and regulations. The International Maritime Organization (IMO), the European Union 
(EU) and the United States (US) being some examples. Changes in regulations concerning emission of greenhouse 
gases is one such risk factor for the Company. Compliance with such regulations may require significant 
expenditures, and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, some of which may be material. 
Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger 
fines and liability and potentially increased capital expenditures and operating costs. Changes in environmental 
laws may result in a material increase in the cost of operating the Group’s units or otherwise materially adversely 
affect its business, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.

--- Page 6 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
 
Risk related to change in production patterns  
The geographical pattern of production and sales of cars and rolling equipment may change going forward, because 
of, inter alia, restructuring in the industries, growing protectionism and currency concerns. A potential shift in the 
balance between locally produced and exported cargo may affect the overall demand for ocean transportation, and 
could result in lower and less efficient utilisation of the Group’s fleet. Shifts in production and sales may also result 
in lower and less utilisation of the Group’s landbased logistics facilities and transportation networks, which in turn 
may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, cash flows and the financial condition of 
the Group. 
 
The Company cannot predict the future level of demand for its services or future conditions in the industries it 
serves. 
 
Geopolitical risk and sanctions 
The Group is active in a number of regions, which expose the Group to political, governmental and economic 
instability, which could in turn harm operations. 
 
Changes in the legislative, political, governmental and economic framework in the regions in which the Group 
carries on business could have a material impact on the business. In particular, changing laws and policies affecting 
trade, investment and changes in tax regulations could have a materially adverse effect on the Group’s revenues, 
profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
As a direct consequence of the Russian invasion of Ukraine 24 February 2022 and the newly implemented sanctions 
regime, the Group has suspended operations in Russia and Belarus until further notice. The Group has limited 
direct exposure in the region. 
 
Incidents involving significant damage, loss or environmental contamination 
The Group’s vessels work in harsh environments, and the Group also operates and/or manages/procures 
transportation of cargo by truck, rail and barge. Human errors, severe weather conditions and marine disasters are 
all probable events with the potential to cause damage to and loss of vessel and cargo. Natural disasters, grounding, 
collisions, fire, faulty constructions, war and terrorism and explosions are lower probability events that also has the 
potential to cause damage to or loss of vessel and cargo. Consequences for the Group of any such event will 
depend on exactly what occurred and short- and long-term effects thereof, where even no two (similar) incidents 
are likely to have the same effects. While it is more probable that a human error will occur than a natural disaster, 
the effect and consequence for the Group might be the same. Each event has individually the potential to have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial conditions. While the 
Group has customary insurances in place for these risks, there is no assurance that the Group is adequately insured 
against these risks or that the insurers will pay all claims in full. In the event of environmental contamination, the 
Group may be subject to strict liability.  
 
Risks related to disputes and litigation and anti-trust 
The Group operates in various legal and regulatory environments world-wide. The Group might because of this be 
involved in disputes and legal, administrative and governmental proceedings in Norway and other jurisdictions. 
Potential outcomes of such disputes and proceedings are subject to many uncertainties which can expose the 
Group to losses and liabilities. The final results of such disputes and proceedings may have a material adverse 
effect on the business, profitability, cash flows and financial condition of the Group. 
 
The operating entities WW Ocean and EUKOR have been part of authority anti-trust investigations in several 
jurisdictions since 2012. These proceedings are now resolved. Some related civil claims are still pending, and the 
timeline for full and final resolution of these claims is uncertain. As per the second quarter of 2023, no provisions 
are set aside for anti-trust claims. 
 
Risks related to piracy, armed robbery, hijackings and kidnapping 
Acts of piracy and armed robbery have historically occurred in areas where the Group has operated and while the 
Group has not experienced this in recent years, there is a risk that acts of piracy, armed robbery, hijackings and 
kidnapping will continue to occur in these areas. Indian Ocean and Gulf of Guinea are the two areas most at risk.  
 
1.2 Financial risks related to the Group 
Interest rate risk 
The Group’s long-term debt is primarily based on floating interest rates, and the Group has entered into interest 
rate swaps to obtain a certain level of fixed interest rate exposure. Interest rate fluctuations will influence the level 
of interest expense payable on the floating rate debt. Interest rate fluctuations will also influence the fair value of 
this portfolio of financial derivatives and thereby its financial results. An increase in interest rates can therefore 
materially adversely affect the Group’s financial results, cash flow and financial condition

--- Page 7 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
Restrictive covenants in the Company’s secured loan facilities and the bond terms, financial and other 
restrictions 
The Group has a number of covenants related to its loans and other financial commitments. Similarly, the bond 
terms will provide certain restrictions on the Group from certain actions. The restrictions in such terms and 
conditions may prevent the Group from taking actions that it believes would be in its best interest and may make it 
difficult for the Group to execute its business strategy successfully or compete effectively with companies that are 
not similarly restricted. Furthermore, any additional debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. 
Failure to comply with financial and other covenants may result in increased financial costs, requirement for 
additional security or cancellation of loans, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results 
of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group may not be able to meet its liabilities as they fall due. An insufficient liquidity 
position may have a material adverse effect on the operations and development of the Group, which in turn may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
Credit risk 
The Group routinely executes a large volume of transactions involving daily settlement of substantial amounts, 
many of which expose the Group to the risk of contractual default by a counterparty. Due to the current macro 
conditions, this risk has increased. The Group’s profitability, cash flows and financial condition may be materially 
adversely affected, should its counterparties fail to meet their contractual obligations. 
 
The Group’s customer base consists of diverse customers with no single material source of credit risk. However, a 
downturn in financial markets and economic activity may result in a higher volume of late payments and outstanding 
receivables. Even though the Group routinely seeks to recover all outstanding receivables, the amounts of write-
offs may increase and have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flow and financial condition 
of the Group. 
 
Fuel price risk 
The profitability and cash flow of the Group is influenced by the market price of fuel, which is affected by numerous 
factors beyond the control of the Company. The price of fuel oil has historically been volatile. An increase in fuel 
prices may materially affect the Group’s profitability and put pressure on the operating margins, particularly in 
periods with price increases, as there is a lagging effect in the fuel compensation mechanism in the Group’s 
customer contracts. Thus, the market price of fuel may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, cash flows and financial condition of the Group. 
 
Currency risk 
The reporting currency for the Group is USD. The Group is exposed to currency risk on revenues and expenses 
incurred (transaction risk) and balance sheet items (translation risk) in currencies other than USD, including CNY, 
EUR, GBP, JPY, KRW, NOK, SEK, as well as other currencies. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may 
materially adversely affect the Group’s financial results, cash flow and financial condition. 
 
1.3 Risk factors related to the bonds 
 
General 
All investments in interest bearing securities have risk associated with such investment. The is related to the general 
volatility in the market for such securities, varying liquidity in a single bond issue as well as company specific risk 
factors. There are four main risk factors that sum up the investor’s total risk exposure when investing in interest 
bearing securities with a floating interest rates: liquidity risk, interest rate risk, settlement risk and market risk (both 
in general and issuer specific). 
 
Interest-rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that results from the variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The coupon payments, which 
depend on the NIBOR interest rate and the margin, will vary in accordance with the variability of the NIBOR interest 
rate. The interest rate risk related to this bond issue will be limited, since the coupon rate will be adjusted quarterly 
according to the change in the reference interest rate (NIBOR 3 months) over the tenor of the Bonds. The primary 
price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the correct trading level for the credit 
spread related to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond issue 
is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may 
relate to general changes in the market conditions and/or Company specific circumstances. However, under normal 
market circumstances the anticipated tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes 
shorter. In general, the price of bonds will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely the 
bond price will increase when the market spread decreases.

--- Page 8 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of securities linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including NIBOR) are subject of recent national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any securities linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. The Bonds are linked to NIBOR 
and there is a risk that any discontinuance or reforms of NIBOR may material adverse effect the pricing of the 
Bonds. No guarantees can be made as to the continuance of the current underlying reference rate of the Bonds 
and the possible consequences a potential discontinuance of NIBOR may have of the value of the Bonds. 
 
Risk of being unable to repay the Bonds 
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Company will be required to make payments on the Bonds. The Company is 
dependent upon its and its subsidiaries’ ability to generate cash flow from operations and to make distributions to 
the Company in order for the Company to make scheduled payments on the indebtedness, including the Bonds. 
 
The future financial performance of the Group will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, governmental, 
operating and other business factors, many of which cannot be controlled, such as general economic and financial 
conditions in the business or the economy at large. A significant reduction in operating cash flows resulting from 
changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other events could increase the need for additional or 
alternative sources of liquidity and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or 
results of operations, as well as the Group’s ability to service its debt, including the Bonds, and other obligations. 
 
If the Group is unable to service its indebtedness, it will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may include 
actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing indebtedness 
or seeking equity capital. The Group cannot assure investors that any of these alternative strategies could be 
affected on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield sufficient funds to make required payments on the 
Bonds and the Group’s other indebtedness. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and 
principal on outstanding indebtedness is likely to result in a reduction of credit rating, which could harm the ability 
to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. 
 
 
The Bonds are effectively subordinated to the secured debt of the Company 
The Bonds will be the Company’s direct senior unsecured obligations and will rank equal in right of payment (except 
as to claims preferred by operation of law) with all of its other existing and future senior indebtedness. The Bonds 
will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of 
the assets securing such indebtedness. If the Company is involved in any bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or 
reorganization, the secured debt holders would, to the extent of the value of the assets securing the secured debt, 
be paid before the holders of the Bonds. In that event, a holder of Bonds may not be able to recover any principal 
or interest due to it under the Bonds. 
 
The Bonds will be unsecured obligations and are structurally subordinated to the liabilities of any of the 
Company’s subsidiaries 
Generally, creditors under indebtedness and trade creditors of the Company’s subsidiaries will be entitled to 
payments of their claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets are made available for distribution 
to the Company, as a direct or indirect shareholder. Accordingly, in the event that any of the Group’s subsidiaries 
becomes subject to any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, recapitalisation, administrative or other 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the Company’s creditors (including the holders of the Bonds) will have no 
right to proceed against the assets of any such subsidiary, and creditors of the Group’s subsidiaries, including 
financial indebtedness and trade creditors, will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal 
of the assets of such subsidiary before the Company, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive 
any distributions from such subsidiary. 
 
The trading price of the Bonds may be volatile 
Historically, the market for non-investment grade debt has been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial 
volatility in the prices of securities similar to the Bonds. Any such disruptions could adversely affect the prices at 
which investors may sell their Bonds. In addition, subsequent to their initial issuance, the Bonds may trade at a 
discount from their initial placement, depending on the prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, the 
performance of the Company and other factors, many of which are beyond the Group’s control.

--- Page 9 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
Risks related to the market for the Bonds 
The Bonds are a new issue of securities with no established trading history. Even though the Group will apply for 
listing of the Bonds on Oslo Børs (or any other regulated market), no assurance can be made that the Bonds will 
be successfully listed. 
 
The Group has not entered into any market-making scheme to ensure liquidity of the Bonds. A liquid trading market 
for the Bonds may not develop or be maintained and investors may not be able to sell the Bonds quickly or at a 
favourable price. If an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price and liquidity of the Bonds may 
be adversely affected. The Group cannot assure investors as to the future liquidity of the Bonds and as a result, 
investors bear the financial risk of their investment in the Bonds.

--- Page 10 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2022 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA’s annual report of 2022 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, as amended and 
currently in effect. 
 
Base Prospectus 
This document dated 26 October 2023. The Base Prospectus has been 
approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been drawn up as part of a 
simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/Wallenius  
Wilhelmsen/Wallenius  
Wilhelmsen ASA 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, a Norwegian public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Norway, including the public limited 
companies act. 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Annual 
Report 2022. 
 
CEU 
Car Equivalent Units 
 
CNY 
Chinese Yuan 
 
CO2 
Carbon dioxide 
 
EUR 
Euro 
 
EUKOR 
EUKOR Car Carriers Ltd. 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
GBP 
Pound Sterling 
 
Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
Interim Report Q1 2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA’s interim report for first quarter 2023 
 
Interim Report Q2 2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA’s interim report for second quarter 2023 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number

--- Page 11 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
JPY 
Japanese Yen 
 
KRW 
South Korean Won 
 
LCTC 
Large car and truck carriers 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
PCC 
Pure Car Carrier 
 
PCTC 
Pure Car and Truck Carrier 
 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus together with a Final Terms constitutes the 
Prospectus. 
 
QoQ 
Quarter on quarter 
 
 
RoRo 
'Roll-on, Roll-off' 
 
SEK 
Swedish Krona 
 
US 
United States 
 
USD 
US Dollar 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
 
We, us, our and the Group 
     and other similar terms refer, unless the context otherwise requires, to the  
 
     Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 12 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, Strandveien 20, 1366 Lysaker, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.    
 
 
Lysaker, 26 October 2023 
 
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Torbjørn M Wist 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Statements regarding Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 13 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 0194 Oslo, independent public 
accountants.  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 14 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, the commercial name is Wallenius Wilhelmsen. 
5.2 Domicile, legal form and contact details 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway and registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with 
registration number 995 216 604. The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of 
Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
 
The Company's registered address is Strandveien 20, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. Postal address is P O Box 33, 1324 
Lysaker, Norway. The Company’s LEI code is 549300NBN0URT3RA3Y54. 
 
The Company's telephone number is +47 67 58 40 00. 
 
The Company’s website is http://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com. The information on the website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 15 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
6 Business overview    
6.1 Principal activities 
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen is a shipping and logistics service provider delivering premium end-to-end supply chain 
services. We connect and facilitate world trade from the end of the production line to delivery to ports, transport 
across oceans, perform services at our processing centers and delivery to dealers and other customers. We 
transport cars, tractors, trains, airplane parts, windmills and even components to entire factories. To ensure long-
term viability and prosperity for our company and our industry, we build innovative and more sustainable solutions 
that create value for everyone in our value chain, from our customers and partners to our employees and society 
at large. This takes place while simultaneously reducing our carbon footprint. See 13.8 for a high-level overview of 
our sustainability approach. 
 
We have a longstanding commitment and proactive approach to sustainability and continue to step up our ambitions 
and efforts. Delivering on these commitments is central to the work of everyone in the organization. Please see our 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com/storage/downloads/220201-
Sustainability-Linked-Financing-Framework.pdf) for further information. 
 
Our competitive advantage is the investments and knowledge we have built over decades to deliver end-to-end 
services to our customers, both on land and at sea. As we operate across the entire outbound supply chain, we are 
well positioned to improve operations, increase efficiency, reduce waste along the way and ensure a holistic 
customer experience. Our flexible vessels with strong ramps and hoistable decks make us an attractive logistics 
partner, especially for high & heavy and breakbulk cargo. Wallenius Wilhelmsen is ideally positioned to deliver cargo 
with services from A to Z. 
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen today has operations in three key segments: Shipping services, logistics services and 
government services.  
 
We take pride in how our global customer service teams ensure efficiency and coordination of our services.  
 
Our business model has over time yielded resilient free cash flow, as can be seen in our historical quarterly and 
annual reports. At the end of 2022, we find ourselves in a solid strategic and financial position and well positioned 
to weather an uncertain macroeconomic global outlook. We are committed to paying regular dividends to our 
shareholders, in accordance with our policy, and to delivering on our long-term financial targets. We believe that 
continued and future success will only be ensured by fully integrating sustainability and innovation into our business 
model. 
 
 
 
Source: Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Sustainability-Linked Bond Investor Presentation August 2023

--- Page 16 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
6.1.1 Shipping segment 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen’s main objective for the shipping segment is to strengthen its position as a leading player in 
the RoRo shipping market with unrivaled high & heavy and breakbulk capabilities (source: Clarksons, see clause 
14.1). This shall be done while driving the decarbonization journey to zero emissions by digitalizing the supply 
chain and driving technological innovation and operational effectiveness. See 13.8 for further information.  
 
Our main customers are global car manufacturers as well as manufacturers of high & heavy equipment for 
construction, agriculture and mining. We are different from other global players operating in the RoRo shipping 
space due to the scale of our capabilities to lift high, heavy and complex cargoes. This allows us to secure higher 
margins. 
 
6.1.2 Logistics segment 
Logistics services mainly serve the same customer groups as shipping services. Customers operating globally are 
offered sophisticated logistics services through four distinct products on a global scale. These include vehicle 
processing centers, equipment processing centers and inland distribution networks. We operate eight strategically 
placed RoRo terminals, 39 vehicle processing centers and 27 equipment processing centers around the world. The 
two segments, shipping and logistics, have a clear link, as about half our shipping volume passes through our 
terminals. 
 
Auto is the largest product group in the logistics portfolio, providing light vehicle processing services to auto 
producers globally. High and heavy (H&H) includes equipment processing centers on and off port sites globally with 
the largest concentration in the US. Terminal offers our cargo processing, handling and storage at some of the 
world’s largest RoRo ports. Inland includes the global transporting of cargo by road or rail to a port or final point of 
sale. 
 
6.1.3 Government segment 
The government services segment provides ocean transport of US flag cargoes and performs global logistics 
services for the US government. Ocean transport includes RoRo cargo, breakbulk and vehicles. It also includes 
charters of vessels to affiliated companies in the shipping services segment and charters or sales of vessels to 
the US government. Logistics services for the US government are primarily related to multimodal transportation, 
third party logistics support, stevedoring and terminal operations. The primary customer is the US government, 
but the segment also includes US Flag commercial cargos such as those generated by the financial sponsorship 
of a federal program, or a guarantee provided by the US government. 
 
6.2 Wallenius Wilhelmsen’s history in brief 
 
 
Source: Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Sustainability-Linked Bond Investor Presentation August 2023

--- Page 17 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
6.3 Strategy 
Our strategy is to lead the transformation of shipping and logistics towards the goal of zero emission. 
 
Source: Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Annual Report 2022 
 
Becoming the leading supply chain and mobility orchestrator means that we will work to optimize finished vehicle 
logistics flows together with customers through a digitally enabled platform. We will partner with customers along a 
continuum of orchestration services critical to their daily and long-term decision support as they execute the supply 
chain from production through to the end users, whether they be dealer networks, fleet / rental companies or 
consumers. 
 
Being our customers’ first choice in shipping entails securing a number one position in targeted trades, reduction of 
carbon intensity from our vessels with 27.5 percent by 2030, introducing a net-zero emission trade by 2027, and 
transforming our shipping operation and creating a fully data driven organization. 
 
Being the preferred partner in processing and terminal services requires that we expand our already global footprint 
and double our logistics services over the next five years to achieve the scope and scale to deliver on customers’ 
increasing finished vehicle logistics demands. Logistics services will also deliver components of our net-zero 
emission end-to-end offering by 2027, and improved profitability through a digitally enabled, highly differentiated 
service portfolio and a focused labor strategy. 
 
Introducing one net-zero emission end-to-end service by 2027 is goal number one in our strategy. As a first step on 
this ambitious journey, we aim to introduce a carbon-neutral freight and logistics service during 2024. We will 
establish verified and audited emission tracking and mass balancing and bring our customers fully onboard through 
commercializing our net-zero emission offerings to carbon-conscious customers.

--- Page 18 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
6.4 Fleet information 
Overview 
At the end of Q2 2023, Wallenius Wilhelmsen controlled a fleet of 126 vessels, down from 128 vessels in the 
previous quarter as Grand Quest and Thruxton were redelivered to their owners. As stated last quarter, three 
vessels on long-term charter to Armacup were added to the fleet count, including historical figures. Charter rates 
for tonnage continue to be high and the company had no vessels on short-term charter in Q2 20231. In general, 
the decision to add, extend or redeliver charters will depend on the overall market situation, including price of 
charters, demand growth and the long-term fleet strategy. 
 
 
 
Global fleet 
The global car carrier fleet (with size >1,000 car equivalent units, “CEU”) totaled 7602 vessels with a capacity of 
4.02m CEU at the end of Q2 2023. Two new vessels were delivered, and no vessels were recycled during Q2 2023. 
16 new orders were confirmed for the official orderbook in the period since early April (for vessels >1,000 CEU). 
The orderbook for deep-sea vehicle carriers (>4,000 CEU) stands at 152 vessels and 154 vessels (>1,000 CEU), 
representing some 29% of the global fleet capacity. Six newbuildings are expected to be delivered during the 
remaining 2023, and the rest in 2024 or beyond. The RoRo market is expected to be at a high utilization rate during 
2023, due to limited amount of new vessels joining the fleet, continued congestion and solid cargo volumes. 
 
A complete overview of the core fleet can be found here:  https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com/what-we-
do/ocean-transportation/our-vessels 
6.5 Sustainability 
In Q2 2023 we signed our first biofuel contract with ExxonMobil. The agreement marks a significant milestone in 
our commitment to sustainable operations and is in line with our strategic goal of delivering one net-zero emissions 
integrated supply chain service by 2027. 
 
People 
Safety is priority number one for Wallenius Wilhelmsen. We work diligently to implement measures to ensure 
consistent and strong safety performance across our operations.  
 
Shipping and governmental services had no Lost Time Incidents or serious injuries in Q2 2023, resulting in a lost 
time injuries frequency (LTIF)3 of 0, compared to 1.39 in Q1 2023. Shipping has just completed a fleet wide survey 
with the mission to strengthen organizational culture and to improve safety performance. The results of the survey, 
which included our ship managers and relevant areas of our port and terminal operations, are currently being 
analyzed. The next steps will be to identify improvement areas and determine actions. The survey achieved a high 
participation rate and we are grateful for the engagement from our colleagues at sea and ashore on this important 
topic. 
 
1 Except Grand Quest which was recognized as a regular short-term charter in Q2 2023 as the vessel was prolonged for a short 
period of time after original contract expiry. 
2 after reclassification of vessel size to >1000CEU 
3Per million exposure hours, which for our crew means 24 hours a day while at sea, including free time.

--- Page 19 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
 
 
In Logistics, LTIF4 decreased from 18.385 in Q1 2023 to 11.84 in Q2 2023. Key factors driving LTIF in Logistic  
include congestion, weather and labor volatility related to holidays. No serious injuries were reported in Q2 2023. 
We have initiated enhanced safety engagement on sites that underperform relative to overall results. In Americas, 
we are preparing for upcoming Occupational Health and Safety (ISO 45001) certification audits, with the final audit 
to be completed in Q4 2023. 
 
 
 
Planet 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen has for several years been working to reduce our carbon emissions, both on land and at sea. 
This work will only accelerate further into 2023 as we aspire to lead the way in transforming shipping and logistics. 
 
In 2021, we set a target to reduce our carbon emission intensity by 27.5% by 2030 compared to 2019. This is an 
ambitious target, particularly due to the recent operational challenges and tight global fleet situation which lead to 
higher speed for our vessels. See 13.8 for further information. 
 
Our total CO2 emissions for Q2 2023 was 1,109 thousand metric tonnes and relatively stable QoQ and YoY. Our 
CO2 intensity in Q2 2023 was 27.3 gCO2 per tonne-km6 and below our 2023 intensity target of 31.16 g CO2 per 
Tonne-km. This is a 10% reduction of CO2 intensity QoQ, which is mainly an effect of increased cargo-work in Q2 
2023. 
 
 
In Q2 2023 we signed our first biofuel contract which will be bunkered in the months July to November this year. 
The contract, signed with ExxonMobil, will be for the supply of sustainable biofuel to vessels calling Zeebrugge, 
with an option for Antwerp.  
 
While the contracted volume represents a small portion compared to our annual fuel consumption, it marks a 
significant milestone in our commitment to sustainable operations and is in line with our strategic goal of delivering 
one net-zero emissions integrated supply chain service by 2027. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 Per million man-hours, reflects actual hours worked. 
5 LTIF of 15.81 was disclosed in Q1 report. This number has been updated as a result of late incoming data. 
6 Energy Efficiency Operational Indicator (EEOI

--- Page 20 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.  
 
7.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
As of Q2 2023, short-term market demand remains robust despite tightening financial conditions. As vehicle 
inventories are returning to pre-pandemic levels, consumer confidence and demand for vehicles will be a key driver 
for volume in the medium term. Renewal of multi-year contracts at higher rates is expected to lend support to the 
revenue base in the years ahead. Reduction in high-paying breakbulk volumes will somewhat offset this. The 
underlying fundamentals remain strong longer term, though with higher levels of uncertainty. This is related to the 
newbuild additions to the global fleet, the macro-economic situation, and any deterioration in geopolitical dynamics. 
Overall, we expect to continue to strengthen our financial position, enabling us to deliver on our dividend policy and 
invest in our business, while delivering on our financial targets.

--- Page 21 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name  
Position  
Rune Bjerke 
Chairman 
Kerstin Margareta Alestig Johnsen 
Board member 
Yngvil Signe Eriksson Åsheim 
Board member  
Anna Elsa Felländer 
Board member 
Hans Lennart Åkervall* 
Board member 
Thomas Wilhelmsen* 
Board member 
 
* Each of the two large shareholders have respectively nominated one observer in Wallenius Wilhelmsen’s board, namely Christian 
Berg and Peter Augustsson. 
 
For all members of the Board of Directors, the business address is Strandveien 20, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. 
 
 
Rune Bjerke, Chair of the board 
Extensive career in international energy and banking corporations in Norway, most recently as CEO of DNB.  
 
Previously: CEO at Hafslund, CEO at Scancem International, advisor at the Norwegian Ministry of Petroleum and  
Energy, city commissioner of finance in the city cabinet of Oslo. 
 
On the boards of amongst other Norsk Hydro, Schibsted and Reitan Retail. 
 
Degree in economics, University of Oslo, a master’s degree in public administration, Harvard University. 
 
Kerstin Margareta Alestig Johnsen, Board member 
Extensive experience from the financial, shipping and logistics industries.  
 
Previously: CFO at Broström AB, CFO at JCE Group, Deputy Managing Director at Sjätte AP-fonden (AP6) and 
Swisslog AB. 
 
Chair of the Board in Erik Thun AB, Board member in Inission AB, Tjörns Sparbank, Svenska Fribrevsbolaget  
and Brännehylte Lagersystem AB. 
 
MBA degree, University of Örebro, Sweden. 
 
Yngvil Signe Eriksson Åsheim, Board member 
Long career in the maritime industry and currently Managing Director of BW LNG owning and operating one of the  
world’s biggest fleet of LNG carriers and floating regasification terminals (FSRUs). 
 
Previously: Various positions at the classification society DNV for a decade. Joined Höegh Fleet Services in 2002 
as EVP of Höegh Autoliners responsible for global operation and ship management. Joined BW in 2010 and has 
had different positions incl. LPG, LNG and oil tankers. 
 
On several boards, currently Director of Board at BW Ideol. 
 
Master in marine engineering, the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTNU). 
 
Anna Elsa Felländer, Board member 
One of Sweden’s leading experts on the effects of digitalization on the economy, society and businesses. Founder  
and president anch.AI, a SaaS governance platform for responsible AI. Has been engaged with responsible AI from 
a policy, academic, organizational as well as from a start-up perspective since 2016. 
 
Previously: Chief economist at Swedbank. Working for the Swedish government 10+ years in numerous positions.

--- Page 22 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
Master’s degree in macroeconomics, Stockholm School of Economic. 
 
Hans Lennart Åkervall, Board member 
Extensive experience as lead partner for a diverse portfolio of large clients across financing, manufacturing, and 
logistics. Deep insight into audit, corporate governance, M&A and the capital market.  
 
Now on board of Rederi AB Soya. 
 
Previously: CEO of KPMG Sweden, Partner in KPMG. 
 
Chartered accountant, bachelor´s degree in business and economics, University of Stockholm. 
 
Thomas Wilhelmsen, Board member 
Group CEO at Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA since 2010. Has held numerous positions in the group, including 
group vice president for shipping and regional director for Europe in Ships Service.  
 
Has also been in charge of the family’s investments in Australia. In addition to holding directorships in several 
industry related companies and organizations, he sits on the boards of many group and family-owned companies. 
 
Master of arts in business, Heriot-Watt University in Scotland. Has numerous courses from other universities 
including the program for executive leadership from IMD, Switzerland. 
 
Management 
For the members of the Management of the Company the description below sets out the names, business address 
and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer 
where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
 
Name  
Position  
Lasse Kristoffersen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Torbjørn Wist 
Chief Financial Officer 
Pia Synnerman 
Chief Customer Officer 
Wenche Agerup 
Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer 
Michael (Mike) Hynekamp 
COO Logistics Services 
Xavier Leroi 
COO Shipping Services 
Anette Maltun Koefod 
Chief Communications and Marketing Officer 
Gro Rognstad  
Chief Technology and Information Officer 
 
For all members of the Management, the business address is Strandveien 20, 1366 Lysaker, Norway. 
 
Lasse Kristoffersen, Chief Executive Officer 
Lasse Kristoffersen started as President and CEO in Wallenius Wilhelmsen on June 1st, 2022. Prior to Wallenius 
Wilhelmsen, Kristoffersen worked in Torvald Klaveness for 15 years – the last 11 years as President and CEO. 
Kristoffersen was the first company CEO from outside the Klaveness family. 
 
Kristoffersen has been very visible in the maritime industry over the recent years and a frequent speaker at various 
high-level conferences and seminars. 
 
He was the President of the Norwegian Shipowners Association from 2018 to 2020 and played a major role in 
developing their new positions and strategies on Decarbonization and Digitization. 
 
Torbjørn Wist, Chief Financial Officer 
Torbjørn Wist joined Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA as EVP & CFO on 1 October 2020. He has previously served as 
EVP & CFO in Scandinavian Airlines System, and has held several managerial positions within both the tele-
communications and financial services industries internationally. 
 
Pia Synnerman, Chief Customer Officer 
Pia Synnerman has a strong track record of driving customer value and building leading commercial teams in a 
global environment. 
 
Synnerman joined Wallenius Wilhelmsen in 2021 as Head of Sales to EMEA. She came from Ericsson where she 
has held various sales and commercial roles. She has extensive commercial experience transforming organizations 
to meet increasing demands, execute new strategies and improve performance. She has nearly 20 years of 
experience from international sales, both in Sweden, Russia and South Africa.

--- Page 23 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
Wenche Agerup, Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer 
Wenche Agerup has a broad international leadership, compliance and HR experience and joined Wallenius 
Wilhelmsen from Telenor where she has worked out of Singapore for Telenor Asia over the last couple of years. 
 
Before that she was part of the executive team with responsibility for Corporate Affairs including sustainability and 
governance. In Hydro Agerup was part of the executive team responsible for People & Organization, health, safety 
and environment amongst other things. She also worked as a plant manager for one of Hydro’s aluminum smelters 
in Norway. 
 
Michael (Mike) Hynekamp, Chief Oprating Officer Logistics Services 
Michael (Mike) Hynekamp joined Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA after approximately 10 years in Wallenius Wilhelmsen 
AS. His previous experience includes thirteen years with Mercedes Benz (Daimler AG) across various roles in 
Operations and Finance both in the US and in Europe. He started his career with Ernst & Young LLP. 
 
Xavier Leroi, Chief Oprating Officer Shipping Services 
Xavier Leroi started as EVP & COO Shipping Services in Wallenius Wilhelmsen on November 1, 2022. He is an 
international executive and managing director with more than 25 years of multicultural leadership experience across 
several continents. 
 
Anette Maltun Koefod, Chief Communications and Marketing Officer 
Anette M. Koefoed joined Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA as VP Corporate Communications in August 2021. She was 
appointed Chief Communications and Marketing Officer in March 2023 and joined the group executive management 
team. 
 
Gro Rognstad, Chief Technology and Information Officer 
Gro Rognstad took on the role as acting Chief Technology and Information Officer in March 2023 and was appointed 
to the role permanently from October 2023. She joined Wallenius Wilhelmsen in the beginning of 2022 as head of 
Global Digital Platforms. 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the Issuer by the persons 
referred to in item 8.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 24 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the share capital of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA is NOK 220,014,568, divided 
into 423,104,938 shares, with a par value of NOK 0.52 each. There is one class of shares and all shares confer the 
same rights. 
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 19 September 2023 is set out in the table below: 
 
 
 
The two main shareholders of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA are Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding AS with an ownership of 
37.8 percent, and Walleniusrederierna AB with 37.8 percent percent of the shares (the latter are held in custody 
account at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB). The Wilhelmsen family controls Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA 
through Tallyman AS, and the Wallenius Kleberg family controls Walleniusrederierna AB through Rederi AB Soya 
(Soya group). 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control in Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA.

--- Page 25 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the  
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European Union and additional disclosure 
requirements in the Norwegian Accounting Act as effective December 31, 2022. The Group's accounting policies 
are shown in the Annual Report 2022, pages 116-128. 
 
The financial statements for the parent company have been prepared and presented in accordance with simplified 
IFRS as stated by § 3-9 of the Accounting Act and the Regulations on the Simplified Application of International 
Accounting Standards established by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance on February 7, 2022.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements is incorporated by reference to the Interim Report 2Q 2023 , Interim 
Report 1Q 2023 and Annual Report 2022. See Cross Reference List for complete web addresses.  
 
Interim Report
Interim Report
Annual Report 2022
Q2 2023
Q1 2023
Page(s)
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Group
Consolidated income statement 
21
18
112
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 
22
 
19
 
112
 
Consolidated balance Sheet
 
23
 
20
 
113
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows
 
24
 
21
 
114
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
 
26-38
 
23-34
 
129-184
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Parent
Income statement  
- 
- 
190 
 
Statement of comprehensive income  
 
- 
 
- 
 
190 
 
Balance Sheet 
- 
- 
 
191 
 
Statement of cash flows 
 
- 
 
- 
 
192 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
- 
- 
 
193-213 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers AS. The audit has 
been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual Report 2022, 
pages 235-240. 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
In 2012 several jurisdictions launched an investigation into potential cartel behavior in the global car-carrier industry. 
These proceedings were to our best knowledge finalized during 2022. Other than the anti-trust cartel cases and 
civil cases following thereto, there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's 
financial position or profitability.

--- Page 26 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 27 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The below tables are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 596/2014 over 
the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state
Date
Information
05.09.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Initiation of share repurchase programme as part of its long-term 
incentive scheme; 
In accordance with the authorisation from the AGM, the maximum number of shares that can 
be repurchased is 42,310,494 shares, equivalent to 10% of the share capital of the Company. 
The share repurchase for the long-term incentive scheme will however be capped at 500,000 
shares, in line with the number of shares required for the scheme outlined in the notice of 
annual general meeting. 
18.08.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA: Partial repurchase of WALWIL03; 
In conjunction with the bond issue, the company has bought back a further NOK 76 million o 
the outstanding bond WALWIL03 (ISIN NO0010891971) in conjunction with the bond issue 
18.08.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA: Partial repurchase of WALWIL03; 
In conjunction with the bond issue, the company has bought back NOK 452 million of the 
outstanding bond WALWIL03 (ISIN NO0010891971) 
17.08.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA: Successful placement of new sustainability-linked senior 
unsecured bonds; 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA has today successfully completed the issuance of new NOK 1 
billion sustainability-linked senior unsecured bonds with a coupon of 3m NIBOR plus 3.25% 
p.a. and maturity date on 31 August 2028. 
15.08.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA: Wallenius Wilhelmsen delivers another strong quarter improving 
performance across all segments; 
Disclosure of the results of Q2 2023 
04.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen reports Q1 results - third best quarter ever; 
 
Disclosure of the results for Q1 2023 
26.04.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA: Minutes of Annual General Meeting 2023; 
The annual general meeting in Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA was held, on Wednesday, 26 April 
2023 at 13:00 (CEST). All proposals on the agenda were adopted , as per notice of the 
annual general meeting published on NewsWeb Oslo Stock Exchange on 31.03.2023. 
20.02.2023 
CORRECTION: Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Key information relating to proposed cash dividend; 
The correction relates to incorrectly writing total dividend proposal is USD 0.85 cent per 
share, the correct proposal is USD 0.85 per share. As reported in the Q4-22 results, on 7 
February 2023 the board of directors of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA decided to propose a 
dividend of USD 0.85 per share for the fiscal year 2022. The dividend will be declared in USD 
and paid in NOK in two tranches. USDNOK conversion will take place shortly before each 
payment. The dividend payment is to be resolved by the Annual General Meeting on 26 April 
2023. 
08.02.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Delivers an exceptional 2022 – strengthening the position as a leading 
shipping and logistics partner; 
 
Disclosure of the results of Q4 2022 
09.11.2022 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Allocation of shares under Long-Term Incentive Plan; 
 
On November 9, 2022, Wallenius Wilhelmsen transferred 2,864 shares to a former executive 
who has exercised options as granted under Wallenius Wilhelmsen's Long-Term Incentive 
Program (“LTI”). The purpose of the LTI program is to drive the growth and performance of 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen leading to long-term value creation and thus increased shareholder 
value. 
08.11.2022 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Ex dividend USD 0.06 tomorrow 9 November 2022; 
 
As of 9 November 2022, the shares in Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA will be traded ex dividend 
USD 0.06, declared in USD and converted to NOK resulting in a payment of NOK 0.6152. In 
2023, the company pays in total USD 0.15 per share, declared in USD and converted to NOK 
resulting in a total payment of NOK 1.44. This represents 36% of net profit for the fiscal year 
of 2021. 
02.11.2022 
Q3 2022: Strongest quarter on record 
Disclosure of the results of Q3 2022

--- Page 28 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
 
 
Non-regulatory press relases
Date
Information
22.06.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen signs a new contract with major EV manufacturer; 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen has signed a new contract with a major EV manufacturer lasting until 
the end of 2025. The contract includes both land and sea services from Asia to Europe, as 
well as from Asia to North America at rates reflecting the current strong demand and tight 
balance in the market. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual financial and audit reports
Date
Information
16.03.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen’s 2022 annual report is now available Disclosure of annual report for 
2022 
 
 
 
 
Mandatory notification of trade primary insiders
Date
Information
25.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Mandatory notification of trade; 
 
Lasse Kristoffersen, CEO of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA and a primary insider, has bought 
5000 shares at 66.00 NOK in WAWI today, 25 May 2023. 
09.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Primary insiders have been allocated shares under the long-term 
incentive program; 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen transferred 486,273 shares to current and former executives under 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen's long-term incentive program ("LTI"). The purpose of the LTI program 
is to drive the growth and performance of Wallenius Wilhelmsen leading to long-term value 
creation and thus increased shareholder value. 
05.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Mandatory notification of trade; 
Nils Holger Koefoed, a close associate of the Chief Communications and Marketing Officer 
and a primary insider Anette Maltun Koefoed, has bought 1,300 shares in WAWI today, 5 May 
2023 
04.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Mandatory notification of trade; 
Anna Felländer (board member in WAWI) bought 1 400 shares today, 4 May 2023 
04.05.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Mandatory notification of trade; 
Yngvil Åsheim (board member in WAWI) bought 4 250 shares today, 4 May 2023 
24.03.2023 
Mandatory notification of trade; 
Michael Hynekamp, a primary insider in Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA (OSE: WAWI) has sold 
shares 
20.03.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Mandatory notification of trade; 
 
Margareta Alestig (board member) bought 600 shares today, 20 March 2023. 
 
 
 
 
Acquisition or disposal of the Issuer’s own shares
Date
Information
19.09.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Share buyback programme completed; 
 
Disclosure of the Issuer’s share buyback programme 
13.09.2023 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen: Transactions made under the share buyback programme: 
Disclosure of transactions made under the share buyback programme

--- Page 29 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com. 
 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for Bonds 
to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any EEA country.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
 
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date at a price equal to: 
 
a) 
100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if no Trigger Event has occurred, or 
b) 
101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount in case a Trigger Event has occurred. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding 
of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as 
defined in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Applicable Interim SPT 
Means the Interim SPT, subject to adjustments pursuant to any Trajectory Adjustments, for 
the Target Observation Date as further outlined in Schedule 2 in the Bond Terms.  
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be offered or 
listed under the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Valid for 12 months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be 
constituted by the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final 
Terms for each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, and (ii) any 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance 
with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the 
Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance 
documents. The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of 
the Issuer or any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to

--- Page 32 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
take any steps to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is 
entitled to take such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to 
protect the rights of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance 
documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant 
currency of the Bonds settlement system is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). However, no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless  
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
 Period is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
CII 
Means carbon intensity indicator, being grams of CO2 emissions per cargo-carrying capacity 
and nautical mile and measures how effectively a ship transports cargo. The CII per vessel is 
calculated based on fuel consumption, distance travelled and (for vehicle carriers) the gross 
tonnage of the vessel. CII shall be calculated according to following cgDIST formula:  
 
 , 
where,  
a) 
Ci is the carbon emissions for voyage i, using the fuel consumption and carbon 
factor of each type of fuel;  
b) 
GT is the gross tonnage of the vessel; and  
c) 
Di is the distance travelled on voyage i.  
 
The unit is grams of CO2 per gross ton-miles (gCO2/GT-nm). 
 
 
Controlled Fleet: 
Means all vessels owned by the Group and long-term charter vessels under the Group’s 
control, where long-term charter is defined as periods of 12 months or longer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which

--- Page 33 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day 
month; or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other    
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption option 
due to a tax event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of 
the Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
 
Event of Default 
Means any of the events or circumstances specified in the Bond Terms (Events of Default). 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
External Reviewer: 
Means a qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the voluntary guidelines for external reviewers developed by the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and any other applicable guideline. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)

--- Page 34 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference 
Rate plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or 
Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment 
Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
Interim SPT: 
Means any of the targeted KPI reductions for the period 2021-2029 compared to the 2019 
baseline (with the 2030 target defined as the SPT) as outlined in Schedule 2 hereto, subject 
to adjustments pursuant to any Trajectory Adjustments 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue 
Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
The bond issue’s Joint Lead Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally 
distinct entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
KPI: 
Means the CII in the Controlled Fleet for a given time period, based on gross tonnage  
and distance travelled. 
 
 
KPI Performance 
means the actual KPI at any time for the previous twelve months period, as reported in the 
Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report and as verified by an External Reviewer, 
compared to the 2019 baseline (subject to any Trajectory Adjustments) and expressed as a 
percentage. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible 
after the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Listing Failure Event: 
Means: 
a) 
that the Bonds (save for any Temporary Tap Bonds) have not been admitted to listing 
on an Exchange within 6 months following the Issue Date,  
 
b) 
in the case of a successful admission to listing, that a period of six (6) months has 
elapsed since the Bonds ceased to be admitted to listing on an Exchange; or  
 
c) 
that the Temporary Tap Bonds have not been admitted to listing on the Exchange 
where the other Bonds are listed within 6 months following the issue date for such 
Temporary Bonds. 
 
The Issuer shall promptly inform the Bond Trustee in writing if a Listing Failure Event has 
occurred. However, no Event of Default shall occur if the Issuer fails (i) to list the Bonds in 
accordance with Clause 4 (Admission to Listing) in the Bond Terms or (ii) to inform of such 
Listing Failure Event, and such failure shall result in the accrual of default interest in accordance 
with paragraph (c) of Clause 8.2 (Default interest) in the Bond Terms for as long as such Listing 
Failure Event is continuing.

--- Page 35 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with 
the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to: 
 
a) 
100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if no Trigger Event has occurred; or 
 
b) 
101.50 per cent. of the Nominal Amount in case a Trigger Event has occurred. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final 
Terms, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the 
past and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions 
will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates.

--- Page 36 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the 
Norwegian Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be 
used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
SPT: 
Means the Group’s sustainability performance target, being the Group’s targeted reduction in 
carbon intensity from its shipping operations with 27.5 per cent. by 2030 compared to the 2019 
baseline, as calculated by the KPI. 
 
 
Sustainability Linked 
Finance Framework: 
Means the Issuer’s Sustainability Linked Finance Framework adopted by the Issuer in 
January 2022 establishing the Issuer’s sustainability strategy priorities and goals with respect 
to its KPI Performance. Available on: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com/storage/downloads/220201-Sustainability-Linked-
Financing-Framework.pdf 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Progress 
Report 
Means the Issuer’s status report, either as a separate document or as part of other company 
reports, including the KPI Performance for the relevant time period and all relevant 
information needed to assess the KPI Performance compared to the applicable level set out 
in the Trajectory. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until five banking days before the Maturity Date or any earlier date when 
the Bonds have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the 
aggregate nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Target Observation 
Date: 
Means 31 December 2027. 
 
 
Tax Event Repayment 
Date: 
Means the date set out in a notice from the Issuer to the Bondholders pursuant to Clause 
10.2 (Early redemption option due to a tax event) in the Bond Terms 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Trajectory: 
Means the Group’s Interim SPTs and SPT until 2030 as outlined in Schedule 2 in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
 
Trajectory Adjustments: 
Means changes to the 2019 baseline (in reference to paragraph (a), (b), and/or (c) below) 
and/or Trajectory (in reference to paragraph (c)) either due to: 
 
a) 
changes to the calculation methodology for the KPI, for example (but not limited to) 
changes in IMO’s CII definition and relevant input factors; 
 
b) 
significant changes in data due to better data accessibility; or  
 
c) 
a fleet sale or purchase of 10 or more vessels in one transaction or a group of related 
transactions such as, but not limited to, transactions in the form of sale, purchase, 
merger, acquisition, spin-off of vessels or of companies. Such transactions may 
require a recalculation or pro forma adjustment of the Trajectory (with adjustments to 
the 2019 baseline when applicable). 
 
All recalculations or pro forma adjustments will have to be verified and approved by an

--- Page 37 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
External Reviewer. 
 
 
Trigger Event: 
Means that:  
a) 
the KPI Performance is higher (i.e. less reduction) than the Applicable Interim SPT 
on the Target Observation Date; or 
 
b) 
the Issuer has failed to provide and made public annual Sustainability-Linked 
Finance Progress Reports within 120 calendar days after the end of each financial 
year (with first reporting after the financial year 2023); or 
 
c) 
any KPI Performance included in the Sustainability-Linked Finance Progress Report 
              published by the Issuer in accordance with paragraph (b) above was not subject to  
              Verification. 
  
 
Verification: 
Means, for any relevant period, any verification by the External Reviewer of the KPI 
Performance and compare this to the relevant Interim SPT in the Trajectory as set out  
in Schedule 2 under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Forening for finansfag in March 2022: 
https://finansfag.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Rentekonvensjon_oppdatert2022.pdf 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of 
the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
Use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com  or on the Issuer's visit address, Strandveien 20, 1366 
Lysaker, Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law.

--- Page 38 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 98,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves. 
 
Further information about status of the bonds and security will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue.

--- Page 39 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated.  
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Annex 2. 
 
13.8 ESG 
The Issuer established a Sustainability Linked Finance Framework in January 2022 setting out the Issuer’s 
sustainability strategy priorities and goals, in particular with respect to its KPI Performance (see 13.8.1 below). By 
establishing the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, we wish to invite financial partners who share our 
commitment to align their investments with our carbon emission reduction strategy and positively influence the 
further development of sustainable financial markets. 
 
This Framework has been developed in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (SLBP), 
established by the International Capital Markets Association in June 2020 and the Sustainability Linked Loan

--- Page 40 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
Principles (SLLP) updated by the Loan Market Association, the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and the Loan 
Syndications and Trading Association in May 2021.  
 
The Issuer has set the following 3 critical milestones to enable us to reach our carbon ambitions: 
- 
by 2023 all new equipment at terminals and yards be zero-emissions 
- 
by 2025 all owned vessels equipped for zero-emissions as berth 
- 
100% of our energy from sustainable sources by 2050 
 
The Sustainability-Linked Finance Framework is available at 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com/storage/downloads/220201-Sustainability-Linked-Financing-Framework.pdf 
13.8.1 Key Performance Indicator (KPI) 
We have chosen CO2 emissions from Shipping as the basis for our KPI to measure our carbon footprint. The KPI 
is aligned with our company target and focuses on our Shipping segment as this accounts for approximately 99 per 
cent of the group’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 emissions (2020)*. Moreover, we have chosen a CO2 intensity, rather 
than absolute emissions. With an intensity target we will be able to monitor and manage our performance over time, 
where a target for reductions of absolute CO2 emissions would lead to problems of comparability over the years. 
As for the 2030 target in the initial IMO 2030 strategy, our target is specific to CO2 intensity and excludes other 
greenhouse gases. 
 
To align with the new IMO emission requirements entering into force 2023 and IMO’s mandatory fuel oil data 
collection system (“IMO DCS”; see Factbox on page 13 in the Sustainability-linked Financing Framework), the 
chosen KPI for the Framework is the fleet weighted average carbon intensity, measured by the Carbon Intensity 
Indicator (CII). The weighted average is based on gross tonnage and distance travelled, in other words transport 
work.  
 
We have decided to include all owned vessels and long-term charter vessels under WalWil’s control (the “Controlled 
fleet”). Vessels on short-term charter with typical contract duration less than 12 months are not included since these 
vessels are not material to our total emissions. Short-term charter has historically amounted to less than 10% of the 
vessels in operation and the average contract duration for WalWil’s short-term charter vessels is about three (3) 
months (2017-2020). We have limited ability to influence how the short-term charter vessels are operated, or ability 
to influence, monitor and control their annual emission levels. The exact number of vessels is dynamic as the fleet 
will develop over time. For Q3-21 our total fleet included 129 vessels, whereof 119 owned and on long-term charter.  
 
The way the Framework KPI is defined differs slightly from how the corporate carbon intensity target is measured, 
however both contribute to reduce carbon intensity by 2030. The key reasons for the differences are related to data  
collection and availability of information as of today: the KPI better matches IMO-DCS reporting for which we already 
report externally verified vessel fuel consumption data and there are currently no existing global standards to  
calculate well-to-wake emissions for existing and future fuels. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* In 2020, total Scope 1 CO2e emissions from shipping were 3,764,260 tonnes, whilst logistics has 8,322 Scope 1 
emissions and 6,166 tonnes Scope 2 emissions.

--- Page 41 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
 
 
 
KPI calculation methodology 
The KPI will be calculated as the average CII of the vessels in the Controlled Fleet for a given time period. The CII 
per vessel is calculated based on fuel consumption, distance travelled and (for vehicle carriers) the gross tonnage  
of the vessel, according to the following cgDIST formula: 
 
 
 
Ci is the carbon emissions for voyage i, using the fuel consumption and carbon factor of each type of fuel 
 
GT is the gross tonnage of the vessel  
 
Di is the distance travelled on voyage i. 
 
The unit is grams of CO2 per gross ton-miles (gCO2/GT-nm). 
 
 
13.8.2 Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets (SPTs)  
WalWil’s Sustainability Performance Target (SPT) is to reduce CO2 intensity from our shipping operations with 
27.5% by 2030 compared to the base year 2019, as per the defined KPI.  
 
For 2019 and 2020, the KPI data reflect the average CII for the Controlled fleet based on data as reported to IMO 
DCS, which has been subject to external assurance by the organization authorized by each ship’s flag 
administration.  
 
Historical data from 2008 to 2019 is estimated based on indexation using historically reported Energy Efficiency 
Operational Indicator (“EEOI”). The reductions from 2008 have been achieved through many initiatives such as 
increased vessels size, a large fleet replacement program around 2010, reduced average speed by 5%, improved 
vessel utilization and operational efficiency, engine upgrades, intensified hull cleaning and retrofit of bulbous bows. 
The data has not been subject to external assurance and may contain some inherent uncertainties. 
 
The SPT has been established to guide our decarbonization efforts in line with current climate science and the Paris 
Agreement. The SPT is ambitious and represent a material improvement beyond “business as usual”: We are 
aiming for more than a 50% reduction in our CO2 intensity from 2008 to 2030 and we will indeed exceed our IMO 
2030 obligation of a 40% reduction in CO2 intensity across international shipping from 2008-2030.  
 
The Trajectory consists of annual targets (per December 31st of each year) of which one or several could be 
designated as Interim SPTs in the security documentation of a financial instrument. An Interim SPT is defined as a 
target linked to a Trigger Event. 
 
Mid-year targets may be calculated using linear interpolation between the annual levels in the Trajectory.

--- Page 42 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
Strategy to achive the SPT 
Carbon emission reduction is integrated into our overall business strategy and long-term planning. Our work to 
reach 
the 
SPT 
in 
2030 
includes 
technical, 
operational 
and 
asset 
replacement 
initiatives:
  
 
13.8.3 Security Characteristics 
The financial and structural characteristics of any security issued under the Framework will be specified in its 
corresponding security documentation, including the potential changes to the financial and/or structural 
characteristics which may follow post any Trigger Event(s). 
 
Trigger Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events (the Trigger Events) may trigger a change in the financial and/or 
structural characteristic of the relevant security.  
 
 
WalWiI’s KPI performance in relation to the applicable Interim SPT(s) (or the SPT) for the relevant 
Target Observation Date(s) as reported on or before the Reporting End Date following the applicable 
Reference Period, or 
 
 
WalWiI’s reporting does not meet the requirements as set out in section 4 (Reporting) of the Framework 
each year up until and including the last Target Observation Date, or 
 
 
The verification of the KPI performance in accordance with section 5 (Verification) of the Framework has 
not been provided and, when applicable, made public by the time of the Reporting End Date for each 
year up until and including the last Target Observation Date. 
 
The Target Observation Date is defined as any date when KPI performance is observed and if applicable 
measured against a relevant target or an Interim SPT (or the SPT). 
 
The Reporting End Date for any given year shall be the date falling 120 days after the 31st of December of that 
year (or if relevant, 120 days after a midyear Interim SPT). 
 
The Reference Period sets out the twelve-month period up until and including the Target Observation Date for 
which the KPI performance is observed.  
 
Further details regarding Trigger Events and the potential impact on the financial and/or structural characteristics 
of any relevant security will be described in the respective security documentation (Final Terms). 
 
Changes in Securities Characteristics 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event may result in changes to the financial and/or structural securities 
characteristics. Such changes will be described in the relevant securities documentation (Final Terms).

--- Page 43 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
13.8.4 Reporting  
WalWil will provide relevant periodic reporting to investors, lenders and other stakeholders about WalWil’s 
implementation of our sustainability strategy in general, the progress made on the KPI, and the level of target 
achievements (including relevant Interim SPT(s) and/or the SPT) as outlined by the Trajectory set out in this 
Framework and in security specific documentation. The reporting shall be made publicly available on an annual 
basis and in any case for any date/period relevant for assessing the KPI performance leading to a potential 
adjustment of the financial and/or structural characteristics of the securities issued hereunder.  
 
The reporting shall be published on the company webpage no later than the Reporting End Date for any given year 
at least up to and including any final Target Observation Date(s) and shall be accompanied by a verification (as set 
out under section 13.8.5 “Verification”). 
 
The reporting (together with the verification) will form the basis for evaluating the potential impact on the security 
characteristics as outlined in section 13.8.3 “Security characteristics”.  
 
Failure to provide the ex-post reporting before any applicable Reporting End Date shall result in a Trigger event 
with a potential adjustment in the financial and/or structural characteristics as outlined in the security specific  
documentation. 
 
The reporting will contain all the relevant information needed to assess the progress towards the targets in the 
Trajectory (including the relevant Interim SPT(s) and the SPT for the applicable Target Observation Date(s)) 
including but not limited to: 
 
 
The performance of the KPI, as per the relevant Reference Period and the applicable Target Observation 
Date(s) including the calculation methodology and baselines where relevant; 
 
 
Information about recalculations, if any, of the KPI levels; 
 
 
A verification report relative to the KPI performance against the relevant target and/or or Interim SPT or 
the SPT in the Trajectory; and 
 
 
Information on relevant updates to WalWil’s emission reduction strategy and/or governance with an impact 
on the KPI and Trajectory. 
 
 
13.8.5 Verification  
In order to provide transparency to investors, lenders and other stakeholders, and in alignment with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles and the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, WalWil will ensure an external 
and independent verification by one or more qualified external reviewers with relevant expertise, as outlined in the 
Guidelines for Green, Social, Sustainability and Sustainability-Linked Bonds External Reviews developed by the 
Green and Social Bond Principles (Established by the International Capital Markets Association in February 2021), 
of its actual KPI performance level against the targets (including the relevant Interim SPT(s) and/or the SPT) in the 
Trajectory).  
 
The verification shall be conducted with limited assurance by the external reviewer. WalWil has the discretion to 
change the external reviewer subject to fulfilling the requirements set out herein. The verification shall be made 
public together with WalWil’s annual reporting on the company’s webpage no later than the Reporting End Date 
and in any case for an Interim SPT or the SPT related Trigger Event. The verification, together with the reporting, 
will form the basis for evaluating any change in the financial and/or structural characteristics of any securities issued 
under this Framework. Failure to provide the ex-post verification before any applicable Reporting End Date shall 
result in an automatic adjustment in the financial and/or structural characteristics as outlined in the security specific 
documentation (Final Terms).

--- Page 44 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
14 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly available for 
a fee 
Name of third 
party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the Company 
Clause 6.1.1 source: 
A leading player for the 
RoRo shipping 
https://www.clarksons.
com/ 
Clarksons  
Clarkson 
Research 
Services 
Limited , 
Commodity 
Quay, St 
Katharine 
Docks, 
London, E1W 
1BF, United 
Kingdom 
Transcript 
/statistics 
None

--- Page 45 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
 
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Prospectus
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.c
om/storage/images/2022-
wallenius-wilhelmsen-annual-
report.pdf 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA’s consolidated accounting 
policies, pages 116-128 
 
 
Annual Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.c
om/storage/images/2022-
wallenius-wilhelmsen-annual-
report.pdf 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated income statement page 112 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, page 
112 
Conolidated balance sheet, page 113 
Consolidated statement of cash flows page 114 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 129-
184 
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Parent 
Income statement page 190 
Statement of comprehensive income, page 190 
Balance sheet, page 191 
Statement of cash flows page 192 
Notes to the financial statements pages 193-213 
 
Interim Report Q1 2023, available 
at: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.c
om/storage/images/Q1-2023-
quarterly-report.pdf 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated income statement page 18 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, page 
19 
Conolidated balance sheet, page 20 
Consolidated statement of cash flows page 21 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 23-
34
 
Interim Report Q2 2023, available 
at: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.c
om/storage/images/Q2-2023-
quarterly-report-Wallenius-
Wilhelmsen.pdf 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated income statement page 21 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, page 
22 
Conolidated balance sheet, page 23 
Consolidated statement of cash flows page 24 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 26-
38
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2022, available at: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.c
om/storage/images/2022-
wallenius-wilhelmsen-annual-
report.pdf 
Auditors report pages 235-240 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
Joint Lead Managers’ disclaimer 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Norwegian Branch, DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Apb, filial i Norge and 
SpareBank 1 Markets, the Joint Lead Managers, have assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. 
The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and the Joint Lead Managers expressly disclaim any legal 
or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA. 
The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Company. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its 
affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 26 October 2023 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
      Danske Bank, Norwegina Branch    DNB Bank ASA     Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge     SpareBank 1 Markets 
 
(www.danskebank.no) 
       (www.dnb.no) 
(www.nordea.no)  
   (www.spb1markets.no)

--- Page 47 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Wallenius Wilhelmsen 
ASA 
 
Article 1 – Name 
The name of the company is Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA. The company is a public limited liability company. 
 
Article 2 – Registered Address 
The company has its registered address in the municipality of Bærum. 
 
Article 3 – Business Activities 
The objective of the company is to engage in shipping, maritime services, aviation, industry, commerce, finance 
business, brokerage, agencies and forwarding, to own or manage real estate, and to run business related thereto 
or associated therewith. This may take place in a direct manner, or in an indirect manner by way of guarantee, 
share subscription, or in other ways. 
 
Article 4 – Share capital 
The share capital shall be NOK 220,014,568, divided into 423,104,938 shares, with a par value of NOK 0.52 each. 
 
Article 5 – Board of Directors 
The company's Board of Directors shall consist of between 3 and 9 shareholder elected members and up to 3 
deputy members. It chooses its own chairman. 
 
Article 6 – Signature 
The Chair of the Board of Directors, acting singly, or any two Directors, acting jointly, shall be authorised to sign on 
behalf of the company. 
 
Article 7 – General Meeting 
The following matters are to be dealt with and decided on at the Annual General Meeting: 
 
 
Adoption of the annual report and accounts, including the consolidated accounts and the distribution of 
dividend. 
 
Adoption of the Auditor's remuneration. 
 
Determination of the remuneration for Board members and Deputy board members. 
 
Election of members and deputy members to the Board, and election of the auditors (if they are up for 
election). 
 
Any other matters that belong under the Annual General Meeting by law or according to the Articles of 
Association. 
 
Shareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting must give the company notice of this in advance. Such 
notice must be received by the company no later than two working days prior to the general meeting. The board 
may, however, before the notice to the general meeting has been sent, set a later deadline for such notice. 
 
It is not necessary to forward to the shareholders documents relating to matters to be deliberated by the General 
Meeting, hereunder documents required by statute to be included in, or appended to, the notice of the General 
Meeting, provided that such documents are available on the website of the company. A shareholder may 
nevertheless request that documents relating to matters to be deliberated by the General Meeting are forwarded to 
him or her. 
 
Shareholders are able to vote through electronic communication in a period prior to the general meeting. The Board 
of directors can stipulate guidelines for such advance voting. It must be stated in the notice of general meeting 
which guidelines have been set. 
 
Article 8 – Nomination Committee 
The company shall have a Nomination Committee consisting of 3 members elected by the General Meeting. Any 
shareholder with more than 20 % of the share capital of the company shall be entitled to elect one member of the 
nomination committee, but with the chairman always being independent of any such major shareholder. 
 
The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent of the Board of Directors and the 
general management. 
 
The Nomination Committee shall recommend candidates to the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee, 
and remuneration of the Board of Directors, the Auditor Committee and members of the Nomination Committee. 
The Nomination Committee’s recommendations shall be well-grounded. 
 
Members of the Nomination Committee are elected for a term of two years at a time.

--- Page 48 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
 
 
25.04.2018 
26.04.2022 
26.04.2023

--- Page 49 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, 26 October 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 50 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[ISIN] 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, [Date]

--- Page 51 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate 
distribution 
channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently

--- Page 52 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 26 October 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website http://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Strandveien 20, 1366 
Lysaker, Norway., or their successor (s).

--- Page 53 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA, Strandveien 20, 1366 Lysaker, 
Norway. Telephone +47 67 58 40 00. 
Registration number 995 216 604 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry.  
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 549300NBN0URT3RA3Y54. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 26 October 2023. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
Who is the issuer of the securities
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
The Wallenius Wilhelmsen group is a market leader in roll-on/roll-
off (RoRo) shipping and vehicle logistics, managing the 
distribution of cars, trucks, rolling equipment and breakbulk to 
customers all over the world. The company operates around 125 
vessels servicing 15 trade routes to six continents, a global inland 
distribution network, 66 processing centers and eight marine 
terminals. Headquartered in Oslo, Norway, the Wallenius 
Wilhelmsen group has 8,875 employees in 29 countries 
worldwide.

--- Page 54 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
 
Major shareholders 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 19 September 2023 is set out in the table below: 
 
 
 
The two main shareholders of Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA are Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding AS with an ownership of 
37.8 percent, and Walleniusrederierna AB with 37.8 percent percent of the shares. (the latter are held in custody 
account at Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB).  The Wilhelmsen family controls Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA 
through Tallyman AS, and the Wallenius Kleberg family controls Walleniusrederierna AB through Rederi AB Soya 
(Soya group). 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
 
Name  
Position  
Lasse Kristoffersen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Torbjørn Wist 
Chief Financial Officer 
Pia Synnerman 
Chief Customer Officer 
Wenche Agerup 
Chief People and Corporate Affairs Officer 
Michael (Mike) Hynekamp 
COO Logistics Services 
Xavier Leroi 
COO Shipping Services 
Anette Maltun Koefod 
Chief Communications and Marketing Officer 
Gro Rognstad  
Chief Technology and Information Officer 
 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer
 
Key financial information

--- Page 55 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA Consolidated 
 
Amounts in USD million 
Interim Report 
Q2 2023
Interim Report 
Q1 2023
Annual Report 
2022
Operating profit 
477 
398 
1,548 
Net interest-bearing debt 
(taking into account all interest-bearing 
debt)
2,457 
2,490 
2,872 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
396 
469 
1,297 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
(474) 
(224) 
(729) 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(15) 
(22) 
(62) 
 
 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA  
 
Amounts in USD million 
Annual Report 2022 
Operating profit 
(23) 
Net interest-bearing debt 
((taking into account all interest-bearing debt) 
508 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
(50) 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
101 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
(30) 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2022. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
 
The Group’s performance and growth depends heavily 
on the demand for deep-sea transportation of cars, high 
and heavy machinery and break-bulk cargo, including US 
governmental cargo, supply of vessels built and old 
vessels recycled, converted to other uses or lost, as well 
as government and industry regulation of maritime 
transportation.  
 
 
The operating entities WW Ocean and EUKOR have 
been part of authority anti-trust investigations in several 
jurisdictions since 2012. These proceedings are now 
resolved. Some related civil claims are still pending, and 
the timeline for full and final resolution of these claims is 
uncertain. As per the second quarter of 2023, no 
provisions are set aside for anti-trust claims. 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements
Disclosure
What are the main features of the securities
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●]
Currency for the bond issue
[●]
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●]
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]

--- Page 56 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely 
affect the value of securities linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, 
(including NIBOR) are subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. No guarantees 
can be made as to the continuance of the current underlying 
reference rate of the Bonds and the possible consequences a 
potential discontinuance of NIBOR may have of the value of the 
Bonds. 
 
Risk of being unable to repay the Bonds 
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Company will be required to 
make payments on the Bonds. The Company is dependent upon 
its and its subsidiaries’ ability to generate cash flow from 
operations and to make distributions to the Company in order for 
the Company to make scheduled payments on the indebtedness, 
including the Bonds. 
 
The future financial performance of the Group will be affected by a 
range of economic, competitive, governmental, operating and 
other business factors, many of which cannot be controlled, such 
as general economic and financial conditions in the business or 
the economy at large. 
 
If the Group is unable to service its indebtedness, it will be forced 
to adopt an alternative strategy that may include actions such as 
reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, 
restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking equity 
capital. The Group cannot assure investors that any of these 
alternative strategies could be affected on satisfactory terms, if at 
all, or that they would yield sufficient funds to make required 
payments on the Bonds and the Group’s other indebtedness.  
 
 
The Bonds are effectively subordinated to the secured debt 
of the Company 
The Bonds will be the Company’s direct senior unsecured 
obligations and will rank equal in right of payment (except as to 
claims preferred by operation of law) with all of its other existing 
and future senior indebtedness. The Bonds will be effectively 
subordinated to all of the Company’s existing and future secured 
indebtedness to the extent of the assets securing such 
indebtedness. 
 
 
The Bonds will be unsecured obligations and are structurally 
subordinated to the liabilities of any of the Company’s 
subsidiaries 
Generally, creditors under indebtedness and trade creditors of the 
Company’s subsidiaries will be entitled to payments of their claims 
from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets are 
made available for distribution to the Company, as a direct or 
indirect shareholder.

--- Page 57 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to trading, 
please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 58 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally:
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA registered in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry with registration number 995 216 604. The Company’s LEI code 
is 549300NBN0URT3RA3Y54. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
 
Outstanding Amount: 
[Currency]   
 [Outstanding Amount]  
 
 
 
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
 
Interest Rate:
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)]

--- Page 59 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption:
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date]

--- Page 60 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
[Not applicable: N/A] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
[Not applicable: N/A] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
Obligations:
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.7. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing:
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
External party 
Cost 
The Norwegian FSA 
NOK [•] 
The stock exchange 
NOK [•] 
The Bond Trustee 
NOK [•] (annual fee) 
The Joint Lead Managers 
NOK [•] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 61 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
Status and security of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.walleniuswilhelmsen.com 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
[LEI for Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Bond Trustee is [name of the Bond Trustee] 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 98,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 62 ---
Wallenius Wilhelmsen ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]