--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2024 
 
WERFEN, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Euro 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Werfen, S.A. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
will not at any time exceed Euro 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with, and includes the information 
required by, Annexes 7 and 15 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of 
the quality of any Notes that are the subject of the Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the issue of Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
approval by the Central Bank of Ireland of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
(as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued 
by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the 
Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global 
note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated 
in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding 
of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global 
Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been (i) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”) and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or certified under the Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 17 April 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of Werfen (www.werfen.com) and on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. Copies of all documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of Werfen (www.werfen.com) and may be obtained, without charge on request, at the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CAIXABANK 
HSBC

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that to the 
best of its knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) and, each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) 
of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arrangers (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “EU MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which will determine if the channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in EU MiFID II in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer is not an EU MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook, as amended (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
“SFA”). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant 
persons” in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 
309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
or the Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately 
verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
the Arrangers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should make their own assessment of the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Werfen Group during the 
life of the provisions contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to 
certain reference rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) does not appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the administrator of €STR does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the 
meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) or any other section of 
this Base Prospectus.  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended, and references to “U.S.$” are to the U.S. dollar, the official currency of the United States 
of America. 
References to the “Werfen Group” or “Werfen” are to the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries.

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
GENERAL 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €2,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions 
of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current 
expectations and projections about its future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the market in which it operates. The 
Issuer has tried to identify these and other forward-looking statements by using words such as “may”, “could”, 
“will”, “would”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “guidance”, “project”, “future”, 
“potential”, “believe”, “seek”, “plan”, “aim”, “expect”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”, “strategy”, “target”, 
“continue” and similar expressions or their negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous 
assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present and future business and the environment in which it expects to 
operate in the future. Forward-looking statements may be found in the sections of this Prospectus entitled “Risk 
Factors” and “Description of the Issuer and the Business” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Werfen Group, and the development of the markets and the industries 
in which members of the Werfen Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested 
by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Werfen Group’s 
results of operations and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the 
Werfen Group operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, 
those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number 
of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................................... 8 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..............................................................................................37 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................................39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................40 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...............................81 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE BUSINESS ......................................................................................88 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................. 111 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................. 116 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .....................................................................................................................................123 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF THE ISSUER .....................................................................................139 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................................142

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions shall have the same meanings 
in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Conditions, in which event (in the case of Notes admitted to trading only) a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
Issuer: 
Werfen, S.A. (“Werfen”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
9598003BHZ02SG7LKD16 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., BNP Paribas, 
CaixaBank, S.A. and HSBC Continental Europe. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the Arrangers, the persons listed 
above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and to “Dealers” 
are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Euro 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit 
may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement dated 
17  April 2024 between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more Issue Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue 
Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche will be completed in 
the final terms (the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that (i) in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the EEA or offered to the public in a EEA state in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).  
Status of the Notes: 
The payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes will 
constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under Article 
281.1 of the Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por 
el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal (the 
“Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provision which replaces 
it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions) 
will qualify as ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) as defined 
in the Insolvency Law and will rank (i) below claims against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and claims with 
special privilege (créditos con privilegio especial) or general 
privilege (créditos con privilegio general); (ii) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer, present and future; and (iii) above subordinated claims 
and the rights of shareholders. See Condition 3 (Status). 
Events of Default 
(including cross default): 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
provided in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options),

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at an 
amount which, unless otherwise provided, should be its nominal 
amount. Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a 
maturity of less than one (1) year from their date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must have 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and 
“Residual Maturity Call Option” and “Substantial Purchase 
Event” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Tax Reasons)). 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time 
to time, prior to their Maturity Date at their Optional Redemption 
Amount, which shall be the Make Whole Redemption Price. The 
Make Whole Redemption Price will be the greater of (x) 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus 
a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, 
at any time as from the call option date, which shall be no earlier 
than three (3) months before the Maturity Date of Notes having 
a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six (6) months before 
the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more 
than ten years. 
Substantial Purchase Event: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the event that 25 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
amount of a particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, the 
Issuer may have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the outstanding Notes in that Series at their Substantial Purchase 
Event Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption.  
Redemption or Purchase at the option 
of the Noteholder following a Change 
of Control Put Event:  
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, in the event of a Change of Control 
Put Event, each Noteholder will have the right to request the 
Issuer to redeem, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all or part of its Notes as set out in Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption or Purchase at the option of Noteholders following 
a Change of Control Put Event). 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders: 
Unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption as 
set out in Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom 
of Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall (subject to the exceptions provided 
in Condition 8 (Taxation) and as described below) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain 
exceptions. See Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Interest Periods and Rates of Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or 
 
(ii) by reference to €STR or EURIBOR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin 
and subject to the benchmark discontinuation provisions set 
out in Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and 
Condition 5(e) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event).  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest) in respect 
of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and 
based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Ratings Step-Up/Step Down 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to 
adjustment from time to time in the event, inter alia, of a Step-
Up Rating Change or a Step-Down Rating Change as specified 
in the Conditions. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of 
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global 
Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date 
or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “―Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will 
be represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes 
will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes 
that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”.

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered 
Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by English law save that Condition 3 (Status) is 
governed by Spanish law. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to admit them to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or as otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing 
shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted.  
No Offer to the Public: 
The Notes shall not be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the EEA or in the UK. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final 
Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in the EEA will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the website of Werfen 
(www.werfen.com) and copies may be obtained on request 
without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. The Final 
Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered or

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Use of proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the 
Issuer’s general corporate purposes. If in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks highlighted 
below could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, financial condition or prospects of the Issuer, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the amount of principal and interest which investors will 
receive in respect of the Notes. In addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading 
price of the Notes or the rights of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their 
investment. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein (as further described in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
below), and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. The Issuer has described only those risks 
relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional risks that it currently considers 
not to be material or of which is not currently aware, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In each category below the Issuer sets out first 
the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and 
the probability of their occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk 
factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
(I) FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
1. Risks relating to competition and customer consolidation 
Werfen faces significant competition, and its failure to compete effectively could adversely affect its sales and 
results of operations 
The markets in which Werfen operates are rapidly evolving, and developments are expected to continue at a rapid 
pace. Competition in these markets is intense and expected to increase as new products, services and technologies 
become available and as new competitors enter the market. Werfen faces competition from diagnostics and medical 
devices divisions of large multinational healthcare companies and conglomerates. Some of Werfen’s existing or 
potential competitors have substantially greater research and development capabilities, clinical, manufacturing, 
regulatory and marketing experience and financial and managerial resources than Werfen does. Some of these 
competitors are divisions or subsidiaries of corporations with substantial resources and may be more successful in 
promoting their offering, brand and image in the market than Werfen does. 
Werfen’s ability to compete successfully may be adversely affected by a number of factors, such as (i) the 
introduction of new products, services or product and services improvements or enhancements by competitors, 
including those that could substitute Werfen’s products or services; (ii) customers’ perceptions of the comparative 
quality of Werfen’s competitors’ products or services; (iii) a failure to successfully maintain Werfen’s presence in 
existing markets or enter new geographic or adjacent product markets and any inability to obtain and maintain 
regulatory approvals for products as quickly and effectively as Werfen’s competitors; (iv) government policies aimed 
at, or having the effect of, supporting increased local competition and/or preventing Werfen from competing in the 
respective market and pricing pressure resulting from consolidation among customers or competitors; and (v) 
competitive pricing by Werfen’s competitors.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
Increased competition and potential new entrants in the sectors in which Werfen operates may result in lower prices 
and volumes, higher costs for resources and lower profitability for Werfen. In addition, some of Werfen’s competitors 
may not be subject to the same standards, regulatory and other legal requirements or enforcement rigour to which 
Werfen is subject or may not maintain the same internal standards Werfen does, and therefore, may have a 
competitive advantage in developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services. Moreover, some of 
Werfen’s smaller competitors could be acquired by larger companies with greater resources than Werfen, which 
could enable them to compete more aggressively. Werfen’s competitors could also acquire some of Werfen’s 
suppliers or distributors, which could disrupt Werfen’s supply or distribution arrangements and result in less 
predictable and reduced revenue in Werfen’s businesses.  
Any of these competitive factors could negatively affect Werfen’s pricing, margins and market share and could have 
a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Pressures on costs and prices may negatively impact profit margins 
As a result of competition and improvement of testing technologies, prices for the testing of blood or bodily fluid do 
and can fall, which, in turn, could exert downward pressure by Werfen’s customers on the price of Werfen’s In Vitro 
Diagnostics (“IVD”) analysers, reagents, controls, services and data management systems. It is impossible to rule 
out further significant price reductions in the market for IVD testing or other of Werfen’s markets.  
Furthermore, any disruptions in Werfen’s supply chain may also negatively impact Werfen’s profit margins. For 
example, in 2022, Werfen was significantly impacted by the supply chain disruptions and higher costs generated by 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the global economic environment generally (See “(I) Factors that may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes—2. Risks relating to the economy and the sector in which 
Werfen operates—Werfen is impacted by the general economic environment and a continuing weak global economic 
growth may negatively impact Werfen”). As a result, Werfen’s costs increased and could increase further due to 
higher expenses for personnel, materials and other supplies/resources and therefore, there can be no certainty that 
Werfen will be able to maintain its profit margins at current levels or at all.  
A sustained erosion of Werfen’s margins as a result of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on 
Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Consolidation among Werfen’s customers could adversely affect sales of Werfen’s products, systems and services 
Werfen has seen and may continue to see consolidation among its customers as hospitals, laboratory system groups 
or testing centres, as well as clinics and healthcare providers combine through mergers and acquisitions, join group 
purchasing organisations or otherwise collectively address markets. In addition, Werfen has seen and may continue 
to see integration of equipment and information systems among hospitals as they consolidate their networks. Such 
consolidation and integration may increase or accelerate in the future. As customers consolidate and/or integrate, the 
number and volume of product sales to these customers may decrease and their purchasing power and pricing 
leverage may increase, resulting in increasing pressure on prices and, in turn, margins. Purchasing power and pricing 
leverage may also increase as customers become more educated and connected through the increasing use of digital 
platforms.  
Alternatively, order size may increase, as what were previously multiple individual customers combine orders as one 
entity, or as groups of organisations combine their purchases. As a result, as orders increase in size and require more 
customer approvals, the purchasing cycle for Werfen’s products could lengthen and the impact could increase if 
competitors succeed in securing such orders. Increased order size, fewer purchasing instances and extended 
purchasing cycles could cause Werfen’s order volumes to be more volatile and less predictable as well as increase 
its counterparty risk vis-à-vis its customers.

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
Any decrease in orders or increase in pricing pressure due to the consolidation or integration of customers could 
negatively impact revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations or prospects. 
2. Risks relating to the economy and the sector in which Werfen operates 
Werfen is impacted by the general economic environment and a continuing weak global economic growth may 
negatively impact Werfen  
Werfen is impacted by the uncertainty affecting the global economy and the markets in which Werfen operates.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the global growth outlook remains marked by extreme uncertainty. Current 
risk factors mainly result from the fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic, the heightened geopolitical tensions 
following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or the ongoing military conflict in Israel and Gaza, which have exacerbated 
inflationary pressures, slowed overall economic growth, created supply chain bottlenecks and increased volatility in 
commodity and financial markets. 
Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022, economies around the world, including 
the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, announced the imposition of comprehensive trade 
sanctions targeting Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions, as well as the countersanctions 
imposed by Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading volumes between these economies and Russia, 
which has led to increased commodity prices on global markets. Moreover, a growing strategic competition between 
the U.S. and China appears to continue, threatening a decoupling between the two economies. This would have 
ramifications for global growth affecting investment and the demand for capital goods. As Werfen operates across 
the world and has important operations in the U.S., China and Russia, any economic or political tensions involving 
these countries could adversely affect Werfen’s business.  
While Werfen operates mainly in the IVD market, which is relatively less cyclical and less exposed to the full impact 
of economic downturns than other sectors, Werfen is nevertheless exposed to the general economic environment in 
the markets in which it operates in a number of ways. Unfavourable economic conditions and, in particular, future 
political and economic factors which have the effect of reducing capital expenditure for healthcare products and/or 
services, may negatively impact sales of Werfen’s products and services and, as a result, make it more difficult for 
it to attract new customers, retain existing customers and maintain sales at existing levels. Such developments may 
also result in, or coincide with, reduced budgets for capital equipment and services available to Werfen’s customers, 
particularly if it becomes more difficult for Werfen’s customers to accurately forecast and plan future business 
activities. This, in turn, may cause Werfen’s customers to reduce, delay or abandon purchases of its products, services 
and systems. An uncertain economic environment may also materially and adversely affect Werfen’s customers’ 
budgets and may result in pricing pressure, requests for extended warranty provisions and even cancellation of service 
contracts. In addition, continued economic instability could make it more difficult for Werfen to collect outstanding 
receivables in the event Werfen’s customers enter into financial difficulties. 
Accordingly, unfavourable economic conditions in the markets in which Werfen operates could have a material 
adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Existing and future healthcare cost containment reform measures by supra-national organisations, government 
health authorities or government-sponsored healthcare systems could adversely affect Werfen’s business 
In various countries where Werfen operates, government health authorities provide healthcare at low direct cost to 
consumers and regulate prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored 
healthcare system. The increasing average age of the population and the associated increasing demand for medical 
services and pharmaceutical products has led to rising healthcare costs. As a result, healthcare expenditure has been

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
the subject of considerable government attention in many of the countries in which Werfen operates, particularly as 
public resources were stretched as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In recent years, many countries across the globe have discussed or implemented a measure of healthcare reform. The 
primary focus of these reforms was to introduce cost containment measures and optimise governmental healthcare 
spending.  
Any such cost control initiatives could result in lower capital expenditure or budgets available to Werfen’s customers, 
such as hospitals or healthcare organisations, to purchase its products and services, which may lead them to reduce 
their purchases from Werfen or demand that it lowers its prices. In addition, any changes to procedural rules, such 
as those governing public procurement and tender processes, could result in downward pressure on Werfen’s margins 
for certain of its products in certain markets. The governments of the countries where Werfen operates may, in the 
future, implement further regulations that impose additional pressure on the price of healthcare products and services, 
including Werfen’s. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
3. Risks relating to suppliers and third-party distributors 
Werfen relies on certain suppliers and manufacturers for raw materials, components for certain of its products 
and services, and fluctuations in the availability and price of such materials, products and services may interfere 
with Werfen’s ability to meet its customers’ needs  
The global supply of Werfen’s products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of its manufacturing 
facilities, the continued performance of Werfen’s contract manufacturers and suppliers of raw materials. Many of 
Werfen’s manufacturing processes are complex and involve sensitive scientific processes, involving the use of raw 
materials that cannot be replicated or acquired through alternative sources without undue delay or expense.  
For certain of its products, including finished products, Werfen is dependent on a small number of key suppliers. 
Werfen also depends on key suppliers for critical raw materials, active ingredients and components. As a result, 
Werfen’s ability to obtain, enter and maintain contracts with these manufacturers and suppliers is important to its 
business. Werfen cannot assure prospective investors that it will be able to obtain, enter into or maintain all such 
contracts in the future, and difficulty in obtaining such products or raw materials could affect Werfen’s ability to 
achieve anticipated production levels. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there was additional 
pressure on the supply of certain materials such as electronic chips and some plastics, which increased the risk of 
potential material shortages. 
Although Werfen believes that its business is not materially dependent on any single supplier, failure to obtain or 
renew contracts with any material supplier could negatively impact its business. Moreover, the terms of contractual 
arrangements with certain of Werfen’s key suppliers may be insufficient to guarantee the supply of some of its 
products and essential raw materials. 
On occasion, Werfen has been forced to revalidate the raw materials and components of products when a supplier of 
critical raw materials or components terminated its contract or no longer made the materials or components available 
to it. This is particularly relevant for certain electronic components that have a life cycle which is materially shorter 
than the one of Werfen’s products. On certain occasions in the past, Werfen was required to validate an alternative 
component or had to modify other parts of the product, such as the relevant software, for this reason. 
Stringent requirements of regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of Werfen’s products may prevent Werfen 
from quickly establishing additional or replacement sources for the raw materials, products and components that it 
uses, or from doing so without excessive cost. Further, Werfen’s suppliers may be subject to regulation by regulatory 
authorities that could hinder their ability to produce necessary raw materials, products and components. As a result,

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
a reduction or interruption in supply or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials, products, 
components or manufacturing services could negatively affect Werfen’s business. 
Certain of the raw materials and components Werfen sources are also subject to significant price volatility and any 
material increase in the cost of such materials and components could have a negative effect on its margins.  
Werfen also relies on contract manufacturers to manufacture certain of its products. Any change in Werfen’s 
relationship with its contract manufacturers or changes to contractual terms of its agreements with them could 
adversely affect its business. Werfen’s reliance on a small number of contract manufacturers makes it vulnerable to 
possible capacity constraints, reduced control over product availability, delivery schedules and costs and reduced 
ability to monitor compliance with Werfen’s product manufacturing specifications. 
If Werfen is unable to source the required raw materials, products and components from its suppliers or contract 
manufacturers in time or at all, or fail to enter or maintain contracts with suppliers or manufacturers of such material, 
products and components on commercially reasonable terms or at all, this could have a material adverse effect on 
Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen is dependent on third-party distributors for the sale of its products 
Werfen depends, to a considerable extent, on third-party sales agents, distributors and resellers for its global sales 
activities. In certain countries, such as China, Mexico or Russia, for example, Werfen generates a significant majority 
of its revenue through external sales and distribution channels. In geographic markets where Werfen does not have 
a direct presence, it relies almost exclusively on third-party agents, distributors and resellers. Werfen’s revenue 
generated from territories in which it exclusively sells through third-party distributors accounted for 9% in 2023 and 
10% in 2022, respectively. As a result, maintaining relationships with Werfen’s third-party sales and distribution 
partners is critical to Werfen’s business, and the loss of any such partner or termination of such relationship may 
impair its ability to provide its products and services to customers in a timely manner, cause it to lose out on business 
opportunities and, in turn, market share in a given market or markets. 
Any failure of third-party agents, distributors and resellers to perform and satisfy their contractual obligations or 
establish and comply with applicable laws and regulations, among other things, may require Werfen to discontinue 
its business relationships with them or expose it to significant government enforcement actions and investigations 
depending on the severity of the violation. Werfen conducts audits of its external sales and distribution partners, 
although there can be no assurance that such audits reveal all relevant information. If Werfen’s audits reveal that 
such partners are unable to meet or maintain certain regulatory, compliance or other standards related to good 
business practices, or if they are unable to continue to operate their business due to financial distress, Werfen may 
be required to cease its business activities with such parties. Furthermore, changes in legal requirements or Werfen’s 
internal policies on quality and compliance could require Werfen to make changes to its sales and distribution 
partnerships with third parties. For example, due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Werfen changed its policy 
regarding sales and collections in Russia (See “(I) Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes—10. Legal and regulatory risks—Werfen’s international operations are subject to trade and anti-
corruption laws and regulations”).  
Any substitution of any such a partner may be time-consuming, and it may be costly to qualify new third parties, in 
particular if new regulatory approvals would be triggered. As a result, if Werfen is unable to maintain its sales and 
distribution relationships with its partners, this could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
4. Risks relating to Werfen’s manufacturing 
Any interruption in the operations of Werfen’s manufacturing facilities may impair its ability to deliver products 
and maintain its market positions 
Many of Werfen’s products are manufactured using technically complex processes requiring specialised facilities, 
highly specific raw materials and other production constraints and are heavily regulated by governmental health 
authorities around the world. Whether Werfen’s products and the related raw materials are manufactured at its own 
dedicated manufacturing facilities or by third parties, Werfen must ensure that all manufacturing processes comply 
with applicable regulations, as well as with its own quality standards. Werfen is dependent on its global production 
and operating network to develop, manufacture, assemble, supply and service its products, services and systems. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen’s main manufacturing facilities are located in Bedford, Massachusetts 
(USA), Orangeburg, New York (USA), San Diego, California (USA), Norcross, Georgia (USA), Waukesha, 
Wisconsin (USA), Warren, New Jersey (USA), Halifax, Nova Scotia (Canada), Munich (Germany) and Barcelona 
(Spain). A work stoppage or any other limitations of production or operation, including import or export restrictions 
and transportation issues, among others, could occur at Werfen’s facilities or otherwise affect Werfen for any number 
of reasons, including as a result of labour or other legal disputes, regulatory enforcement actions, production 
constraints or other factors. 
In particular, Werfen’s manufacturing and operations are subject to numerous risks, including severe weather and 
natural disasters (such as earthquakes, tsunamis and hurricanes), fires and explosions, accidents, mechanical failures, 
unscheduled downtimes, civil unrest, industrial action, adverse labour relations, transportation interruptions, 
unpermitted discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances, other environmental risks, pandemics and 
epidemics, war, riots, sabotage, terrorist attacks and other criminal activities. Any event affecting any significant 
production or operating facility may result in a disruption to Werfen’s ability to supply customers, and standby 
capacity and critical components necessary for the reliable operation of the production or operating facility may not 
be available. The impact of these risks is heightened if Werfen’s production capacity is at or near full utilisation (or 
if Werfen lacks alternative manufacturing sites) and could result in Werfen’s inability to accept orders or deliver 
products in a timely manner.  
Additionally, specific conditions must be respected both by Werfen and its customers for the storage and distribution 
of many of its products. For example, cold storage is required for certain of Werfen’s products, such as certain 
reagents and controls. Failure to adhere to these requirements may result in lost product inventory or products 
becoming out of specification, which in turn may result in efficacy or safety issues for patients.  
The impact of any disruption would depend on the nature and extent of the damage caused to, or the duration of the 
other interruption impacting, such facility. Any failure to supply products or provide services or solutions, in the 
short or long term, as a result of any such events or circumstances could materially adversely affect Werfen’s 
reputation, brand perception and market positions and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
5. Risks relating to Werfen’s acquisition of Immucor or future acquisitions or expansions 
Werfen may not fully realise the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Immucor or, if realised, such benefits 
may be delayed 
On 14 March 2023, Werfen completed its acquisition of Immucor, a leading provider of transfusion and transplant 
diagnostic products headquartered in the United States, for approximately U.S.$1.9 billion. The acquisition of 
Immucor constitutes a very significant expansion of Werfen’s business operations relative to its size prior to such 
acquisition.

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
Werfen commenced the integration of Immucor in March 2023, which is an ongoing process as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and gradual and progressive in nature. The integration process is being led by an integration steering 
committee specifically designated to oversee this process and is composed of representatives from different 
departments of Werfen. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, all the Immucor employees considered as key for the 
integration have been retained, the Immucor business lines have gone through a rebranding process and now operate 
under the Werfen brand, the commercial integration is currently progressing according to plan in all countries, and 
the IT integration has been completed in Iberia, with the rest of the regions aiming to complete the IT integration in 
2024. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the integration of the commercial teams is one of the critical milestones for 
the coming months. Immucor operates in certain businesses that have not historically been Werfen’s core businesses, 
such as transfusion and transplant diagnostics, which can present new or unfamiliar challenges to Werfen.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no material unexpected event linked to the integration has occurred. However, 
the synergies anticipated to arise from the acquisition may not be achieved within the time frame expected or at all, 
and if achieved, may not be sufficient to offset the costs associated with the acquisition. This inability to achieve 
expected synergies may have an adverse impact on the results of Werfen’s operations. 
The integration of the acquisition could also cause disruptions to Werfen’s business or business relationships, which 
could have a material adverse impact on its results of operations. Parties with which Werfen or Immucor has business 
relationships may experience uncertainty as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business 
decisions, seek alternative relationships with third parties or seek to alter their existing business relationships with 
Werfen or Immucor. Parties with which Werfen or Immucor otherwise may have sought to establish business 
relationships may hesitate or decline to enter into business relationships with them, or may seek alternative 
relationships with third parties. Similarly, in light of Werfen’s expansion, its suppliers may seek to diversify their 
customer base by looking for other distribution channels for their products and/or providing better terms to its 
competitors. 
Furthermore, if Werfen is unable to effectively manage the successful integration of Immucor or the larger scale of 
its operations, Werfen may lose market share or its customers may lose confidence in Werfen, and it may be required 
to pursue alternative business strategies or sourcing (or, in the case of an oversupply, lower prices charged, record 
impairment charges on facilities or inventory or close certain facilities) or take other actions which could materially 
and adversely affect its businesses. 
Due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the acquisition of a new business or asset 
Werfen’s business strategy includes the acquisition from time to time of technologies, skill sets and businesses that 
expand or complement its existing business. Successful growth through acquisitions is dependent upon Werfen’s 
ability to identify suitable acquisition targets, conduct appropriate due diligence, negotiate transactions on favourable 
terms and purchase prices and ultimately complete such transactions and integrate the acquired target successfully. 
Any such acquisitions, such as Werfen’s acquisition of Immucor, may expose Werfen to significant risks and 
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, it facing competition for acquisition targets, which may lead to substantial 
increases in purchase prices or terms that are not attractive to Werfen as well as dependence on external sources of 
capital, in particular to finance the purchase prices of acquisitions. Werfen may also be prohibited by certain antitrust 
or other regulatory laws from proposed acquisitions or may be required to make certain divestitures. Acquisitions 
may also expose Werfen to significant risks if acquired companies’ products lack the necessary licences, exemptions 
or permits or otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 
Werfen’s assessments of and assumptions regarding acquisition targets may not prove to be correct, and actual 
developments may differ significantly from its expectations. Acquired targets, such as Immucor, may have 
unexpected or unidentified liabilities or regulatory problems of a material nature unknown to Werfen and that were

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
not disclosed during the due diligence processes, and acquisitions may be made at a premium over the fair value of 
the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. Werfen may also miscalculate the risks associated with business 
development transactions at the time they are made or not have the resources or ability to access all the relevant 
information to evaluate them properly. The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any acquisition could 
have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen’s growth strategy may be hampered by non-core investments  
In 2022, Werfen launched its corporate venture capital initiative to acquire minority ownership in companies in the 
healthcare industry, with the aim of accessing innovative technologies and obtaining expertise in business areas 
which may be relevant for Werfen in the future.  
This activity will require regular investments that may diminish Werfen’s ability to reduce its indebtedness in the 
coming years. It will also require resources that may be potentially required for other purposes, and it may divert the 
attention of Werfen’s management from the company’s regular operations. 
The occurrence of any of the above in connection with any venture capital investment could have a material adverse 
effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
6. Risks relating to Werfen’s strategy 
Werfen’s ability to maintain and improve its market positions depends on Werfen’s successful development, 
introduction and commercialisation of new and existing products, systems and services and its ability to enhance 
its existing technology 
Werfen designs, manufactures and sells a diverse portfolio of diagnostics products, systems and services (including 
accessories and software products) as well as medical devices and the markets in which it operates are characterised 
by rapid change and technological innovation. Werfen’s success depends on its ability to develop, introduce and 
commercialise new products, systems and services and to enhance existing product lines, systems and services. As 
Werfen’s products, systems, services and its enhancements thereof often have long development and government 
approval cycles, this requires Werfen to constantly and accurately anticipate changes in the marketplace, in 
technology and in customer demands.  
Developing new technologies and enhancing existing technologies may require significant investment in research 
and development and numerous country-specific regulatory approvals. The results of Werfen’s efforts to develop 
products, system and services, and its ability to commercialise new and enhanced technologies, may be affected by 
a number of factors, including its ability to accurately anticipate customer needs, innovate, and develop new products, 
systems and services, obtain necessary regulatory approvals in a timely manner, manufacture products in a cost-
effective manner, obtain appropriate and geographically widespread intellectual property (“IP”) protections and 
rights for its products, systems and services, and gain and maintain market acceptance of its products, systems and 
services. There can be no assurance that any products currently in development, or those Werfen may seek to develop 
in the future, will achieve technological feasibility, import permits, be successful or gain market acceptance and it 
may have to abandon a product in which it has invested substantial resources. 
Furthermore, enhancing existing products or developing new ones is a costly, lengthy and uncertain process. To be 
successful in the highly competitive healthcare industry, Werfen must commit substantial resources each year to 
research and development (“R&D”), which is critical to driving future growth as the success of Werfen’s business 
is driven by its ability to provide innovative products and services. 
R&D is inherently uncertain and Werfen may choose the wrong areas of research or products, and may not be able 
to improve its research productivity sufficiently to obtain results. In addition, there can be no assurance that any of 
the new products that Werfen develops will be proven safe or effective. Over these research and development cycles, 
usually spanning several years, there is a substantial risk at each stage of development that Werfen will not achieve

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
its goals and that it will have to abandon a product in which it has invested substantial amounts of money and human 
resources. Werfen also invests significant time and resources in third-party development and collaboration efforts 
that carry inherent risks, including but not limited to, failure to obtain appropriate licence terms or disputes with third 
parties. Lastly, even if Werfen’s R&D efforts prove successful in enhancing existing products or developing new 
ones, there can be no assurance that any such enhanced or new products will achieve commercial success. 
If Werfen is unable to develop and launch new products, systems and services or enhance existing products, systems 
and services that gain market acceptance, its ability to maintain or expand its market positions in the markets in 
which it operates may be materially and adversely impacted, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on 
Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen may fail to develop or take advantage of digitalisation  
The healthcare industry is undergoing a significant transformation aided by trends in data and digitalisation. As a 
result, Werfen is required to implement digital solutions in its products, manufacturing and business processes. 
However, there is no guarantee that its efforts toward a digital transformation will succeed. More generally, Werfen 
may fail to capture the benefits of digitalisation at an appropriate cost and/or in a timely manner, and/or enter into 
appropriate partnerships. Competitors, including new entrants such as tech companies, may outpace Werfen in this 
fast-moving area. If Werfen fails to adequately integrate digitalisation into its organisation and business model, 
Werfen could lose customers and market share, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
7. Risks relating to Werfen’s operations 
Werfen’s business is operated in numerous countries and Werfen is therefore subject to risks inherent in 
international operations 
Werfen’s activities span over 30 countries and Werfen has a presence in more than 100 territories via distributors, 
with a primary geographic focus in Europe and the United States. During the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen 
generated, by location of customers, 36.31% of its total revenue in Western Europe, 32.54% in North America, 
17.87% in Asia-Pacific, 7.27% in LATAM and 6.00% in EEMEA.  
As a result, Werfen is exposed to a number of risks which are inherent in international operations, including risks 
associated with: (i) currency fluctuations and devaluations and hyperinflation; (ii) political, social, security and 
economic instability in certain of the countries in which Werfen operates; (iii) changes in and compliance with local 
laws and regulations or uncertainty regarding the interpretation and/or application of applicable laws, including 
without limitation, health and safety laws, export and import control, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws, data 
privacy and cybersecurity laws, sanctions regulations, tax laws, labour laws, employee benefits, currency restrictions 
and other requirements; (iv) differences in tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences of operating in 
foreign countries or unfavourable or arbitrary tax enforcement; (v) customising products for multiple international 
markets; (vi) legal uncertainties regarding liability, tariffs and other trade barriers; (vii) changes in governmental 
regulations regarding currency or price controls, profit repatriation, labour, or health and safety matters; (viii) hiring 
qualified international employees; and (ix) difficulty in accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods. 
Any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects.  
Werfen’s insurance coverage may be insufficient 
As part of Werfen’s risk management policy, Werfen has been rolling out various global and centralised insurance 
policies, covering different types of risks, such as damage to Werfen’s assets and associated financial losses, 
liabilities as well as other insurance policies required for its activities.

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
Insured limits are being reviewed by Werfen and its insurance brokers on a regular basis (taking into account the 
insurance market evolution, historical claims within Werfen’s industry practice as well as Werfen’s growth and 
exposure to potential claims) and where needed, amended. Although Werfen believes that the present reserves if any, 
for product and professional liability claims are sufficient to cover currently estimated exposures, it is possible that 
Werfen or individual subsidiaries may incur liabilities in excess of these recorded reserves where they exist. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that Werfen will be able to maintain its current insurance coverage on 
acceptable terms or at all in the future. Claims in excess of recorded reserves if any and/or applicable insurance 
coverage could have an adverse effect on Werfen’s business. Moreover, if Werfen makes claims under its insurance 
policies, relevant insurance premiums and deductibles may rise in the future. 
Any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects. 
Werfen’s success depends in part on its senior management team and other key employees and its ability to attract, 
integrate and retain key personnel and qualified individuals in the face of intense competition 
Werfen depends on the expertise of its senior management team and other key employees. In addition, Werfen relies 
heavily on recruiting and retaining talented people to help it meet its strategic objectives. Werfen faces intense 
competition for qualified individuals for senior management positions, or in specific geographic regions or in 
specialised fields such as R&D, strategic marketing, medical and regulatory affairs, and IT. In addition, its ability to 
hire qualified personnel also depends in part on Werfen’s ability to reward performance, incentivise its employees 
and to pay competitive compensation. Furthermore, while Werfen has been able to retain key employees from 
Immucor during the ongoing integration process, Werfen might not be able to retain such employees in the future as 
Immucor operates in certain businesses that have not historically been Werfen’s core businesses, and, as a result, the 
loss of such key employees could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business and results of operations. 
The inability to attract, integrate and/or retain highly skilled personnel, in particular those in leadership positions, 
may weaken Werfen’s succession plans, may materially adversely affect the implementation of its strategy and its 
ability to meet its strategic objectives and could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. 
8. Risks relating to Werfen’s products 
If Werfen delivers products with defects, Werfen may be subject to product recalls or negative publicity, its 
credibility may be harmed, market acceptance of its products may decrease and Werfen may be exposed to liability 
The manufacturing and marketing of professional diagnostics products and medical devices involve an inherent risk 
of product liability claims. Werfen’s product development and production are extremely complex and a defect in one 
of its diagnostic products could lead to a false positive or false negative result, affecting the eventual diagnosis. 
Werfen’s IVD offering in particular is prone to the risk of product liability claims, as inaccuracies in a specimen’s 
analysis can lead to critical outcomes in the life of a patient, thereby leaving little to no room for error in the precision 
and accuracy of such testing. Manufacturing and design defects could lead to recalls (either voluntary or required by 
government authorities) and could result in the removal of a product from the market. Depending on the corrective 
action Werfen takes to redress a product’s deficiencies, Werfen may be required to obtain new clearances or 
approvals before it may market or distribute the corrected device. Defects in Werfen’s products could also harm its 
reputation, lead to negative publicity and decrease sales of its products, and it could also face additional regulatory 
enforcement action, including warning letters, untitled letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties, 
or civil or criminal fines. 
In addition, its marketing of monitoring services may cause Werfen to be subjected to various product liability or 
other claims, including, among others, claims that inaccurate testing results lead to injury or death. Any product

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
liability or other claim brought against Werfen, regardless of merit, could be costly to defend. While Werfen has 
been able to obtain liability insurance in the past to partially cover its business risks, Werfen cannot assure that such 
insurance will be available in the future either on acceptable terms or at all, or that its insurance carriers will not 
dispute their coverage obligations. If Werfen is held liable for a claim, that claim could materially and adversely 
affect its business. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
A substantial share of Werfen’s revenue and income depends on the performance of certain products  
Werfen currently generates a substantial share of its revenue from certain key products. For example, for the year 
ended 31 December 2023, sales of its main immunoassay products generated revenues of €179 million, representing 
9% of Werfen’s total revenue during the period.  
As a result, if any risk specifically affecting the manufacturing, distribution or sale of any Werfen product that 
represents a material part of its revenue were to materialise, this could have a disproportionately adverse impact on 
Werfen’s business. Furthermore, if one or more of those key products were to become obsolete or become subject to 
increased competition, there can be no assurance that Werfen would be able to compensate any resulting losses in 
sales of such products through the launch of new products or an increase in sales of its other products. 
Any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations or prospects. 
9. Risks relating to information technology and product security 
Failures or disruptions of Werfen’s information technology systems, its information security systems and its 
infrastructure to support its business and to protect information could materially adversely affect its business  
Many aspects of Werfen’s operations are dependent on its information technology (“IT”) systems and the 
information collected, processed, stored and handled by these systems. This includes Werfen’s own technical, 
business and medical information, as well as that of its customers and partners. Certain of Werfen’s businesses may 
transmit highly confidential information and legally protected personal and medical information. Moreover, Werfen 
manufactures and sells products that rely upon software systems to operate properly, deliver treatment decision 
support and store confidential personal data and medical information; and Werfen’s products often are connected to 
and reside within its customers’ information technology infrastructures, which themselves may be subject to 
vulnerabilities. Security measures and software implemented to protect data and information contained in or 
processed by Werfen’s products from unauthorised access may not be effective in fully securing this data and 
information, particularly since techniques used to obtain unauthorised access, or sabotage systems, change frequently 
and generally are not recognised until launched against a target.  
A compromise of Werfen’s information security controls or those of the businesses with whom it interacts, which 
results in confidential information or legally protected personal data or medical information, including patient data, 
being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorised or improper persons, could harm Werfen’s reputation 
and expose it to regulatory actions and claims. Moreover, a cybersecurity attack or data security breach could require 
that Werfen expends significant resources related to its IT systems and infrastructure. If Werfen’s IT systems are 
damaged, fail to work as intended (including due to inadequate development or regulatory compliant tool validation) 
or otherwise become unavailable, Werfen may incur substantial costs to repair, change or replace them, and it may 
experience a loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in its ability to perform 
essential functions and implement new services. Furthermore, if Werfen is unable to install and implement new 
software and systems, or other new information technology software more generally, in a timely manner and within 
the budgets it allocates to such installation, Werfen may incur substantial additional costs as well as experience

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
operational disruptions. In addition, compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards 
may result in considerable unanticipated expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of 
new operational processes. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen may be exposed to liability for cyberattacks and data breaches resulting from the use of one of its products 
Werfen’s data management solutions for its IVD devices face significant cybersecurity and privacy risks, and may 
be vulnerable to physical and electronic breaches, computer viruses and other cyberattacks. In the event that any such 
breach, virus or cyberattack occurs in respect of any of Werfen’s products, sensitive data (including patient data) 
held on such products by its customers may be leaked, disclosed to unauthorised third parties, lost or destroyed. 
As a result, any real or perceived failure in Werfen’s data management solutions to keep such data safe could expose 
it to significant costs in defending claims by customers or regulatory authorities or in developing, acquiring and 
implementing updates to its software and systems, which may also take a significant amount of time because of 
regulatory constraints, and harm Werfen’s reputation. In addition, there can be no assurance that Werfen will be able 
to keep its product security and software updated to an extent that it effectively protects against such cybersecurity 
risks.  
Furthermore, while Werfen aims to properly address product security mitigations in both software and system 
components during the design of its products, such efforts may be unsuccessful, including as a result of Werfen’s 
failure to build robust security testing that includes the types of attacks and techniques attackers may use against its 
products. If the relevant product or software is already released (or close to being released), fixing issues at this stage 
in the product’s life may be logistically difficult and costly.  
In addition, Werfen may fail to detect and monitor security incidents as they occur at its customers’ premises in time 
or at all. If a security issue is detected in one of its products, Werfen may have difficulties removing the vulnerabilities 
quickly across the high number of installed equipment at its customers across the world.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
10. Legal and regulatory risks 
Werfen’s activities (including its products and manufacturing activities) are subject to significant government 
regulations and approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to Werfen’s business  
Werfen’s products and those of OEM (as defined below) that incorporate Werfen’s products are subject to extensive 
and rigorous government regulation in the markets in which Werfen operates, including the United States and Europe. 
Compliance with these laws and regulations is expensive and time-consuming, and failure to comply with these laws 
and regulations could adversely affect Werfen’s business. 
Obtaining required authorisations, licences and consents is a long and highly regulated process requiring Werfen to 
present extensive documentation and data to the relevant regulatory authorities. Regulatory processes differ from 
one jurisdiction and regulatory authority to another. Either at the time of the filing of the application or later during 
its review, each regulatory authority may impose its own requirements which can evolve over time and it may delay 
or refuse to grant approval even though a product has already been approved in another country. Health authorities 
are increasingly focusing on product safety and, in particular, the US Food and Drugs Administration (“FDA”), the 
Chinese National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) and the European Commission as well as the 
respective health authorities of EU member states have increased their requirements, particularly in terms of the 
volume of testing and data needed to grant regulatory clearance for a product. Even after regulatory approval,

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
marketed products are subject to continual review, risk evaluations or comparative effectiveness studies including 
post-marketing studies.  
Moreover, to monitor Werfen’s compliance with applicable regulations, the FDA, the NMPA and comparable 
agencies in other jurisdictions routinely conduct inspections of Werfen facilities and may identify potential 
deficiencies. If Werfen fails to adequately respond to observations made during a regulatory inspection that identify 
a deficiency, or fails to comply with applicable regulatory requirements at all or within the targeted timeline, it could 
be subject to enforcement, remedial and/or punitive actions by the FDA (such as a warning letter), the NMPA or 
other regulatory authorities.  
In addition, in order to comply with the duty to report adverse events and safety signals to regulatory authorities, 
Werfen must regularly train its employees and third parties (such as external sales forces and distributor employees) 
on regulatory matters. If Werfen fails to train these people, or fails to train them appropriately, or they do not comply 
with contractual requirements, it may be exposed to the risk that safety events are not reported or not reported in a 
timely manner in breach of its reporting obligations.  
Moreover, regulatory processes are subject to change, and new or changed regulations can result in increased costs 
and unanticipated delays. As an example, the IVD regulation (EU 2017/746) (“IVDR”) entered into force in the EU 
on 26 May 2022. The IVDR has and will continue to have a significant impact on the quality management system 
for manufacturers, importers and distributors as well as to the required product documentation for any IVD device. 
This impacts the regulatory approval process for Werfen’s products in the EU by making it more costly and time 
consuming. Further, all Class A IVD medical devices must comply with the IVDR, and Class B, C and D medical 
devices will need to do so in accordance with the last due dates amendment to the IVDR. To maintain its existing 
products on the market after 26 May 2022, Werfen has had to demonstrate the safety and performance of these 
devices through retrospective evaluation of existing data and generating new data to meet the requirements under the 
IVDR. While Werfen has established and is implementing a programme to ensure compliance with the IVDR, there 
is still significant uncertainty around the logistics and practicability of obtaining the required “Conformité 
Européenne” (CE) certificates for IVD devices in a timely manner. Such CE certificates need to be issued by 
“Notified Bodies” under the IVDR, and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, only eight companies have been 
designated Notified Bodies across the EU.  
In addition, to the extent that new regulations raise the costs of obtaining and maintaining product authorisations, or 
limit the economic value of a new product to its originator, the growth prospects of the industry and of Werfen would 
be diminished.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen may become involved in litigation, arbitration and governmental proceedings 
From time to time, Werfen may be involved in, or threatened with, legal, arbitration and governmental proceedings 
in the ordinary course of Werfen’s business, including disputes with employees, competitors, customers, suppliers, 
distributors, competition authorities, regulators and other authorities, purported whistle-blowers, or regulatory 
agencies concerning, among other things, breaches of contract, product liability, product defects, intellectual property 
infringement, data privacy and cybersecurity, logistics or manufacturing related topics, quality regulations, 
environmental or employment issues, termination of business relationship, and/or alleged or suspected violations of 
applicable laws in various jurisdictions.  
The outcome of pending or potential future legal, arbitration and governmental proceedings is, as a general matter, 
difficult to predict. If such proceedings are determined against Werfen, it may be subject to the imposition of fines, 
required to change its business practices or it may incur liabilities or monetary losses, some of which may not be 
covered by its existing insurance policies and may be significantly disruptive to the operation of its business. In

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
addition, the costs and penalties related to litigation, arbitration and governmental proceedings may be significant. 
Exposure to litigation, whether directed at Werfen, its employees and executives, customers, suppliers or distributors 
or its or their respective business partners, could also result in the distraction of management resources and materially 
adversely affect Werfen’s reputation or the reputation of its products. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen’s international operations are subject to trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations 
Due to the international scope of Werfen’s operations, Werfen, its employees, its suppliers, and distributors are 
subject to a complex system of import and export-related laws and regulations. Any alleged or actual violations of 
these regulations (either due to Werfen’s own acts or its inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others 
including its suppliers or distributors) may subject Werfen to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and 
criminal penalties, and may limit its ability to import or export its products or to provide its services. For example, a 
significant part of Werfen’s business and employees are based in the United States which makes its exposure to U.S. 
anti-corruption laws significant. Werfen cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements 
to which its operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.  
In September 2022, the U.S. introduced additional sanctions against Russia and established requirements for 
companies to acquire export licences for essential medical equipment, including medical devices. Consequently, 
Werfen filed applications to obtain the relevant export licences. Moreover, on 24 February 2023, the U.S. federal 
government imposed further sanctions on Russia and Belarus, which required Werfen to obtain a licence application 
for every product that it sells to those countries (e.g., instruments, spare parts, consumables, including reagents). As 
a result, Werfen had to stop all shipments to Russia and Belarus until the necessary licenses were obtained. Having 
been obtained in 2023, the licenses are valid for one year and Werfen will have to renew the licenses during 2024. 
However, the renewal of such licences cannot be guaranteed. Also in 2023, the EU imposed sanctions against Russia 
and Belarus and established requirements for companies to acquire export licenses for medical devices. As a 
consequence of this, Werfen has filed an application to obtain the relevant EU export licenses for instruments. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen has not obtained such EU licenses. In any event, there are currently no cash 
flows from the Issuer to any sanctioned entity. Given the unpredictable nature of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the 
U.S. and the EU may prolong or further expand sanctions, including potentially imposing a full trade embargo, while 
Russia may continue to respond with additional countersanctions against the U.S. and the EU. A prolongation or a 
further escalation of the conflict could therefore continue to have an adverse impact on the availability and prices of 
raw and other essential materials.  
In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) and similar anti-corruption laws generally prohibit 
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly 
influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair 
advantage. Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws.  
Werfen’s international operations exist in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from 
those in Spain. As a result, Werfen faces the reputational and legal risk that any of its employees or distributors may 
inadvertently violate anti-corruption laws. Such violations may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, result in 
Werfen losing individual executives or key employees in the event they are convicted for a violation of any such 
laws, which could severely disrupt Werfen’s business and could result in an adverse effect on its reputation and 
business.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
Werfen’s failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations worldwide could adversely impact 
its business and results of operations  
Werfen is subject to laws and regulations concerning the environment, safety matters, regulation of chemicals and 
product safety in the countries where it manufactures and sells its products or otherwise operates its business. These 
requirements include regulations of the handling, manufacture, transportation, storage, use and disposal of materials, 
including the discharge of pollutants into the environment, including noise pollution. If Werfen fails to comply with 
these laws and regulations, it may be subject to enforcement proceedings, including fines and penalties. In the 
ordinary course of its business, Werfen is also exposed to risks relating to possible releases of hazardous substances 
into the environment, which could cause environmental or property damage or personal injuries, and which could 
require remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater. Under certain laws, Werfen could be required in the future 
to remediate contamination at certain of its properties, regardless of whether the contamination was caused by Werfen 
or by previous occupants or users of the property. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Arrangements Werfen maintains with third-party payors exposes Werfen to fraud and abuse and other healthcare 
laws and regulations that regulate its business or financial arrangements 
Healthcare providers and physicians, among others, play a primary role in the recommendation and treatment with 
Werfen’s medical devices. Any arrangements Werfen maintains with such customers exposes it to broadly applicable 
fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that regulate the business or financial arrangements and 
relationships through which Werfen markets, sells and distributes its products and services. Efforts to ensure that its 
business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws involve substantial costs. It is possible that 
governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that Werfen’s business practices do not comply with current 
or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare 
laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against Werfen as a company or against individual employees, 
defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel 
resources and Werfen may lose key employees if they were convicted for a breach of such laws. If Werfen is not 
successful in defending itself or its employees or asserting its rights, those actions could have a significant impact 
on its business and operations, and harm its reputation. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen’s compliance and risk management systems may prove to be inadequate  
Werfen’s compliance and risk management systems may prove to be inadequate to prevent and discover breaches of 
laws and regulations and to identify, evaluate and take appropriate countermeasures against relevant risks. In 
connection with Werfen’s worldwide business operations, Werfen must comply with a broad range of legal and 
regulatory requirements in numerous jurisdictions and local operational business processes, particularly relating to 
sales practices. While Werfen has established compliance and risk management systems that support its operational 
business processes, help to address compliance with legislative provisions and, where necessary, initiate appropriate 
countermeasures to misconduct, there can be no assurance that its internal controls and compliance systems are 
adequate to address all applicable risks in every jurisdiction. Similarly, Werfen can provide no assurance that such 
controls and systems of its suppliers and distributors can be aligned with its own, and it may have to rely on their 
controls and systems for compliance with respect to their business practices. 
Werfen has adopted a Code of Ethics (the “Code of Ethics”) that requires employees to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations, as well as the specific principles and rules of conduct set forth in the Code of Ethics. Werfen also 
has policies and procedures designed to help ensure that Werfen, its employees, officers, agents, intermediaries and

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
other third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, the Code of Ethics and such policies may 
be insufficient or individual employees, suppliers or distributors may not adhere to their letter or spirit and may 
intentionally or unintentionally violate applicable laws and internal policies, standards and procedures. Furthermore, 
Werfen’s compliance and risk management systems may not be appropriate for its size, complexity and geographical 
diversification or may otherwise fail for various reasons. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may result in reputational loss and materially adverse legal consequences and 
could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen’s inability to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights could adversely affect its financial results 
Intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, proprietary information, trademarks and trade names are 
important to Werfen’s business and will be critical to its ability to grow and succeed in the future. Werfen makes 
strategic decisions on whether to apply for intellectual property protection and what kind of protection to pursue 
based on a cost-benefit analysis. While Werfen endeavours to protect its intellectual property rights in certain 
jurisdictions in which its products are produced or used and in jurisdictions into which its products are imported, the 
decision to file for intellectual property protection is made on a case-by-case basis. Because of the differences in 
foreign trademark, patent and other laws concerning proprietary rights, Werfen’s intellectual property rights may not 
receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries.  
Certain of Werfen’s intellectual property rights are held through its licence agreements and collaboration 
arrangements with third parties. Because of the nature of these licences and arrangements, Werfen cannot assure you 
that it would be able to retain all of these intellectual property rights upon termination of such licences and 
collaboration arrangements. Werfen’s failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of its intellectual property 
rights for any reason could adversely affect its business. Additionally, Werfen relies on licences from third parties 
for the software in its products (both open source and pay-per-licence), and there is a significant risk that these parties 
could discontinue or terminate such licences or claim that it is in breach of them. This, in turn, could render Werfen’s 
products unsupportable. 
Werfen has applied for patent protection relating to certain existing and proposed processes, machines, manufacture, 
composition of matter, and their improvements. However, Werfen cannot assure you that its pending patent 
applications will not be challenged by third parties or that such applications will eventually be issued by the 
applicable patent offices as patents. It is possible that only a limited number of the pending patent applications will 
result in issued patents, which may negatively affect its business. 
Werfen’s ability to enforce its IP rights is also subject to the risks inherent in IP enforcement more generally. For 
example, the patents Werfen owns could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of 
sufficient scope or strength to provide it with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Furthermore, 
Werfen’s existing patents are subject to challenges from third parties which may result in invalidations and will all 
eventually expire, after which it will not be able to prevent its competitors from using its previously patented 
technologies. Werfen also cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe its patents, or that it will have adequate 
resources to enforce its patents. 
Werfen also relies on unpatented proprietary technology. It is possible that others will independently develop the 
same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to its unpatented technology. To protect its trade secrets and 
other proprietary information, Werfen requires certain employees, consultants, advisers and collaborators to enter 
into confidentiality agreements as it deems appropriate. Werfen cannot assure you that it will be able to enter into 
these confidentiality agreements or that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for its trade secrets, 
know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorised use, misappropriation or disclosure of 
such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. If Werfen is unable to maintain the proprietary nature 
of its technologies, it could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
Werfen relies on its trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish its products from the products of its 
competitors, and has registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. Werfen cannot assure you that its 
trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose its trademark applications, or otherwise 
challenge its use of the trademarks.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
If Werfen is sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time-consuming, 
and an unfavourable outcome in any litigation would harm its business  
Werfen cannot assure you that its activities will not, unintentionally or otherwise, infringe on the patents or other 
intellectual property rights owned by others. Litigation regarding patent rights exists in Werfen’s industry. Werfen’s 
competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing 
technologies, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, 
limit or otherwise interfere with Werfen’s ability to make and sell its products. Werfen may spend significant time 
and effort and incur significant litigation costs if it is required to defend itself against intellectual property rights 
claims brought against it, regardless of whether the claims have merit. If Werfen is found to have infringed on the 
patents or other intellectual property rights of others, it may be subject to substantial claims for damages, which could 
materially impact its business. Werfen may also be required to cease development, use or sale of the relevant products 
or processes, or it may be required to obtain a licence on the disputed rights, which may not be available on 
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen may face particular data protection, data security and privacy risks in connection with the European 
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and other privacy regulations, including in the U.S. 
Strict data privacy laws regulating the collection, transmission, storage and use of employee data and consumers’ 
personally-identifying information are evolving in the EU, the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which Werfen operates. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) imposes compliance obligations for the collection, use, retention, security, 
processing, transfer and deletion of personally identifiable information of individuals and creates enhanced rights for 
individuals. Similar laws enacted with the aim of granting enhanced protection for individuals’ data exist in the U.S., 
such as the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), in certain states of the 
U.S., such as California, and in other jurisdictions, where Werfen has a presence, such as China. 
Compliance with such laws and regulations is costly and the legal and regulatory environments in the areas of 
customer and employee privacy, data security, and cross-border data flows are constantly changing.  
If Werfen was held to be in breach of its obligations under the GDPR, the HIPAA or similar laws, this could expose 
it to regulatory proceedings, significant fines and penalties and may harm its reputation. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen has international operations and, as a result, faces complex tax issues and could be obligated to pay 
additional taxes in various jurisdictions 
Werfen operates its business internationally, its subsidiaries are incorporated in different jurisdictions and, as a result, 
it is subject to different tax regimes and the application of different rules related to taxation. Applicable taxes, 
including VAT and social security taxes for which Werfen makes provisions, could increase significantly as a result 
of changes in applicable tax laws in the countries in which it operates and the interpretation of these rules by local

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
tax authorities or as a result of tax audits performed by local tax authorities. The impact of these factors is dependent 
on the types of revenue and mix of profit Werfen generates in such countries. Deferred tax assets recognised for tax 
loss carry forwards are based on Werfen’s assumptions of future taxable earnings and these may not occur as planned, 
which may cause the deferred tax asset to be reduced. There can be no assurances that an unexpected reduction in 
deferred tax assets will not occur. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen is subject to certain administrative and court proceedings on taxes 
resulting from the normal course of its business. See Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements of Werfen as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2023. While Werfen does not currently consider these proceedings to be 
material, there can be no assurance that this assessment will not change in the future due to the uncertainty inherent 
in tax proceedings. 
In addition, Werfen may be subject to similar proceedings in the future and there may also be unforeseen tax expenses 
which may have an unfavourable impact on it. As a result, and given the inherent unpredictable nature of taxation, 
there can be no assurance that Werfen’s estimated long-term tax rate will remain at current levels or that cash flows 
regarding taxes will be stable. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may result in reputational loss and materially adverse legal consequences and 
could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects. 
11. Finance risks 
Werfen is subject to refinancing risks 
Werfen is bound to a debt maturity calendar to meet its financial obligations with funders and investors. As at 31 
December 2023, Werfen’s total indebtedness amounted to €2,204 million. Werfen’s leverage could increase its 
vulnerability to a downturn in its business or economic and industry conditions and may potentially cause a 
deterioration of its credit rating, which may result in an increase in Werfen’s borrowing costs or may make it 
impossible for it to access the capital markets for funding on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
A change in Werfen’s financial condition could adversely affect its ability to access financing 
Werfen’s business regularly requires significant levels of capital investments, including product design and 
development, manufacturing and maintenance and expansionary expenditures, as well as significant spending on 
R&D and has a relatively high fixed cost base. Any adverse change in Werfen’s financial position, as a result of any 
of the risks described in this section “Risk Factors”, could result in making it more difficult for Werfen to access 
sources of financing at commercially acceptable rates or at all. As a result, Werfen may not be able to fund required 
capital expenditures or its R&D activities, which would have an adverse effect on its ability to maintain or expand 
its manufacturing capacity, defend its competitive position or meet customer demand.  
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen is exposed to credit risks and counterparty risks 
In the ordinary course of business, Werfen is subject to the potential default, in whole or in part, on obligations by a 
counterparty or debtor (including, but not limited to, in the context of an insolvency proceeding of a customer). 
Although Werfen regularly reviews its exposure to its customers and other counterparties, and uses independent 
processes of due diligence, payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
difficult to predict. If a major customer or other significant counterparty were to default on their obligations, this 
could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business. 
Furthermore, although Werfen has a diversification policy with thresholds and maximum amounts by tenor in respect 
of the financial entities that it works with, it is exposed to credit risk in relation to an eventual default by a financial 
entity in which it may have deposited relevant cash positions. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen is subject to interest rate risks 
In part, Werfen finances its operations through borrowing. A future or potential increase in interest rates could 
increase the share of cash flow used for interest payments and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects. As at 31 December 2023, Werfen’s total indebtedness amounted to 
€2,204 million, of which approximately 57% was subject to variable interest rates. 
Any increase in interest rates (including the levels of prevailing short and long-term interest rates) would increase 
Werfen’s finance costs relating to its indebtedness subject to variable rates as well as the cost of refinancing existing 
indebtedness and issuing new debt. While Werfen may from time to time enter into hedging arrangements to cover 
such interest rate fluctuations on any portion of its debt, there can be no assurance that such hedging will be available 
at commercially acceptable rates or at all. 
Any of the factors described above could have a material adverse effect on Werfen’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or prospects. 
Werfen is subject to liquidity risk 
Werfen’s ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to make scheduled payments on its debt obligations 
will depend on its future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, 
regulatory, legislative and business factors, many of which are outside of Werfen’s control.  
If Werfen is unable to meet debt service obligations or comply with covenants, a default under debt agreements 
would occur, which, depending on the debt instrument, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations or prospects.  
Werfen is exposed to currency fluctuation risks in different countries that could materially adversely affect its 
profitability 
Werfen currently operates manufacturing facilities in Bedford, Massachusetts (USA), Orangeburg, New York 
(USA), San Diego, California (USA), Norcross, Georgia (USA), Waukesha, Wisconsin (USA), Warren, New Jersey 
(USA), Halifax, Nova Scotia (Canada), Munich (Germany), and Barcelona (Spain). Werfen’s activities span over 30 
countries and it has a presence in more than 100 territories via distributors. As a result, Werfen is exposed to 
significant foreign exchange risk through the translation of its subsidiaries’ functional currencies to the euro in its 
consolidated financial statements.  
Should Werfen be unable to sufficiently manage its foreign exchange exposure, the realisation of foreign exchange 
risk could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations or prospects.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
(II) RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
1. Risks related to the Notes generally  
Limited financial covenants 
The Notes do not restrict the Issuer or its subsidiaries from incurring additional debt. Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) 
of the Notes contains a negative pledge that prohibits the Issuer and any Material Subsidiary, in certain circumstances 
from creating security over assets, but only to the extent that such is used to secure other bonds or similar listed or 
quoted debt instruments. Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) does not contain any other covenants restricting the 
operations of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiaries.  
Furthermore, the Issuer’s subsidiaries are not bound by the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and are not 
guarantors of the Notes.  
These limited financial covenants may not provide sufficient protection for investors in the Notes which could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and increase the risk of losing all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Credit Risk of the Issuer 
As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and any interest payable 
under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit 
risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates and notwithstanding Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all 
or part of their investment. 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions contain provisions for resolutions of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally to be adopted either through a general meeting or by consent following a written resolution. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or were not 
represented and vote at the relevant meeting or did not consent to the written resolution and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through such resolutions deliberate on proposals relating to 
the modification of the Conditions subject to the limitation provided by applicable law and the Conditions. The 
modification of the Conditions adopted by a majority of Noteholders, may have a negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Further it should be noted that, the Notes do not give the Noteholders the right to vote at meetings of the shareholders 
of the Issuer. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed above that may 
affect the value of the Notes and as such should not be relied upon by investors when making an investment decision. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
the EEA that is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Likewise, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. Risks Relating to Spanish Insolvency Law 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported 
to the insolvency administrator (administrador concursal) within one month from the last official publication in the 
Spanish Official Gazette of the court order declaring the insolvency, (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party 
the right to terminate by reason only of the other’s insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of interest 
(other than ordinary interest –i.e. not default interests– accruing under secured liabilities, reported to the insolvency 
administrator (administrador concursal) as contingent credits, which will accrue up to the lower of the value of the 
asset subject to the security or the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security interests) shall be 
suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date and 
unpaid (other than ordinary interest – i.e., not default interests- accruing under secured liabilities, reported to the 
insolvency administrator (administrador concursal) as contingent credits, which will accrue up to the lower of the 
value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security interests) shall 
become subordinated. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors’ rights even if the 
creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured dissenting creditors 
may be written down or stayed not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as a result of the approval 
of a creditors’ agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a collective out-of-court restructuring 
agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación) without insolvency proceedings having been previously opened 
(e.g., refinancing agreements which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both scenarios (i) 
to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and unless (ii) some exceptions in relation to the kind of 
claim or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). 
The majorities legal regime envisaged for these purposes also hinges on (i) the type of the specific restructuring 
measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.) as well as 
(ii) on the part of claims to be written-down (i.e., secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as 
calculated pursuant to the rules established in the Insolvency Law). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors’ agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall be always subject to the measures contained therein, if passed. Additionally, 
liabilities from those creditors considered specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) would 
not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the collective out-of-court 
restructuring agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación). 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to the 
Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer. 
The right to receive payments on the Notes will be effectively subordinated to the rights of the Werfen 
Group’s existing and future secured creditors to the extent of the value of the asset subject to the security 
and structurally subordinated to claims against the Werfen Group’s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 
Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be general unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed 
by any subsidiary of the Issuer. Obligees of the Issuer’s secured obligations, if any, will have claims that are prior to

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
the claims of the Noteholders to the extent of the value of the asset securing those other obligations. In the event of 
any distribution of assets or payment in any foreclosure, dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganisation, or other 
bankruptcy proceeding of the Issuer, the assets securing the claims of secured creditors will be used to satisfy the 
claims of those creditors, if any, before they are available to unsecured creditors, including the Noteholders. In any 
of the foregoing events, there is no assurance to Noteholders that there will be sufficient assets to pay amounts due 
under the Notes. 
3. Risks relating to the early redemption of the Notes 
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity by the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any withholding 
as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer may and, in certain circumstances shall, redeem all of the Notes 
then outstanding in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Tax Reasons). 
In addition, the Issuer has the option, to redeem the Notes under (i) a call option as provided in Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) a 
make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), (iii) a residual 
maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option) or (iv) a Substantial Purchase 
Event as provided in Condition 6(e) (Substantial Purchase Event), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Partial Redemption) and the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) and are exercisable in whole or in part. Depending on the proportion of the principal 
amount of all of the Notes so reduced or the number of Notes redeemed, any trading market in respect of those Notes 
in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, the consequence of such partial 
redemption may be materially adverse for the Noteholders that may lose part of their expected proceeds from the 
sale of such Notes. 
In addition, if (i) both the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Residual Maturity Call Option (as described 
in Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option)) are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and 
(ii) the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption before the Call Option Date 
pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Make-Whole Redemption will be calculated taking into account such Call Option Date and not the Maturity Date. 
As a result, the Noteholders will receive a lower redemption amount than they would otherwise normally receive. 
In addition, with respect to the right to redeem as a result of a Substantial Purchase Event, there is no obligation 
under the Conditions for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 20 per cent. or less of the initial 
aggregate principal amount a particular Series of Notes remaining outstanding has been reached or is about to be 
reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Substantial Purchase Event redemption right, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing 
is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity by the Noteholders following the occurrence of a Change of 
Control  
In the event of a Change of Control Put Event (as more fully described in Condition 6(g) (Redemption or Purchase 
at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control Put Event) and if such option is set applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), each Noteholder will have the right to request the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
to purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or part of its Notes at their principal amount together with any accrued 
interest. Investors shall be aware that the exercise of the put option is dependent on the credit rating assigned to the 
Issuer following the occurrence of a Change of Control and that even if a withdrawal, downgrade or reduction of 
such credit rating occurs in respect of such Change of Control, such put option could not be exercised if, within the 
Change of Control Period, the credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer is reinstated or upgraded. 
In the event of such Change of Control Put Event, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which 
such redemption right is not exercised may become illiquid. In addition, Noteholders having exercised their put 
option may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same 
yield as the redeemed Notes, which may have a negative impact on the Noteholders and reduce the profits anticipated 
by the investors at the time of the issue. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
Exercise of a Put Option, as provided in Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options) and the relevant Final Terms of a particular Series of Notes, in respect of certain Notes may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the relevant 
Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
may become illiquid. As a result, Noteholders holding remaining Notes for which such Put Option has not been 
exercised may not be able to sell such Notes on the market and lose part of their investments in such Notes. 
4. Risks relating to Spanish taxation  
Spanish tax risk in relation to Notes held by Spanish corporate entities  
Despite the Issuer’s opinion that, due to the Notes not being placed in Spain (on the basis that there will be no public 
offer into Spain, as contemplated in “Subscription and Sale―The Kingdom of Spain”) there is a possible exemption 
from withholding tax on payments to Spanish corporate Noteholders, the Spanish tax authorities may determine that 
the Notes have been placed, totally or partially, in Spain and that such exemption does not apply to any of the Notes. 
If such determination were made, the Issuer would be required to make a withholding of tax at the applicable rate, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus 19 per cent., on payments of interest under the Notes and no additional amounts 
will be payable by the Issuer in such circumstances. 
Other Risks in Relation to Spanish Taxation 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of Spanish Law 10/2014, of 26 June and Royal Decree 
1065/2007, as amended, income payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding tax in Spain 
provided that certain information procedures are observed.  
In particular, Royal Decree 1065/2007 provides that any payment of interest made under securities originally 
registered in a non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity recognised by Spanish legislation or by the legislation of 
another Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) country will be made with no 
withholding or deduction from Spanish taxes provided that the relevant information about the Notes (explained under 
section “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes”) is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
In this regard, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of 
information concerning the Notes and the Agency Agreement (as defined herein) provides that the Fiscal Agent will, 
to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning 
the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented, to, among other reasons, reflect a change in 
applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof or to reflect a change in applicable clearing system 
rules or procedures or to add procedures for one or more new clearing systems. See “Taxation — Taxation in Spain”. 
The Issuer will withhold Spanish withholding tax from any payment in respect of any outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes (as applicable) as to which the required information has not been provided at the relevant time and will 
not gross up payments in respect of any such withholding tax. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals (and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax) and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding of tax by such 
depositary or custodian at the rate of 19 per cent. at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If the Spanish tax authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax), the Issuer will be 
bound by that opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding and the Issuer will not, as 
a result, pay additional amounts. In such case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if 
any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can 
comply with its obligations under applicable legislation as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures 
for the collection of relevant information of Noteholders are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new 
procedures and their implications. Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
procedures to ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Managers, the Fiscal Agent, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg assumes any responsibility therefor. 
5. Risks relating to the interest payable on the Notes  
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), investment in Notes which bear interest at a 
floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such 
base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced 
by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment 
of the relevant reference rate and Noteholders could lose part of their investment due to a lower or no return on such 
investment and therefore their interests may be negatively altered.  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated as further described in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, 
so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. 
If the Conditions provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market 
value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes, as applicable (and vice versa) and Noteholders 
could lose part of their investment due to a lower or the absence of return on such investment.

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(f) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), the Issuer could issue Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
that initially bear interest at a rate that will convert automatically on the date set out in the Final Terms from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a 
fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is automatically converted from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating Rate Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes that will 
bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value, the liquidity and the yield of the 
relevant Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their investments. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(g) (Zero Coupon Notes) and the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Zero 
Coupon Notes which will not bear interest and no coupon will be payable prior to the Maturity Date. The prices at 
which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount payable 
at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities and Noteholders may, as a result, 
lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Dual Currency Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(h) (Dual Currency Notes), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes and/or Floating 
Rate Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated. 
An investment in Dual Currency Notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. The Issuer believes that Dual Currency Notes should only be 
purchased by investors who are, or who are purchasing under the guidance of, financial institutions or other 
professional investors that are in a position to understand the special risks that an investment in these instruments 
involves.  
These risks include, among other things, that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile as fluctuations in exchange rates of the relevant currency 
may affect the value of such Notes; 
(ii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur in a different currency than expected as the Issuer may have 
the right under the relevant Notes to make payment in more than one currency; and 
(iii) 
the investors may be exposed to significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates and such fluctuations 
may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange 
rates may affect the actual yield to Noteholders, even if the average level is consistent with their

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
expectations. Currency values related to exchange rates may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces. 
As a result of the above-mentioned risks, the Noteholders could lose all or part of their investments and the Notes 
may become illiquid.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.  
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference 
rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on 
the same benchmark. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes.  
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”) apply to “contributors”, “administrators” and 
“users” of “benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively, and, among other things, (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of 
“benchmarks” (or, if non-EU or non-UK-based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU or UK supervised entities of “benchmarks” of unauthorised administrators. The EU Benchmark 
Regulation and the UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, or 
another “benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK Benchmark Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the benchmark. 
In addition, any other international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference 
to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although 
the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes linked to a 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or 
reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing 
a benchmark.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as €STR as a 
reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds and their adoption as an alternative to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates.  
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is subject to change and development, in terms of the 
methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-free rates and the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing risk-free rates. In particular, 
investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates 
issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining 
any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the 
life of such Notes. 
The Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing €STR or the €STR Compounded Index that differ materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR or €STR Compounded Index referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.  
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical performance 
data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates.

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference €STR or the €STR Compounded Index. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that a risk-free rate is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas an interbank offered rate 
is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, 
investors should be aware that risk-free rates and interbank offered rates may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in 
the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of 
such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
€STR become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default) or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which 
the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
6. Risks relating to the market generally 
No trading market or secondary market for the Notes 
Although applications may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market nor a secondary market will develop. In addition, the ability of the Dealers 
to make a market in the Notes may be impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, 
holding and trading of, and issuing quotations in respect of, the Notes. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors 
such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the Issuer, and the value 
of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, 
the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes selected on pricing of the Notes 
as specified in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), the performance of other instruments linked to the 
reference rates and the level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market 
value of the Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. 
Investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their anticipated yield. 
No investor should purchase Notes unless the investor understands and is able to bear the risk that certain Notes will 
not be readily sellable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such fluctuations will be significant. 
These risk factors could materially and adversely affect the market value of the Notes and, as a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a “Specified Currency” as defined in 
Condition 5(a) (Definitions)). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, the Noteholders may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Market value of the Notes 
Application may be made to admit the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to trading on Euronext Dublin.  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the Werfen Group 
and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events 
in Spain or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder and result in losing 
part of its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
General 
This Base Prospectus includes financial information relating to the Issuer, which has been extracted or derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its subsidiaries as of and for each of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, which have been prepared and presented in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). 
Rounding 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The financial data included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the financial 
performance measures established by IFRS-EU, contain certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) 
as defined in the guidelines issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 October 
2015 on alternative performance measures. These APMs are presented for the purposes of a better understanding 
of the financial performance and financial position of the Werfen Group, as these are used by Werfen when 
making operational or strategic decisions for the Werfen Group. The relevant metrics are identified as APMs 
and accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method, see “Key 
Performance Indicators of the Issuer”. 
Such measures should not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU, are not accounting 
measures within the scope of IFRS-EU and may not be permitted to appear on the face of primary financial 
statements or footnotes thereto. These APMs may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other 
companies. Neither the assumptions underlying the APMs have been audited in accordance with IFRS-EU or 
any generally accepted accounting standards. In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the 
financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
(the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), which have been previously published and have been filed 
with the Central Bank of Ireland. Such sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ 
report and the management report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer and subsidiaries as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “2023 Financial Statements”), available for viewing 
at: 
https://www.werfen.com/files/2023_WERFEN_SA_AND_SUBSIDIARIES_Annual_Accounts_2023.
pdf 
(b) 
the English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ 
report and the management report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer and subsidiaries as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Financial Statements”), available for viewing 
at:  
https://www.werfen.com/sites/default/files/2023-04/20W5qyc8PN5qFMuH15iYpEqKa7DmzO6Iz.pdf 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes set out on pages 41 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 26 April 
2023 relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “2023 
Conditions”), available for viewing at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202304/e99ef5e9-1389-
4c04-ada0-d08f4359369d.pdf 
 
The 2023 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements have been translated from Spanish to English, 
and in case of any discrepancy between the English version and the Spanish version, the Spanish version shall 
prevail. 
Any statement contained in a Document Incorporated by Reference shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise); any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Documents Incorporated by Reference may be obtained, without charge on request, at the 
principal office of the Issuer or of the Fiscal Agent during normal business hours.  
Any information contained in or documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in 
exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant Final Terms, shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as 
the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Werfen, S.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 17 April 2024 agreed between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent, Citibank Europe 
plc as registrar and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency 
Agreement”) and with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 26 April 2023 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, 
the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest 
bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the 
“Public Deed”) before a Spanish public notary in relation to the Notes and will register the Public Deed with 
the Commercial Registry of Barcelona. The Public Deed will contain, among other information, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.  
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified offices 
of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s) and Title  
(a) 
Form: The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the 
case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered 
to the public in a EEA state in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under  
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of those Notes).  
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, which do not bear interest, in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
(b) 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
(c) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the “Specified 
Denomination(s)”).  
(d) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons, shall pass by delivery. 
(ii) 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) (Transfer 
of Registered Notes) or Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of 
Registered Notes) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of 
transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholders’ Options)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be  redeemed by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Conditions 
6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) and 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption 
by the Issuer), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven 
days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status  
The payment obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) under article 281.1 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law, approved 
by Royal Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (as amended from time to time, including, without limitation, by virtue of 
Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the “Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the 
future and subject to any legal and statutory exceptions and subject to any other ranking that may apply as a 
result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)) will qualify as ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) 
as defined in the Insolvency Law and will rank (i) below claims against the insolvency estate (créditos contra 
la masa) and claims with special privilege (créditos con privilegio especial) or general privilege (créditos con 
privilegio general); (ii) pari passu and without any preference among themselves and pari passu with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated claims against the Issuer, present and future; and (iii) above 
subordinated claims and the rights of shareholders. 
Interest on the Notes accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) 
relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the 
Notes shall be suspended from the date of any declaration of insolvency. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create or 
have outstanding, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding, any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) upon the whole or any part 
of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, unless in any 
such case: 
(a) 
before or at the same time as the creation of the Security Interest, any and all action necessary shall have 
been taken to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes are secured equally and rateably with such 
Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee or indemnity, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or not including the 
giving of a Security Interest) is provided in respect of all amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Notes as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
the Security Interest is to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
such Relevant Indebtedness) of a Subsidiary that became a Subsidiary after the Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of the Notes, so long as: 
(i) 
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which such Subsidiary became a Subsidiary 
and was not created in contemplation of such Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary; and 
(ii) 
the principal amount of such Relevant Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
such Relevant Indebtedness) is not increased after the date that such Subsidiary became a 
Subsidiary. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” means consolidated profit (loss) for the period, before income tax, impairment and profit (loss) on 
disposal of financial instruments, exchange differences, finance costs, finance income, other profit (loss) and 
depreciation and amortisation, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by 
the European Union;  
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer:  
(i) 
that has (x) total assets representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries; or (y) revenues representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated revenues of 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or (z) EBITDA representing 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated 
EBITDA of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, in each case calculated by reference to the latest audited 
financial statements of that Subsidiary (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) and the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a Subsidiary which, 
immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary whereupon the transferee Subsidiary shall 
immediately become a Material Subsidiary (and the transferor Subsidiary will thereupon cease to be a

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
Material Subsidiary unless the transferor Subsidiary would continue to be a Material Subsidiary 
following such transfer, under paragraph (i) above); or  
(iii) 
which is acquired after the end of the period to which the latest audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer relate but which, if it had been acquired at the beginning of such period, would have been 
(on a proforma basis) a Material Subsidiary under paragraph (i) above. 
A certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer is or is not, or was or was not, at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or other 
amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other similar debt instruments, 
whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and which are, or are capable 
of being (with the consent of the issuer thereof), quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any regulated 
or unregulated stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; and 
a “Subsidiary” means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended, 
supplemented or updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (copies of which may be obtained 
at www.isda.org).  
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (copies of which may be obtained at www.isda.org). 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor thereto (“T2”) is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a 
“TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s), a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centre(s). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” or “360/360” or “(Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and (ii) in respect of any other period, 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five 
major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR or 
€STR), or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Accrual of Interest) 
and Condition 5(j) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear (except as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(i) (Accrual of Interest) and 
Condition 5(j) (Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination 
shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions (provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of 
any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under which: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, 
is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it 
in the ISDA Definitions; 
(IV) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
a) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
b) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
c) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(V) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and: 
a) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant 
Final Terms; 
b) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
c) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(VI) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
in connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(c) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(d) “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, 
(a) “Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
(b) if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate in accordance with the process specified in sub-paragraph 
(C) below as if such rate(s) were the Reference Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing €STR 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either (i) 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(II) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (C)(I)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(I)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer, who will then provide to the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and  
(III) 
if paragraph (II) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, 
the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, the Relevant 
Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms that the Reference Rate is €STR and Index Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable:  
1. where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and subject as provided below) 
be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; and 
2. where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Accrual Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and subject as provided below) 
be the Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(II) 
Subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(III) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period), (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period) or (iii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period is not the first Interest Accrual Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
(IV) 
If the relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 
(Events of Default), the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(V) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
“Applicable Period” means,  
(i) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Accrual Period; and 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Observation Period. 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means a TARGET Settlement Day. 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period. 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Applicable Period. 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the website of the European Central Bank as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day. 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one 
to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period. 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Business Day. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days); 
(ii) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero; and 
(iii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five Business Days). 
“r” means:

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
(i) 
where in the relevant Final Terms either Lag or Observation Shift is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(x) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
and 
(y) in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); and 
(iii) 
where in the relevant Final Terms Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect 
of such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Interest 
Accrual Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect of 
the Rate Cut-off Date. 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period. 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day 
“i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”. 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means a TARGET Business Day. 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(i) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
(ii) 
where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in 
the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
Index Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin: 
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean €STR Compounded Index, or such other index 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period). 
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined. 
“€STR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily €STR rate as 
published at 9:15 a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank (or 
a successor administrator of €STR) on the European Central Bank’s Market 
Information Dissemination (MID) platform and Statistical Data Warehouse, or any 
successor source.

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
“Index Days” means TARGET Settlement Days. 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 360. 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards). 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be five.  
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of €STR, if, with respect to 
any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded 
Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
Rate of Interest for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) 
as if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be €STR in the case of €STR 
Compounded Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, 
(iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation 
Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (v) D shall be deemed 
to be the Numerator. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of €STR, the provisions 
of Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
(d) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if the Issuer (to the extent practicable, in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the following 
provisions shall apply:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”) a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes;  
(ii) 
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate. If the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each 
case, an Adjustment Spread, is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, 
any Adjustment Spread, shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
Replacement)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer is 
unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the preceding Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that applied to such preceding 
Interest Period for the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest that 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period) or, alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the Rate of Interest for the initial Interest Period; for 
the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may 
also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Interest Determination Date, 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);  
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines the specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread), then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), subject to any further operation 
and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement);  
(vi) 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be 
required in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and to give effect to this Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
Replacement) (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”). Consent of the holders of 
the relevant Notes shall not be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread or such other changes set out in 
this Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), including for the execution of any documents or 
other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required); 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof to 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which shall specify the effective 
date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and any 
consequential changes made to these Conditions; 
(viii) No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Reference Rate and, (z), in each case, the 
relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and Adjustment 
Spread.  
(ix) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and such 
Adjustment Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)), and without prejudice to the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid, be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such 
Reference Rate ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future 
Date”), publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that 
such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes;  
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the “Specified Future Date”), no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense.  
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, any central bank which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, or any other relevant 
supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by, or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (B) any central 
bank which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate, (C) any other 
relevant supervisory or regulatory authority or national legislative body of the country for the 
currency to which the reference rate relates, (D) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other authorities, or (E) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate 
to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(j)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes with 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated. In such case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in which 
interest is/are payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange or a method of calculating Rate(s) of 
Exchange. 
(h) 
Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down 
(i) 
If Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in the event, inter 
alia, of a Step-Up Rating Change or a Step-Down Rating Change, as follows: 
(A) 
subject to paragraph (C) below, for so long as the Rating by the Requisite Number of 
Rating Agencies is an Investment Grade Rating (each as defined in Condition 6(g)), and 
from and including the first Interest Payment Date following the date of a Step-Down 
Rating Change resulting in an Investment Grade Rating from the Requisite Number of 
Rating Agencies, the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes shall be the Initial Interest Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes shall remain at the 
Initial Interest Rate notwithstanding any further increase in the Rating; 
(B) 
subject to paragraphs (A) above and (C) below, from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date (1) following the date of a Step-Up Rating Change resulting in a Rating 
below an Investment Grade Rating from the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies or (2) 
following the date on which the Rating by the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies is 
withdrawn, the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes shall be the Initial Interest Rate plus 
the applicable Step-Up Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, the 
“Increased Rate of Interest”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest payable 
on the Notes shall remain at the Increased Rate of Interest notwithstanding any further 
decrease in the Rating; and 
(C) 
if no Rating is assigned by any Rating Agency or if a Step-Up Rating Change occurs 
resulting in a Rating below an Investment Grade Rating from the Requisite Number of 
Rating Agencies and, subsequently, a Step-Down Rating Change occurs resulting in an 
Investment Grade Rating from the Requisite Number of Rating Agencies during the same 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes shall neither be increased nor 
decreased as a result of either such event. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down), there 
shall be no adjustment in the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes at any time after notice of 
early redemption has been given by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6. 
(iii) 
There shall be no limit on the number of times that adjustments to the Rate of Interest payable on 
the Notes may be made pursuant to this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down) during the 
term of the Notes, provided always that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
Interest payable on the Notes be less than the Initial Interest Rate or more than the Increased Rate 
of Interest. 
(iv) 
In the event the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes is the (x) Increased Rate of Interest, any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest specified hereon shall be increased by 
the Step-Up Margin specified hereon and (y) Initial Interest Rate as a result of a Step-Down 
Rating Change, the Maximum Rate of Interest and the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be restored 
to the Maximum Rate of Interest and the Minimum Rate of Interest specified hereon. 
(v) 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch Ratings or S&P are changed from 
those which are described in this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down), the Issuer shall 
determine acting reasonably and in good faith, the rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch Ratings 
or S&P as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch Ratings or S&P 
and this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down) shall be read accordingly. 
(vi) 
The Fiscal Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step-Down Rating 
Change or a Step-Up Rating Change has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
(vii) 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment in the Rate of Interest 
payable on the Notes pursuant to this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down) to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent and notice thereof to be given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of the relevant event. 
(viii) For the purposes of this Condition 5(h) (Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down): 
“Initial Interest Rate” means the initial Rate of Interest either specified or calculated in 
accordance with the provisions hereon; 
“Requisite Number of Rating Agencies” means  
(I)  
if at the relevant time one Rating Agency has assigned a Rating, such single Rating 
Agency; 
(II)  
if at the relevant time two Rating Agencies have assigned a Rating, (y) in respect of 
Condition 5(h)(i)(A) above or in the event of a Step-Down Rating Change resulting in an 
Investment Grade Rating in accordance with Condition 5(h)(i)(C) above, two Rating 
Agencies or otherwise (x) one Rating Agency; and  
(III)  if at the relevant time more than two Rating Agencies have assigned a Rating, at least two 
Rating Agencies; 
‘‘Step-Down Rating Change’’ means the public announcement by any Rating Agency assigning 
a Rating of an increase in, or confirmation of, the Rating or, as the case may be, of a Rating being 
assigned, provided, in each case, that at any time where there is a Rating assigned by more than 
one Rating Agency, a Step-Down Rating Change shall occur upon the relevant public 
announcement by the last Rating Agency to announce an increase to, or confirmation of, the 
Rating or the assignment of a Rating; and 
‘‘Step-Up Rating Change’’ means the public announcement by any Rating Agency assigning a 
Rating of a decrease in, or confirmation of, the Rating or, as the case may be, of a Rating being 
assigned, provided, in each case that at any time where there is a Rating assigned by more than 
two Rating Agencies a Step-Up Rating Change shall occur upon the relevant public 
announcement by the second Rating Agency to announce a decrease in, or confirmation of, the 
Rating or the assignment of a Rating.

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
(i) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)). 
(j) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:  
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(k) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent 
shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the applicable rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) 
(Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so 
require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(j) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) below)) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6(b). 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
(c) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the 
“Optional Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption Amount, which shall be the Make Whole 
Redemption Price.  
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Make Whole Redemption Price” means, in respect of each Note, an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent after consultation with the Issuer and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the relevant day count basis) at the Reference Dealer 
Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in the case of either (x) 
or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer 
decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option), the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
will be calculated taking into account the Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity 
Call Option) and not to the Maturity Date; 
“Determination Agent” means a financial adviser or bank which is independent of the Issuer, appointed 
by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make Whole Redemption Price; 
“Reference Dealers” means five credit institutions or financial services institutions that regularly deal 
in bonds and other debt securities as selected by Determination Agent after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date (i) the arithmetic average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Security at 11.00 a.m. Central European time on the third (3rd) business day in Madrid, Spain 
preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent after consultation 
with the Issuer by the Reference Dealers after excluding the highest and lowest of such quotations; or 
(ii) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than five quotations, the arithmetic average of all quotations 
obtained;

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
“Reference Security” means the security specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a similar security will be chosen by the Determination 
Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day in Madrid, Spain preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Determination Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
The Reference Dealer Rate will be notified by the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Determination Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer). 
The Determination Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for the Issuer or the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option 
Date (included and as specified in the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than (i) three (3) months 
before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years or (ii) six (6) 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of more than ten years. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years (or such shorter maturity as may be specified in the Final Terms) shall be determined 
as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
(e) 
Substantial Purchase Event: If Substantial Purchase Event is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the event that 25 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes (including any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues)) remains 
outstanding, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) in accordance with Condition 14, (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Notes in that Series at their Substantial Purchase Event Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption, provided that those Notes of such Series that are no longer 
outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer at the option of the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) or 
Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), in each case, at an amount exceeding the 
Substantial Purchase Event Redemption Amount. 
(f) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Payments and Talons) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent: 
(A) 
a certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and 
(B) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(g) 
Redemption or Purchase at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control Put Event: If 
a Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and at any time 
while any Note remains outstanding a Change of Control occurs, and during the Change of Control 
Period there is a Rating Event (a “Change of Control Put Event”) each Noteholder will have the option 
(the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, before the giving of the Change of Control Put Option 
Notice (as defined below), the Issuer shall have given notice of its intention to redeem the Notes under 
this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s 
option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note at the nominal amount of such Note, together 
with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Change of Control Put Date (as defined below).  
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then, within fourteen (14) days of the occurrence of the Change 
of Control Put Event, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Option Notice”) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control 
Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 
6(g). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option a Noteholder must, during the period commencing on the 
occurrence of a Change of Control Put Event and ending 60 days after such occurrence or, if later, 60 
days after the date on which the Change of Control Put Option Notice is given to Noteholders as required 
by this Condition 6(g) (the “Change of Control Put Period”) deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Change of Control Put 
Option Notice”) and in which the Noteholder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
made under this Condition 6(g). Upon the deposit of the Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons) or Certificate with the Registrar, a Paying Agent or a Transfer Agent, as the case 
may be, the Fiscal Agent shall deliver a duly completed receipt (the “Change of Control Put Option 
Receipt”) to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Change of 
Control Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 6(g), may be withdrawn; provided that if, 
prior to the relevant Change of Control Put Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused on the Change of Control Put 
Date, the Fiscal Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Change of Control Put Option Notice and the 
Registrar or the relevant Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Change of 
Control Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by the Registrar or the relevant 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, in accordance with this Condition 6(g), the depositor 
of such Note and not the Registrar or the relevant Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, 
shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase or procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of 
which the  Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as provided above, and subject to 
the transfer of such Notes to, or to the account of, the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer as 
described above, on the date (the “Change of Control Put Date”) which is seven days after the 
expiration of the Change of Control Put Period unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made on the Change of Control Put Date to the 
bank account specified in the relevant Change of Control Put Option Notice. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred each time (whether or not approved by the 
board of directors of the Issuer) that any person or persons acting in concert or any person acting on 
behalf of such person(s) (other than, in each case, any member(s) of the Rubiralta Family) shall acquire 
or control (i) more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or 
the majority of the members of the Issuer’s board of directors or other governing body, whether obtained 
directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share capital, the possession of Voting 
Rights, contract or otherwise. References to acquiring, having or ceasing to have “control” in these 
Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: (i) the date 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control; and (ii) the date of the first Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (if any), and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which 
any Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for Rating review or, as the case may be, Rating by a Rating 
Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Investment Grade Rating” means, any Rating which is (i) with respect to S&P, within any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories), (ii) with 
respect to Moody’s, within any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories) or (iii) with respect to Fitch Ratings, within any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or public statement 
by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential 
bidder relating to any potential Change of Control;

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
“Rating” means a long term credit rating assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes by a Rating Agency 
which has been solicited by, or assigned with the cooperation of, the Issuer; 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”); (b) 
Moody’s Investors Service España S.A. (“Moody’s”); or (c) Fitch Ratings Ireland Spanish Branch, 
Sucursal en España (“Fitch Ratings”), and, in each case, their respective successors and affiliates; 
A “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if: 
(i) 
there is a Rating by any Rating Agency at the time the Change of Control Period begins and 
within the Change of Control Period the Rating by any Rating Agency is: (1) withdrawn (and is 
not, during the Change of Control Period, subsequently reinstated); (2) ceases to be an Investment 
Grade Rating (and is not, during the Change of Control Period, subsequently upgraded to an 
Investment Grade Rating); or (3) if the Rating assigned to the Issuer and/or any Notes by any 
Rating Agency which is current at the time the Change of Control Period begins is below an 
Investment Grade Rating, that Rating is lowered one full rating notch by any Rating Agency (for 
example, BB+ to BB by S&P) (and is not, during the Change of Control Period, subsequently 
upgraded to its previous rating level), provided that a Rating Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the relevant Rating Agency, despite 
withdrawing or lowering the ratings does not publicly announce or confirm in writing to the Issuer 
that the reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance 
comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control; or 
(ii) 
there is no Rating by any Rating Agency at the time the Change of Control Period begins and by 
the time the Change of Control Period ends (A) there is still no Rating by any Rating Agency, or 
(B) there is a Rating by any Rating Agency but that Rating is not an Investment Grade Rating, 
save that no Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if, on the 
last day of the Change of Control Period, there is a Rating by any Rating Agency that is an Investment 
Grade Rating;  
“Rubiralta Family” means, collectively: 
(i) 
Marc Rubiralta, Jordi Rubiralta, José Luis Rubiralta, Xavier Rubiralta and their respective 
children, grandchildren and spouses; 
(ii) 
the legatees and successors of any person described in limb (i) above; 
(iii) 
the executor, administrator or other representative of any person described in limbs (i) or (ii) 
above who is deceased, incompetent or incapacitated; and 
(iv) 
any trust held for the benefit of any of the persons described in limbs (i), (ii) or (iii) above; and 
“Voting Rights” means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer 
(irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might have, 
voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If the Put Option 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days’ notice to the 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(j) (Early Redemption 
of Zero Coupon Notes) below)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No 
Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Redemption of Dual Currency Notes: The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes 
with principal payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. In such case, the relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant currency(ies) in 
which principal is payable and the applicable Rate(s) of Exchange. 
(j) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), 
Condition 6(e) (Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), Condition 6(g) (Redemption or Purchase at the option of Noteholders following 
a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial 
Redemption), Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 6(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 6(e) (Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 
6(f) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), Condition 6(g) (Redemption or Purchase at the option 
of Noteholders following a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 6(h) (Redemption 
at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Zero Coupon Notes). Where

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(c) (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer), 
Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 6(e) (Substantial Purchase Event), 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), Condition 6(g) (Redemption or Purchase at the 
option of Noteholders following a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 6(h) (Redemption 
at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options), or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Final Redemption Amount, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall have the right at 
all times to purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations.  
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in paragraph (v) of Condition 7(f) 
(Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
paragraph (v) of Condition 7(f) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank.  
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying 
Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by the applicable rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other than 
Dual Currency Notes), those Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, comprising a Floating Rate Note, Dual 
Currency Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in 
the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET 
Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could have been able to avoid such deduction or 
withholding by presenting, in a timely manner, a valid certificate of tax residence and/or such 
other document evidencing its tax residence required by the competent tax authorities or in 
relation to whom the Issuer does not receive any relevant information as may be required in order 
to comply with Spanish tax disclosure obligations at that time (including due to any failure by 
the Fiscal Agent to provide the information required by Royal Decree 1065/2007); or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to the Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with applicable 
exemption requirements including those specified in the reply to a non-binding Consultation of 
the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and 
require a withholding to be made; or 
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment in full will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (a “FATCA Withholding Tax”), and neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
(d) 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Kingdom of Spain, 
references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as references to the Kingdom 
of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default” and together “Events of Default”) occurs and is 
continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such 
Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable without further action 
or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven (7) 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes 
within fourteen (14) days of the due date for payment thereof; or  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any of its other obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within thirty 
(30) days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to 
the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(c) 
Cross default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to 
its stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like 
(howsoever described); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above 
and/or the amount payable under any guarantee or indemnity referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above 
equals or exceeds €50,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates; or 
(d) 
Insolvency, etc: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) 
insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or 
suspend payment of all or substantially all of its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of its debts 
generally or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or substantially all of the 
debts of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(e) 
Winding up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) while 
solvent or (ii) otherwise on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(f) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process for an amount equal 
to or in excess of €50,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
(g) 
Enforcement of charges: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance present or future 
securing an amount equal to or in excess of €50,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle 
spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which 
this paragraph operates), created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable or any step is taken to enforce it (including by the taking of possession or the appointment 
of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person); or 
(h) 
Illegality: it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under or in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Analogous event: any event occurs has a similar effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs 
(d), (e), (f) and (g) above. 
Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported 
to the insolvency administrator (administrador concursal) within one month from the announcement of the 
insolvency declaration in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado), (ii) actions deemed 
detrimental for the insolvent estate of the insolvency debtor carried out during the two year period preceding 
(A) the date of its petition of declaration of insolvency; or (B) the notice to the court regarding the initiation of 
negotiations or the intention to commence them (as long as (a) a restructuring plan has not been approved and 
homologated; or (b) the insolvency declaration takes place within one  year from the end of the effects of the 
notice may be subject to claw-back, (iii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by 
reason only of the other’s insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iv) accrual of interest (other than (A) legal 
interests in respect of wage credits in favour of employees and (B) ordinary interest –i.e. not default interests- 
accruing under secured liabilities, reported to the insolvency administrator (administrador concursal) as 
contingent credits, which will accrue up to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security or the 
maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security interests) shall be suspended from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date and unpaid (other than ordinary 
interest –i.e. not default interests- accruing under secured liabilities, reported to the insolvency administrator 
(administrador concursal) as contingent credits, which will accrue up to the lower of the value of the asset 
subject to the security or the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security interests) shall become 
subordinated. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) 
or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, provided, however, that certain proposals (including 
any proposal to (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating 
any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Nominal Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes or (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution (each, a “Reserved Matter”)) may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or, at any adjourned meeting, not less than 25 
per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Subject to 
compliance with the quorum requirements referred to above, any Extraordinary Resolution shall be duly 
passed by a majority of the votes cast at any such meeting and shall be binding on all the Noteholders 
and Couponholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was 
passed). 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding no less than 75 per 
cent. in principal of the outstanding Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a 
meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Substitution: If Issuer Substitution is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer, or 
any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any 
company (the “Substitute”) that is a Subsidiary or an affiliate of the Issuer, provided that no payment 
in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution shall be made by 
a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”) to be substantially in the form exhibited to the Agency Agreement, and 
may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by 
(or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax 
purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the 
Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, 
as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, 
relating to the substitution; 
(ii) 
unless the Substitute is the ultimate parent company of the Issuer’s group, the obligations of the 
Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons shall be unconditionally 
guaranteed by the Issuer (or, if different, the ultimate parent company of the Issuer’s group) (the 
“Guarantor”) by means of the Deed Poll (the “Guarantee”), provided that a substitution shall

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
only take place without a Guarantee being provided or with a Guarantee being provided by an 
entity other than the Issuer, where the Issuer has made prior enquiries with each Rating Agency 
that has assigned a rating to the Notes (if any) and the result of such enquiries is that no 
Substitution Rating Downgrade would be reasonably expected to occur following such 
substitution. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(c) (Substitution), a “Substitution Rating Downgrade” 
means a lowering of the Rating assigned to the Notes by a Rating Agency as a result of, or in 
respect of, the substitution of the Issuer taking place in accordance with this Condition 11(c) 
(Substitution) without the Issuer having provided a Guarantee; 
(iii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Guarantee, the Notes, Coupons, 
Talons and Deed of Covenant (together, the “Documents”) represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and/or the Guarantor (as applicable), and in the case of 
the Deed Poll and the Guarantee have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and 
effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute and the Guarantor (as applicable) shall have become party to the Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party 
to it; 
(v) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing has been addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent to the effect that the Documents represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the 
substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material 
to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
References in Condition 9 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Deed Poll and the events listed in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be deemed 
to include the Guarantee not being (or being claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect 
and the provisions of Conditions 9(c) (Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary) to 9(h) (Illegality) 
inclusive shall also be deemed to apply to the Guarantor. 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13 Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be 
published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and or admitted to trading. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice required to be given pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15 Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first 
currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the 
ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to 
it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
16 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
17 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: Except with respect to Condition 3 (Status), the Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by English law. Condition 3 
(Status) is governed by Spanish law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute regarding any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 17(b) 
(English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered 
to the attention of the Financial Manager of Werfen Limited, with registered office at 712 The Quadrant, 
Cavendish Avenue, Birchwood, Warrington, WA3 6DE, England, or to such other person with an address 
in England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice 
in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the Common Depositary) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any 
nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the 
Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, 
the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of 
the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership substantially 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only.  
3.3 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, the following 
will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest). Definitive Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set 
out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with 
the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note 
is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and the Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer has undertaken, inter alia, to pay 
interest in respect of such Notes from the Interest Commencement Date in arrear at the rates, on the dates 
for payment, and in accordance with the method of calculation provided for in the Conditions, save that 
the calculation is made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note or Global Certificate. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)). 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be affected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the  certificate numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise 
of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the 
Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be).

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent  
and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, 
where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, 
or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN 
or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount 
of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) by stating in the 
notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the 
terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer on 26 April 2023 to come into effect in 
relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the 
persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as 
accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note 
or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the 
Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, 
no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer 
of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been 
improperly withheld or refused. 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and the rules of 
that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) or in a leading daily English language newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times).

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and  
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in 
the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is 
held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to 
be defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be 
issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes under the Programme from time to time will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE BUSINESS 
Incorporation and Status 
The Issuer was incorporated in Barcelona (Spain) on 26 February 1981, under the name of Corporación Hospitalaria, 
S.A. In 1990, it changed its name to Grupo CH Werfen, S.A., in 2007, to Werfenlife Group, S.A., and in 2014, to 
Werfenlife, S.A. In 2022, the Issuer adopted its current name, Werfen, S.A. It is a limited liability company (sociedad 
anónima) and operates under the laws of Spain. The registered office of the Issuer is at Plaza Europa, 21-23, 08908 
L’Hospitalet de Llobregat, Barcelona and its telephone number is +34 934 010 101. The Issuer holds Spanish tax 
identification number A-08754111 and is registered with the Commercial Registry of Barcelona under volume 4,853, 
book 4,172, section 2, page 157 and sheet 54,551. Its legal entity identifier (“LEI”) is 9598003BHZ02SG7LKD16 
and its website is www.werfen.com.  
The Issuer is a holding company and the ultimate parent company of the Werfen Group.  
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer is represented by 21,904,068.00 fully subscribed 
and paid shares, with a par value of €5.87 each.  
Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ultimate shareholders of the Issuer are Marc Rubiralta, Jordi Rubiralta, 
Jose Luis Rubiralta and Xavier Rubiralta, each holding indirectly 25% of the Issuer’s share capital. 
The Issuer’s articles of association contain certain provisions safeguarding the Issuer’s interests, including an express 
objects clause which stipulates that the shareholders exercise any and all rights attached to the shares of the Issuer in 
such a manner as to safeguard the interests of the Issuer, including in relation to any of the voting rights to the shares 
in the Issuer. 
History 
For information on the history of the Issuer and the Werfen Group, please refer to the section entitled “—History” 
below. 
Principal Activities 
For a description of the principal activities of the Issuer and the Werfen Group, please refer to the section titled 
“―Werfen’s Business” below . 
Management  
Board of Directors 
The following table sets out the name and title of each member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer as well as their 
principal activities performed outside the Werfen Group where these are significant with respect to the Issuer, in 
each case, as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Plaza Europa, 21-23, 08908 L’Hospitalet de 
Llobregat, Barcelona, Spain.

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
Name 
Date of first 
appointment 
Title 
Principal activities 
outside the Werfen 
Group 
Blanhiblar Management, S.L. 
represented by Mr. Marc Rubiralta ................  
 
05/08/2013 
 
President 
 
— 
Lajaar Control Management, S.L.U. 
represented by Mr. Jordi Rubiralta ................  
 
05/08/2013 
 
Director 
 
Family Office 
El Sot de les Cordes Management, S.L.U. 
represented by Mr. José Luis Rubiralta .........  
 
05/08/2013 
 
Director 
Non-profit 
organisation 
Molaris Control Management, S.L.U. 
represented by Mr. Xavier Rubiralta..............  
 
05/08/2013 
 
Director 
 
Family Office 
Mr. Carlos Pascual .........................................  
03/06/2013 
CEO and Director 
— 
 
 
 
 
Ms. Belén Romana .........................................  
21/07/2022 
Independent Director 
Advisor and member 
of several boards. 
Expert in the field of 
Banking and Finance 
and Risk, Audit and 
Compliance 
Ms. Nina Fleurie Beikert ................................  
21/07/2022 
Independent Director 
CEO of Labor Berlin 
- Charité Vivantes 
Mr. Germán Castejón .....................................  
03/06/2015 
Independent Director 
Banking sector 
advisor. Expert in the 
field of Finance and 
Family business 
Mr. Luis Cantarell ..........................................  
04/04/2019 
Independent Director 
Advisor and member 
of several boards. 
Expert in Health and 
Nutrition 
Mr. Miquel Roca ............................................  
24/02/2014 
Secretary Non-
Director 
Corporate lawyer at 
Roca Junyent 
Ms. María Isabel Madruga .............................   
15/03/2023 
Vice-Secretary Non-
Director 
__ 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee (Comité de Dirección) of the Issuer is composed of Blanhiblar Management, S.L. 
represented by Mr. Marc Rubiralta (Chairman), Mr. Carlos Pascual and Mr. Luis Cantarell.

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
Conflicts of interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts, and no 
actual conflicts, between the particular interests of the Issuer’s directors and the members of the Issuer’s Executive 
Committee on the one hand and the interests of the Issuer on the other.

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
Overview 
Werfen is a global leader in In Vitro Diagnostics (“IVD”) in terms of revenue (source: internal estimates based on 
independent IVD consultants and public disclosure) and is committed to providing innovative diagnostics solutions 
for specialised disciplines for hospitals and commercial laboratories for the improvement of patient care and 
healthcare efficiency. Werfen’s IVD offering covers, among other things, developing, manufacturing and selling 
systems, reagents and data management for Hemostasis, Acute Care Diagnostics, Transfusion, Autoimmunity, 
Transplant, molecular diagnostics solutions, as well as Original Equipment Manufacturing (“OEM”). Healthcare 
providers around the world depend on Werfen’s products in hospitals, commercial laboratories and in acute care 
settings and Werfen estimates that its customers use its reagents and systems to test more than 2 million patient 
samples every day.  
Werfen is a family-owned business founded in 1966 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it operates directly 
in more than 30 countries and it is present in more than 100 territories through third-party distributors. For the year 
ended 31 December 2023, Werfen generated revenues of €2,106 million (€1,840 million in 2022) and its Adjusted 
EBITDA amounted to €517 million in 2023 (€449 million in 2022). During the year ended 31 December 2023, 
Werfen generated, by location of customers, 36.31% of its total revenues in Western Europe, 32.54% in North 
America, 17.87% in Asia-Pacific, 7.27% in LATAM and 6.00% in EEMEA. Werfen’s IVD revenues accounted for 
92.09% of the total revenues for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
Werfen leverages its installed base of IVD systems by selling the reagents and other consumables repeatedly and 
offering a diverse range of value-added services to support its customers, such as training and education. Werfen 
also develops its own clinical software solutions designed for its instruments.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen’s main research and development (“R&D”) and manufacturing 
facilities are located in Bedford, Massachusetts (USA), Orangeburg, New York (USA), San Diego, California (USA), 
Norcross, Georgia (USA), Waukesha, Wisconsin (USA), Warren, New Jersey (USA), Halifax, Nova Scotia 
(Canada), Munich (Germany) and Barcelona (Spain). As at 31 December 2023, Werfen employed 7,095 people 
worldwide. 
Set forth below is a simplified overview of the structure of Werfen’s business as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Global Headquarters 
Transplant 
Barcelona, Spain  
Waukesha, WI, USA 
Hemostasis & Acute Care 
Warren, NJ, USA 
Bedford, MA, USA 
Original Equipment Manufacturing 
Orangeburg, NY, USA 
Barcelona, Spain  
San Diego, CA, USA 
Clinical Chemistry 
Munich, Germany 
Ascoli, Italy 
Transfusion 
Infusion Therapy 
Norcross, GA, USA  
Barcelona, Spain 
Waukesha, WI, USA 
Medical Devices(1) 
Warren, NJ, USA 
Barcelona, Spain 
Halifax, NS, Canada

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
Autoimmunity 
 
San Diego, CA, USA 
 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) On 19 March 2024, Werfen announced an agreement to sell its Medical Devices distribution business. See “—Recent 
Developments”. 
Affiliates and representative offices: 
Werfen has affiliates and representative offices in the following countries: Spain, Portugal, Italy, France, the United 
Kingdom, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Czech Republic, Poland, Russia, Lithuania, the 
United States, Canada, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Uruguay, UAE, Saudi Arabia, India, Thailand, Taiwan, Indonesia, 
China, South Korea, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand. 
History  
Through a combination of internal development, partnerships and selective acquisitions, Werfen was transformed 
into a global leader in IVD in terms of revenue (source: internal estimates based on independent IVD consultants and 
public disclosure). 
Key events in its history include, among other things, the following milestones:  
1966-1990: 
▪ 
In 1966, Mr. José Maria Rubiralta founded Izasa, S.L., a privately-owned company dedicated to the 
distribution of clinical diagnostic products, which was the foundation of what later became Werfen.  
▪ 
In 1973, Werfen took its first steps into manufacturing and founded Biokit, S.A.  
▪ 
In 1979, Werfen expanded its activities into Latin America.  
1991-2004: 
▪ 
In 1991, Werfen acquired Instrumentation Laboratory Company, a company based in the United States 
dedicated to hemostasis and blood gas systems. 
▪ 
In 1996, Werfen expanded its hemostasis and blood gas business, acquiring Chromogenix AB (Sweden) 
and Mallinckrodt Sensor Systems, Inc. (U.S.). 
▪ 
In 1999, Werfen strengthened its leadership position in hemostasis diagnostics by acquiring Hemoliance, 
Inc. (U.S.). 
▪ 
In 2000, Werfen launched GEM Premier 3000, an innovative multi-test cartridge standardised Acute Care 
testing platform. 
▪ 
In 2004, Werfen launched ACL TOP, an advanced platform for automated Hemostasis testing. 
2005-2011: 
▪ 
In 2008, Werfen acquired Inova Diagnostics, Inc. (San Diego, U.S.) and expanded its diagnostics business 
to autoimmunity. That same year, Werfen launched its Instrumentation Laboratory Technology Center in 
Bedford, Massachusetts (U.S.).  
▪ 
In 2009, Werfen acquired the autoimmune diagnostics business of The Binding Site Ltd. (U.K.), further 
expanding its autoimmunity diagnostics activities. 
▪ 
In 2011, Werfen inaugurated the Werfen Tower, its headquarters in Barcelona (Spain).

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
2012-present: 
▪ 
In 2016, Werfen launched its logistics centres for Spain and Portugal, located in Tarancón (Cuenca, Spain). 
That same year, it acquired Tem Innovations GmbH (Germany) and expanded its expertise in viscoelastic 
technology and patient blood management at the point-of-care.  
▪ 
In 2017, Werfen acquired Accriva Diagnostics Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), a company dedicated to whole blood 
hemostasis testing at the point-of-care. That same year, it launched its Biokit Technology Center, located 
near Barcelona (Spain).  
▪ 
In 2021, Werfen announced that its companies, including Instrumentation Laboratory, Inova Diagnostics 
and Biokit were uniting under one corporate name and brand -Werfen. As part of this process, Werfen 
completed organisational transitions and adopted a new global brand identity, including a new corporate 
logo. 
▪ 
On 14 March 2023, to further expand its portfolio of specialised diagnostic solutions, Werfen completed 
the acquisition of Immucor, Inc. (“Immucor”), a leading provider of transfusion and transplant diagnostic 
products headquartered in the United States, for approximately U.S.$1.9 billion. Immucor specialises in 
Transfusion and Transplant IVD solutions, with direct channels in 15 countries (including in the United 
States and the European Union) and a presence in more than 100 countries via distributors. 
Recent Developments 
On 19 March 2024, Werfen announced an agreement to sell its Medical Devices distribution business for an amount 
of approximately €100 million. The transaction is subject to customary regulatory approvals and is expected to be 
completed in the third quarter of 2024. Werfen expects to use the net proceeds from the sale to partially repay its 
existing term loan facility, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus has an outstanding principal amount of €1,160 
million. 
Key Financial Information and Business Performance of the Werfen Group 
The following tables set forth certain key consolidated financial information of Werfen for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022. See also “Presentation of Financial Information”. 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Change 
2023-2022 
 
(unaudited)(1) 
 
(€ in thousands) 
REVENUE(2) .............................  
2,105,863 
1,840,077 
14.4% 
In Vitro Diagnostics ..............  
1,939,331 
1,671,352 
16.0% 
Hemostasis ........................  
684,197 
698,607 
(2.1)% 
Acute Care Dx ..................  
596,648 
561,233 
6.3% 
Transfusion and 
Transplant(3) ......................  
266,611 
— 
N/A 
Autoimmunity ....................  
170,560 
161,538 
5.6% 
Other IVD(4) ......................  
221,315 
249,974 
(11.5)% 
Medical Devices(5) ..................  
166,532 
168,725 
(1.3)%

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
_______________________________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Unless indicated otherwise. 
(2) 
Extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements for each year. 
(3) 
Transfusion and Transplant are composed by €225 million of Transfusion and €42 million of Transplant. 
(4) 
Other IVD covers Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM), clinical chemistry, serology, Laboratory Information 
Systems (“LIS”), molecular diagnostics and other distributed third-party IVD products. 
(5) 
On 19 March 2024, Werfen announced an agreement to sell its Medical Devices distribution business. See “—Recent 
Developments”. 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2023 
2022 
 
(unaudited) 
SALES BY PRODUCT TYPE 
 
 
Reagents, consumables, and technical service………… 
94% 
93% 
Instruments and other………………………………….. 
6% 
7% 
In Vitro Diagnostics…………………………………….. 
100% 
100% 
 
As of 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Net Financial Debt amounted to €1,871 million (€270 million as of 31 December 
2022) and its Net Financial Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio was 3.6x (0.6x as of 31 December 2022). See also “—
Indebtedness” below. 
The revenues from Werfen’s core IVD business lines combined (Hemostasis, Acute Care Diagnostics and 
Autoimmunity) for the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by 2.1% when compared to 2022. This was mainly 
due to the Acute Care and Autoimmunity business lines, both lines growing at 6.3% and 5.6%, respectively, driven 
by recent key product launches, which offset the normalisation of the Hemostasis business after the decline of 
COVID-19 related revenues. This normalisation caused the revenues of the Hemostasis business line to decrease by 
2.1%. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, other IVD revenues decreased by 11.5% when compared to 2022, as 2022 
included the revenues from the distribution of PCR tests, especially during the first quarter of 2022. Revenues 
deriving from Werfen’s Medical Devices business line also decreased by 1.3% for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
when compared to 2022. 
Moreover, in 2023 Werfen’s revenues were impacted not only by the loss of COVID-19 related sales, but also by 
U.S. sanctions on Russia, resulting in a decline of revenues in the country compared to 2022, as well as the negative 
impact of foreign exchange-rates (especially the Chinese RMB).  
The acquisition of Immucor added the new verticals, Transfusion and Transplant, to Werfen’s core IVD business. 
Including the revenues from these business lines, Werfen’s IVD business grew by 16.0% compared to the year ended 
31 December 2022. Due to the acquisition of Immucor, the overall growth of Werfen’s revenue including both the 
IVD and Medical Devices businesses was 14.4%. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Gross Profit margin remained at 57%, in line with pre-pandemic 
levels. The general increase in expenses (COGS, Opex, R&D) was mainly caused by the inclusion of Immucor’s 
operations starting in March 2023. Non-recurring expenses include Immucor-related M&A and integration expenses, 
among other things, which impacted Operating Profit causing a decrease of 2.4% when compared to 2022. Net Profit

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
decreased 32.7% when compared to 2022 as a result of interest expenses related to the financing of the acquisition 
of Immucor. 
The following tables set forth certain key consolidated financial information of Werfen for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
Year ended  
31 December  
Unaudited (1) 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Change  
2023-2022 
 
(€ in millions) 
 
Sales(2) …………………… 
2,106 
1,840 
14.4% 
COGS(3)(4)…………………….. 
(896) 
(788) 
13.7% 
Gross Profit(3)(5) …………..… 
1,210 
1,052 
15.0% 
Opex(3)(7)……………………... 
(659) 
(574) 
14.7% 
R&D expense(3) ……………… 
(169) 
(134) 
26.2% 
Non-recurring expenses(3)(8)….. 
(88) 
(30) 
192.1% 
EBIT(3)(6) …………………….. 
294 
314 
(6.3%) 
Other losses/(gains)(2) ……….. 
12 
(0) 
 
Operating Profit(2)………… 
306 
314 
(2.4%) 
Net Profit(2) ……………….. 
169 
251 
(32.7%) 
_______________________________ 
Notes: 
(1) Unless indicated otherwise. 
(2) Extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of each year. 
(3) Unaudited.  
(4) Cost of goods sold (COGS) includes cost of materials, technical service costs, amortization of rented equipment and 
other adjustments to Gross Profit. 
(5) Revenue minus COGS. 
(6) See “Key Performance Indicators of the Issuer” for an explanation of this APM. 
(7) Opex includes personnel costs (excluding R&D and technical service, as well as severance expenses), commercial 
activity and marketing costs, supply chain costs, and asset amortisation. 
(8) Non-recurring expenses include Corporate Social Responsibility expenses, severance expenses, amortisation of 
intangible assets from acquisitions, external expenses linked to M&A activity, and expenses linked to the integration of 
Immucor.

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Change  
2023-2022 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(€ in millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
Margins(1) and other metrics 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA(2)………… 
517 
449 
15.1% 
EBITDA(2)…………………… 
483 
446 
8.4% 
Gross Profit margin(2)………… 
57.4% 
57.2% 
0.2pp 
Adjusted EBITDA margin(2)…. 
24.5% 
24.4% 
0.1pp 
EBITDA margin(2)…………… 
23.0% 
24.2% 
(1.2)pp 
Net Profit margin(2)………… 
8.0% 
13.6% 
(5.6)pp 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Calculated over total revenue. 
(2) 
See “Key Performance Indicators of the Issuer” for an explanation of this APM. 
Werfen’s Business 
Werfen offers IVD products and services globally, specialising in Hemostasis, Acute Care Diagnostics, Transfusion, 
Autoimmunity and Transplant systems, reagents and data management solutions, Medical Devices as well as other 
IVD products and services. On 19 March 2024, Werfen announced an agreement to sell its Medical Devices 
distribution business. See “—Recent Developments” above. 
IVD - Overview 
IVD testing is performed outside the body, using blood, bodily fluid or tissue samples. IVD is invaluable to medical 
professionals worldwide, allowing rapid diagnosis and monitoring of conditions and diseases, with minimal 
discomfort or risk to the patient. IVD test products are useful to diagnose, monitor, screen and assess susceptibilities 
to diseases, which aids physician decision-making throughout the patient journey. IVD is essential in facilitating 
early, targeted treatments, reducing hospitals stays, improving healthcare outcomes, and minimising treatment costs 
and Werfen estimates that IVD testing impacts approximately 70% of all medical decisions. 
The vast majority of IVD testing (approximately 73%, according to the IVD Industry Review by Enterprise Analysis 
Corporation) is performed by central laboratories (hospital labs, private reference labs and blood bank labs). The 
point of care (“POC”) market (representing approximately 12%) has seen increased IVD testing in urgent care 
centres, retail clinics and community clinics, while the consumer testing market (either physician-directed or over-
the-counter) accounts for approximately 15% of the market.  
Werfen develops, manufactures and sells integrated solutions for IVD testing primarily in the areas of Hemostasis, 
Acute Care Diagnostics, Transfusion, Autoimmunity and Transplant. The revenues from Werfen’s IVD business line 
amounted to €1,939 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 (€1,671 million for 2022), accounting for 92% of 
its total revenues for 2023.  
Werfen leverages its installed base of IVD instruments by selling the reagents and other consumables repeatedly, 
providing technical service and offering a diverse range of value-added services to support its customers, such as 
providing training and education. Werfen also develops its own clinical software solutions.

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
94% of Werfen’s total revenues from its IVD business line in 2023 related to the sale of reagents and other 
consumables and the delivery of technical service. 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding Werfen’s IVD business line. 
 
 
Hemostasis 
 
Acute Care Dx 
 
Transfusion 
 
Autoimmunity 
 
Transplant 
 
Other IVD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key Solutions 
 
Solutions to 
diagnose and 
guide treatment 
of thrombotic 
and bleeding 
disorders 
 
Integrated 
diagnostic 
solutions for 
the 
management of 
patients in 
hospital acute 
care settings: 
emergency 
departments; 
cardiovascular, 
trauma, 
transplant 
operating 
rooms; 
intensive care 
units and 
procedure areas 
 
Solutions to 
diagnose and 
ensure donor-
recipient 
compatibility 
and deliver 
accurate, pre-
transfusion test 
results, 
efficiently and 
productively 
 
Solutions to 
support the 
diagnosis, 
stratification 
and monitoring 
of autoimmune 
system diseases 
such as 
connective 
tissue disease, 
rheumatoid 
arthritis or 
celiac disease 
 
Solutions to 
diagnose and 
determine the 
donor-recipient 
compatibility 
and increase 
the likelihood 
of graft 
survival, 
minimising 
serious 
complications 
of 
immunological 
transplantation 
 
A wide range of other 
IVD 
solutions, 
including: 
• 
Clinical 
Chemistry 
• 
OEM 
• 
LIS 
• 
Serology 
• 
Molecular 
Diagnostics 
• 
Other IVD 
Third party 
distribution  
Headquarters 
 
Bedford 
(Massachusetts, 
U.S.) 
 
Bedford 
(Massachusetts, 
U.S.) 
 
Norcross, 
 (Georgia, 
U.S.) 
 
San Diego 
(California, 
U.S.) 
 
Waukesha,  
(Wisconsin, 
U.S.) 
 
Barcelona / Ascoli 
(Spain / Italy) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Worldwide 
market 
position and 
estimated 
market share 
2022(1) 
 
#1 (30%) 
 
#2 (17%) 
 
#2 (20%)(2) 
 
#2 (19%)(2) 
 
#2 (10%)(2) 
 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
R&D sites 
(number)(3) 
 
4 
 
4 
 
2(4) 
 
2 
 
2(4) 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Source: In terms of revenue, according to internal estimates based on independent IVD consultants and public 
disclosure.  
(2) 
Worldwide market position and estimated market share refers to 2021. 
(3) 
As of 31 December 2023. 
(4) 
This does not include the smaller R&D sites in Frankfurt (Germany) and Mountain View (California, USA).

--- Page 105 ---
98 
 
The graph below sets forth certain information regarding Werfen’s integrated range of products and services in its 
IVD business line.  
 
 
IVD – Hemostasis 
Hemostasis is the human body’s natural physiological response to halt and prevent bleeding/haemorrhage. It is the 
balance of the interaction between blood coagulation proteins, platelets and the vessel walls, which maintains blood 
flow. Disorders or disturbances of these factors can cause bleeding or thrombosis, which can be associated with 
serious medical issues. 
Hemostasis disorders, including prevention of complications are a primary concern in patient care. Hemostasis 
diagnostic management occurs across a variety of hospital settings, from the central lab to acute care settings, such 
as emergency departments, operating rooms and intensive care units. Healthcare organisations rely on diagnostic 
tools for the evaluation and management of acute and chronic thrombotic and bleeding disorders throughout the 
continuum of care.  
Werfen’s Hemostasis offering comprises the development, manufacture and sale of analysers, reagents, controls, 
services and data management systems to diagnose and guide the treatment of thrombotic and bleeding disorders. 
These solutions provide crucial diagnostic information for pathologies associated with inherited or acquired blood 
coagulation defects.  
Werfen believes it was the leader in the global Hemostasis lab market during the year 2022 in terms of revenue 
(source: internal estimates based on independent IVD consultants and public disclosure) and estimates that it held a 
market share of approximately 30% in terms of revenue (source: internal estimates based on independent IVD 
consultants and public disclosure).

--- Page 106 ---
99 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Hemostasis offering generated revenues of €684 million (€699 
million during the year ended 31 December 2022).  
Werfen’s R&D and manufacturing facilities for its Hemostasis offering are located in Bedford, Massachusetts (USA) 
and Orangeburg, New York (USA), and another two facilities are located in in Barcelona (Spain). See “―Werfen’s 
Facilities” below for more information. 
IVD – Acute Care Diagnostics 
Acute care refers to the specialised management of life-threatening conditions requiring rapid, comprehensive patient 
care and frequent monitoring clinical settings. Acute care includes the health system components, or care delivery 
platforms, used to treat sudden, often unexpected, urgent or emergent episodes of injury and illness that can lead to 
death or disability without rapid intervention. The term “acute care” encompasses a range of clinical healthcare 
functions, including emergency medicine, trauma care, pre-hospital emergency care, acute care surgery, critical care, 
urgent care and short-term inpatient stabilisation.  
Werfen’s Acute Care Diagnostics offering comprises the development, manufacture and sale of blood gas, whole 
blood hemostasis and patient blood management analysers, reagents and information management products. 
Werfen’s analysers are cartridge-based systems with quality management and connectivity solutions.  
Werfen believes that it held the second-biggest market share (approximately 17%) in the global Acute Care 
Diagnostics market during the year 2022 in terms of revenue (source: internal estimates based on independent IVD 
consultants and public disclosure). 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Acute Care Diagnostics offering generated revenues of €597 million 
(€561 million during the year ended 31 December 2022).  
Werfen’s R&D and manufacturing facilities for its Acute Care Diagnostics offering are located in Bedford, 
Massachusetts (USA), Orangeburg, New York (USA), San Diego, California (USA) and Munich (Germany). See 
“―Werfen’s Facilities” below for more information. 
IVD ― Transfusion and Transplant 
Blood transfusion diagnostics refers to tests that are performed on blood and blood components before transfusion 
of the blood from donor to recipient. Each blood unit is tested for blood group typing and diseases screening in order 
to prevent adverse reactions or transmission of any infection. It is a crucial part of transfusion therapy, which provides 
critical information to healthcare professionals and confirms the compatibility of the donors and recipient blood 
samples.  
On the other hand, Transplant diagnostics provide crucial diagnostic information to determine compatibility between 
potential recipients and organ and bone marrow donors as well as the prevalence of diseases that can cause organ 
failure before or after the transplant. The transplant market is generally divided between pre- and post-transplantation. 
Werfen’s Transplant business is focused on the pre-transplant market. Based on the end-user, the transplant 
diagnostics market is segmented into hospitals and transplant centres, commercial service providers and research 
laboratories and academic institutes. 
Through the acquisition of Immucor in March 2023, Werfen added a Transfusion and Transplant offering to its 
business. On the one hand, Transfusion comprises a comprehensive line of serology-based reagents, instruments, 
molecular products and data management solutions, to ensure donor-recipient compatibility and to deliver accurate, 
pre-transfusion test results, efficiently and productively. Werfen’s Transfusion solutions focus on a wide range of 
segments, including typing, antibody screening, antibody ID and infectious disease testing and are provided to donor 
centres, clinical reference labs and hospitals. On the other hand, Transplant comprises analysers, reagents, controls, 
services and data management systems to diagnose and ensure the close matching of donor and recipient HLA

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
(human leukocyte antigen) markers, which is important to increase the likelihood of graft survival and minimises 
serious complications of immunological transplantation.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Transfusion and Transplant offering generated revenues of €267 
million (which reflects the revenues generated since the completion of the Immucor acquisition on 14 March 2023). 
Werfen’s R&D and manufacturing facilities for its Transfusion and Transplant offering are located in Norcross, 
Georgia (USA), Waukesha, Wisconsin (USA), Warren, New Jersey (USA) and Halifax, Nova Scotia (Canada). See 
“―Werfen’s Facilities” below for more information. 
IVD – Autoimmunity 
Autoimmunity refers to problems with the immune system, specifically when antibodies and immune cells target and 
attack the body’s own healthy tissues by mistake. Any disease that results from such an immune response is labelled 
an autoimmune disease, including rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and celiac disease, among 
many others.  
Autoimmunity testing occurs in clinical reference labs, hospital labs, specialty labs and clinical research 
organisations.  
Werfen’s Autoimmunity offering comprises the development, manufacture and sale of testing systems, reagents, 
controls and data management solutions to diagnose and guide treatment of autoimmune diseases. As autoimmune 
diseases may take up to five years to be diagnosed and are linked to multiple biomarkers, Werfen develops 
biomarkers with the aim of reducing this period by predicting and preventing disease evolution and select and monitor 
treatment.  
Werfen believes that it held the second-biggest market share (approximately 19%) in the global Autoimmunity 
market during the year 2021 in terms of revenue (source: internal estimates based on independent IVD consultants 
and public disclosure). 
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Autoimmunity offering generated revenues of €171 million (€162 
million during the year ended 31 December 2022).  
Werfen’s R&D and manufacturing facilities for its Autoimmunity offering are located in San Diego, California 
(USA) and Barcelona (Spain). See “―Werfen’s Facilities” below for more information. 
IVD – Other 
Werfen offers OEM solutions consisting of proprietary products and custom development and manufacturing 
services. These comprise proprietary assays for the screening and diagnosis of several infectious diseases and for the 
clinical determination of serum proteins and proprietary biomaterials (such as antibodies and antigens) for use in 
IVD applications. Werfen provides solutions from the early stages of product development, including selection of 
critical raw materials and feasibility studies, right through to product manufacturing, including high value-added 
services such as clinical studies, worldwide registration and on-market product support. As at 31 December 2023, 
Werfen had more than 60 long-term customers in the IVD industry that source immunoassays and biomaterials from 
it.  
In its Clinical Chemistry offering, Werfen develops and manufactures high-quality assays based on a wide array of 
technologies. Werfen has long-term relationships with technology partners which allows it to offer chemistry 
analysers to serve a wide range of laboratories to measure levels of chemical components in body fluids such as 
blood and urine, for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes. Werfen specialises in enzymatic assays, photometric assays, 
turbidimetric assays and immunoenzymatic assays.

--- Page 108 ---
101 
 
Werfen also acts as distributors of third-party IVD products (analysers, reagents, controls, services and systems) such 
as Molecular Diagnostics, Microbiology, Hematology, Applied Science, Hemostasis POCT and software, mainly in 
Spain, Portugal, Mexico, Italy, Uruguay, and Lithuania.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s OEM and Other IVD offering generated combined revenues of 
€221 million (€250 million during the year ended 31 December 2022).  
Medical Devices 
Medical devices are instruments, machines, appliances and implants, among other things, which are intended to be 
used for diagnosis, prevention, monitoring, treatment or alleviation of a disease or injury.  
Through its subsidiaries, Izasa Medical (trading as Izasa Hospital) and MC Medical, Werfen distributes both its own 
and third-party medical devices in Spain and Portugal, respectively, such as disposables, orthopaedic implants, 
devices for endovascular procedures and solutions for oncology treatment, as well as third-party scientific 
instrumentation.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen’s Medical Devices offering generated revenues of €167 million (€169 
million during the year ended 31 December 2022), accounting for 8% of its total revenues for 2023. 
On 19 March 2024, Werfen announced an agreement to sell its Medical Devices distribution business. See “—Recent 
Developments” above. 
Werfen’s Markets, Customers and Commercial Strategy 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen operates directly in more than 30 countries and it is present in more 
than 100 territories through third-party distributors. Werfen’s stable mix of revenue by geographic region has helped 
to mitigate the impact of economic downturns that are limited to a particular area. 
The table below sets forth certain information in relation to Werfen’s total revenues, broken down by geographical 
area for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Year ended  
31 December  
 
2023 
 
2022 
Change 
2023-2022 
 
(audited) 
 
(€ in thousands) 
 
Revenue ..................................... 
2,105,863 
1,840,077 
14.4% 
North America ................... 
685,284 
511,960 
33.9% 
Western Europe  ................ 
764,683 
734,446 
4.1% 
EEMEA .............................. 
126,400 
115,143 
9.8% 
LATAM .............................. 
153,159 
129,576 
18.2% 
Asia-Pacific ....................... 
376,337 
348,952 
7.8% 
Werfen provides its products and services to a diverse range of customers, such as public and private healthcare 
providers, including hospitals and hospital systems, public and private clinics and laboratories, blood banks, 
universities, physicians/physician groups, public health agencies, statutory and private health insurance companies, 
pharmaceutical companies and clinical research institutes, as well as other IVD manufacturers.

--- Page 109 ---
102 
 
The table below sets forth certain information in relation to the breakdown, by type of customer, of Werfen’s total 
IVD revenues for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2023 
 
2022 
Change  
2023-2022 
 
(audited) 
 
(€ in thousands) 
 
CUSTOMERS ........................  
 
 
 
Private Customers................  
1,553,517 
1,320,014 
17.7%  
Public Customers .................  
552,346 
520,063 
6.2% 
Total .......................................  
2,105,863 
1,840,077 
14.4% 
In Werfen’s IVD business line, Werfen typically enters into long-term contracts with its customers (five or more 
years in the case of hospitals, group purchasing organisations and reference labs). Werfen typically operates a sales 
model where it rents its systems to customers or offers them as part of a bundle that includes a contract for the 
provision of reagents and consumables, including assays, that are used by these instruments to generate test results, 
as well as the provision of technical service. As a result, an equipment sale or rental typically facilitates the ongoing 
sale of related products. This aspect of Werfen’s business both strengthens its relationship with its customers and 
provides a resilient revenue stream from its large and growing installed base of products. Because its products 
typically operate most effectively with only its reagents, assays and other consumables to be used, Werfen’s customer 
retention rate is generally high, which further strengthens the resilient nature of its revenue.  
Werfen has a global distribution system with a direct presence in more than 30 countries and sales in more than 100 
territories in 2023. In order to serve its diverse customer base, Werfen employs various sales channels, including 
direct customer and third-party distributors. For each sales channel, Werfen pursues a distinct strategy that includes 
sales setup, targets, pricing strategy, communication strategy, marketing strategy, marketing support and training per 
channel.  
In the large majority of developed markets (such as Europe, the United States and Australia), Werfen sells IVD 
products directly (i.e., through a local salesforce) to its customers (71% of its total revenue for the year ended 31 
December 2023). Werfen believes such direct sales allows it to achieve better margins and more control of the quality 
of services rendered, despite the higher fixed costs associated with maintaining local salesforces. In key emerging 
markets, such as China, Brazil and Mexico, Werfen uses a combination of direct selling and third-party distributors. 
Such combination of direct selling and third-party distributors accounted for 20% of Werfen’s total revenue for the 
year ended 31 December 2023, while revenue generated from territories in which Werfen exclusively sells through 
third-party distributors accounted for 9% in 2023. 
As at 31 December 2023, Werfen’s total sales staff (including marketing) comprised 2,015 persons (28% of its total 
workforce).  
Werfen’s customer management system supports its customers with a broad range of innovative services. It provides 
system performance services to increase its customers’ system uptime with services designed around quality, 
proactivity and availability so that its customers can manage planned and unplanned downtimes for minimised 
operational disruptions. Werfen also provides rapid response services to provide support and assistance from experts, 
answering technical and clinical applications questions remotely or via on-site assistance. Werfen further provides 
continuous education and skill development, leveraging latest technical and clinical knowledge that it shares,

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
remotely or in-person. Werfen also offers asset evolution services running aspects of its customers’ businesses 
securely and sustainably by keeping pace with advanced innovations via customers’ current stage of performance 
and guidance on future development strategies.  
Procurement and Supply  
Werfen’s procurement function is responsible for the sourcing of the raw materials needed for its manufacturing as 
well as third-party software that is included in its products.  
Werfen’s main suppliers provide primarily raw materials or parts for instruments, such as electronic circuits or boards 
for instruments, mechanical or moulded plastics for its cartridge-based analysers. The designs of these parts and/or 
moulds are usually the property of Werfen. Other suppliers are OEMs of own instruments.  
All of Werfen’s suppliers are leading companies in terms of quality and technology and are carefully selected. Each 
Werfen company has its own certified product and service suppliers, whose capacity has initially been supervised 
and is monitored afterwards, following continuous internal evaluation procedures. Depending on the criticality and 
typology of the suppliers, evaluations are based on documentation provided or on-site audits. Any change in suppliers 
typically requires proper validation, in accordance with regulations and Werfen’s quality system.  
Werfen’s Facilities 
Werfen operates R&D and manufacturing facilities in the United States, Canada, Germany, Spain and Italy.  
The table below sets forth certain information in relation to Werfen’s main R&D and manufacturing facilities as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Bedford, Massachusetts, 
USA 
Hemostasis & Acute Care 
Diagnostics  
Headquarters and 
Technology Center 
Instruments/Consumables 
▪ 
ACL TOP systems 
▪ 
GEM Premier systems 
▪ 
GEM Premier cartridges 
▪ 
BIO Flash systems 
 
 
 
Orangeburg, New York, 
USA 
Hemostasis and Acute Care 
Diagnostics  
Technology Center 
Blood Gas Reagents and Controls 
▪ 
HemosIL reagent line 
▪ 
GEM Premier solutions 
 
 
 
San Diego, California, USA 
Autoimmunity  
Autoimmunity Reagents 
▪ 
Elisa reagents 
▪ 
Chemiluminescence 
▪ 
IFA reagents

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
Headquarters and 
Technology Center 
 
San Diego, California, USA 
Hemostasis and Acute Care 
Diagnostics 
Technology Center 
Whole Blood Hemostasis 
Instruments/Consumables 
▪ 
Hemochron  
▪ 
VerifyNow 
▪ 
Avoximeter systems & single-
use cartridge 
▪ 
Rotem sigma cartridges 
 
 
 
Norcross, Georgia, USA 
Transfusion  
Headquarters and 
Technology Center 
Transfusion reagents and 
consumables 
▪ 
Blood grouping reagents 
▪ 
Anti-human globulin 
▪ 
Reagents RNC (liquid and solid 
phase Capture-R platelets) 
▪ 
Instrument operations 
 
 
 
 
Waukesha, Wisconsin, USA 
Transplant and Transfusion 
reagents  
Headquarters and 
Technology Center 
Transplant and Transfusion 
reagents and consumables 
▪ 
LIFECODES SSO Antibody 
▪ 
Non-HLA 
▪ 
Platelet ELISA family 
(Transfusion) 
▪ 
DonorScreen HLA 
(Transfusion) 
▪ 
Thrombotype I (Transfusion) 
 
 
 
Warren, New Jersey, USA 
Transplant 
Technology Center 
Transplant Reagents and 
consumables 
▪ 
MIA FOR A NGS Flex Kit 
(reagents, adaptor plates and 
Ampure beads) 
▪ 
BeadChip, RhD, HPA kits 
 
 
 
 
Halifax, Canada  
Transfusion 
Technology Center 
Transfusion reagents and 
consumables 
▪ 
Monoclonal Antibody  
▪ 
Transfusion reagents

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
 
Munich, Germany 
Hemostasis and Acute Care 
Diagnostics  
Technology Center 
Patient Blood Management 
Instruments 
▪ 
Rotem sigma 
▪ 
Rotem delta 
 
 
 
 
Barcelona, Spain 
OEM and Infectious Disease 
Serology  
Technology Center 
 
Kits 
▪ 
Immunoassays 
▪ 
Antiphospholipid 
▪ 
Latex (D-Dimer) 
▪ 
Chemiluminescence 
▪ 
Turbidimetry 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Barcelona, Spain 
Medical Devices  
Infusion Therapy and 
Respiratory Care 
Disposables  
Medical Devices (Leventon) 
▪ 
Dosi-flow 
▪ 
Dosi-fuser 
▪ 
Dosi-pain 
▪ 
Onco-Flow 
▪ 
Multiflow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Barcelona, Spain 
Hemostasis and Acute Care 
Diagnostics  
Components’ manufacturer  
Components 
▪ 
ACL TOP 
▪ 
Bioflash 
▪ 
Acustar 
▪ 
Aptiva 
▪ 
Cartridges 
▪ 
Dosi-Fuser 
 
 
Note: Werfen has two additional smaller R&D sites in Frankfurt (Germany) and Mountain View (California, USA). 
Research & Development (R&D) 
Werfen’s investment in R&D is critical to driving future growth as the success of its business is driven by its ability 
to provide innovative products and services. Continuous innovation allows Werfen to capture market share for its 
products, which in turn generates higher-margin revenue that can be reinvested into innovation and therefore renew 
the cycle.  
Werfen aims to receive continuous input from its customers throughout its R&D process. Werfen holds several 
meetings every year focused on understanding customer feedback, market trends and unmet critical needs (such as 
scientific advisory boards, where members of different technology centres meet to discuss the evolution and needs 
of the market with experts). Werfen also runs tests at customer sites as early and often as possible.

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
Building on its longstanding history of innovation, Werfen invests substantial time, effort and financial resources 
into research and development to develop, maintain and protect a pipeline of marketable proprietary products and 
create an integrated, yet manageable and scalable, platform of products and services that can be adapted to its 
customers’ evolving needs. Werfen focuses on innovation across its portfolio.  
For the year ended 31 December 2023, Werfen invested €169 million in R&D activities, accounting for 8.0% of its 
total revenues for 2023 (€134 million in 2022, 7.3% of its total revenues for 2022).  
Intellectual Property  
Intellectual Property (“IP”) assets are, in the aggregate, of material importance to Werfen. However, Werfen believes 
that no single IP asset is material to its business as a whole.  
Werfen protects its technology and innovation base, products, systems, services and brands (and other marks) by, 
among other things, filing patents, utility models, designs, trade secrets, know-how, trademarks, copyrights and 
registering domains with appropriate regional coverage.  
As of 31 December 2023, Werfen held over 800 issued patents across various jurisdictions. In addition, Werfen owns 
over 1,000 trademark registrations.  
Werfen aims to reduce the risk of third-party patent IP infringement by taking various steps, including providing 
freedom to operate studies for new technology and/or product development, selectively monitoring third-party IP 
rights and taking appropriate countermeasures, such as invalidation actions and implementing alternative solutions 
or licensing when required. Werfen also protects its IP rights by proactively enforcing, strategically licensing or 
using IP rights to support collaboration activities. Werfen regularly engages with selected companies and universities 
to work on the development and licencing of IP rights and support its current and future business.  
Werfen’s strategy is to treat its IP as a competitive advantage for its business. Hence, Werfen devotes significant 
resources to develop, protect and defend its IP assets. 
Risk Management, Compliance and Quality Control  
Werfen strives to meet the highest quality standards across all business lines and geographies to comply with the 
most stringent regulatory and compliance requirements worldwide. 
The aim of Werfen’s risk management and compliance system is to ensure compliance with applicable legal 
regulations. Werfen has implemented organisational, information technology and human resource strategies that it 
continuously monitors, develops and improves. It has also implemented a comprehensive compliance system to 
prevent, detect and respond to potential violations. Its compliance system is also designed to prevent, detect and 
respond to potential violations by its third-party distributors. Employees are informed about compliance measures 
and new developments through circulars, the intranet, postings or via email. Werfen’s Code of Ethics establishes its 
commitment to ethical business practices and sustainable development. Its compliance manual (“Compliance 
Manual”) implements the Code of Ethics by adopting policies that provide practical guidance and references 
regarding how to comply with laws and regulations. Werfen has also established an ethics channel through which 
employees can enquire about the application of the Code of Ethics and Compliance Manual or report any conduct 
they believe could contravene the ethics, legislation or standards governing Werfen.  
In 2019, Werfen launched a new compliance training programme to strengthen its governance. This training 
programme, together with its Code of Ethics, Compliance Manual, ethics channel, audit programme and its 
compliance body, constitute Werfen’s compliance programme as a whole which is designed to safeguard and 
maintain the trust of its stakeholders.

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
Werfen has also developed a quality policy (the “Quality Policy”), derived from its corporate values to meet the 
highest quality standards across all its business lines and geographies, and to comply with the regulatory and 
compliance requirements of all the jurisdictions Werfen operates in.  
Werfen’s Quality Policy mainly consists of the following principles: 
▪ 
commercialising products with the highest quality and latest technology; 
▪ 
ensuring that the needs of its customers are met, and legal and regulatory requirements complied with; 
▪ 
staying at the forefront of technological advances to provide customers with state-of-the-art solutions; 
▪ 
offering efficient and customised post-sales services such as ongoing user training, specialised technical 
services, and a helpline for enquiries and equipment repairs; 
▪ 
promoting a positive work environment; 
▪ 
aiming to improve its patients’ quality of life through innovative solutions; and 
▪ 
encouraging the organisation to abide by such quality objectives. 
Additionally, Werfen has received different International Organisation for Standardisation (“ISO”) certificates, 
certifying that its management system, manufacturing process, service and documentation procedure meets all the 
requirements for standardisation and quality assurance. The ISO is an independent, non-governmental, international 
organisation that develops standards to ensure the quality, safety and efficiency of products, services and systems.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Werfen has been granted the following certificates: 
▪ 
ISO 9001 and 13485 Quality Systems 
The ISO 9001 is the world’s most widely used ISO certification and ISO 13485 is the most popular 
certification among medical devices companies. Both systems demonstrate that Werfen’s product and 
service-related processes maintain the highest possible standard. All of Werfen’s manufacturing facilities, 
logistics centres, distribution companies and corporate services are certified. 
▪ 
ISO 27001 Data Safety Systems  
The ISO 27001 external certification validates that Werfen safeguards the security of all its assets, including 
financial information, intellectual property, employee data, and information entrusted to Werfen by third 
parties.  
▪ 
MDSAP Certification  
The Medical Device Single Audit Program (“MDSAP”) is a programme that allows a single regulatory 
audit of a medical device manufacturer’s quality management system. The MDSAP enables medical device 
manufacturers’ compliance with standards and regulatory requirements of up to five different medical 
device markets: Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan and the United States. Werfen’s IVD manufacturing 
facilities are MDSAP-certified for product marketing in all five countries.  
▪ 
International Registrations  
Werfen’s products are registered with the competent authorities in many countries worldwide for marketing 
purposes. As such, its manufacturing sites comply with country-specific regulations (e.g., FDA (United 
States), CE (Europe), ANVISA (Brazil), NMPA (China), MFDS (South Korea), PAL (Japan) and TGA 
(Australia)).

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
▪ 
International Healthcare Manufacturers Organisations  
Werfen is an active member of various international associations for medical device and IVD manufacturers 
(e.g., MedTech (Europe), Advamed (United States) and FENIN (Spain)).  
▪ 
ISO 14001 Environmental Systems  
This certification acknowledges that Werfen strives to manage its environmental responsibilities in a 
systematic manner and in compliance with international and local environmental regulations. Its 
manufacturing sites located in Bedford, Massachusetts (USA), Orangeburg, New York (USA), and Ascoli, 
Marche (Italy), its affiliate offices in Warrington, Cheshire (United Kingdom) and Le Pré-Saint-Gervais, 
Île-de-France (France) and its logistics centres in Roncello, Lombardy (Italy) and Tarancón, Cuenca (Spain) 
are ISO 14000-certified.  
Indebtedness 
In the context of its acquisition of Immucor, Werfen signed a €1,890 million senior facility agreement on 18 
November 2022 (the “Senior Facility Agreement”), divided into two tranches composed of a €1,260 million term 
loan with a five-year maturity and a €630 million bridge loan with a 12-month maturity and three successive six-
month extension options. The Senior Facility Agreement was drawn down in full on completion of the acquisition of 
Immucor. In June 2023, Werfen repaid the €630 million bridge loan using the proceeds of the issue of a €500 million 
bond and €130 million of excess cash. Additionally, in February 2024 Werfen made a voluntary prepayment of €100 
million with excess cash. Therefore, the outstanding term loan amount at the date of this Base Prospectus is €1,160 
million. 
Under the terms of the Senior Facility Agreement, the Issuer has agreed not to pay, make or declare any dividend or 
other distribution (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its share capital (or any class of its share capital), 
unless at the time of such dividend or distribution (i) the Issuer has at least one investment grade rating and (ii) the 
ratio of consolidated total net borrowing to adjusted consolidated EBITDA for the relevant measurement period is 
not more than 3.00:1.00 and, assuming that such dividend or distribution had been made at the end of the relevant 
measurement period, would not be more than 3.00:1.00 on a pro forma basis. 
Legal and Regulatory 
Werfen’s operations and products, including services and solutions it provides, as well as those of its customers, are 
subject to rigorous regulation in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In particular, these laws govern the protection 
of the health and safety of patients and users of Werfen’s medical devices as well as, among other things, the 
following activities in which it and its contract manufacturers, contract testing laboratories and suppliers and 
economic operators may be involved, including: product development, product testing (including clinical evaluations 
or clinical investigations), product manufacturing, product labelling, product safety, product storage, product 
marketing clearance and approval, product advertising and promotion, product import and export, product sales and 
distribution, and product performance/effectiveness.  
Werfen’s operations are also subject to licensing, authorisation and regulation according to international, national 
and local laws and regulations concerning environment protection and occupational health and safety. These laws 
and regulations apply to a broad range of activities across the whole product lifecycle and its entire global 
organisation and include product and industrial environmental protection and the management of occupational safety 
and well-being. To maintain market access and compliance, Werfen’s business operations are also subject to 
obligations to obtain various environment, health and safety permits, licenses and authorisations, or to provide prior 
notification to the appropriate authorities. See also “Risk Factors―(I) Risk Factors That May Affect the Issuer’s 
Ability to Fulfil its Obligations Under the Notes―9. Legal and regulatory risks―Werfen’s activities (including its 
products and manufacturing activities) are subject to significant government regulations and approvals, which are 
often costly and could result in adverse consequences to Werfen’s business”.

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
In addition, Werfen is from time to time subject to various claims, enforcement actions, investigations and legal 
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These proceedings include governmental, regulatory, 
administrative, tax, civil, labour and other matters such as those related to privacy and cybersecurity. See “Risk 
Factors―(I) Risk Factors That May Affect the Issuer’s Ability to Fulfil its Obligations Under the Notes―9. Legal 
and regulatory risks― Werfen may become involved in litigation, arbitration and governmental proceedings”.  
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or, to Werfen’s knowledge, threatened against 
it which may have, or during the twelve months immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus have had, a 
significant effect on the Issuer’s or Werfen’s financial position or profitability.  
Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability 
Corporate social responsibility 
In 2020, Werfen launched its first global corporate social responsibility (“CSR”) programme. Cooperating with 
internationally recognised non-governmental organisations in need of healthcare and educational support, Werfen’s 
global CSR programme aims to build a sense of community, collaboration and solidarity.  
In addition, Werfen, together with its partners, have supported numerous local philanthropic projects in recent years. 
Some of these initiatives include: 
▪ 
in 2019, providing support to United Nations (“UN”) initiatives, such as the UN #Companies4SGDs 
campaign which seeks to eradicate poverty and protect the planet (2019); 
▪ 
in 2020 and 2021, participating in Christmas campaigns to help families at risk of social exclusion by 
organising food collection, as well as toy collection campaigns such as the one called “No child without a 
gift” in Spain; and 
▪ 
since 2020, collaborating with Wend Barka (an international solidarity non-profit organisation) by donating 
funds to complete the build of a kindergarten in Boussé, a town approximately 50 km from Burkina Faso’s 
capital of Ouagadougou. 
Sustainability 
In its business, Werfen is committed to the implementation of a sustainability strategy which was approved by the 
Board of Directors in 2020 and covers the following key areas:  
▪ 
Social equality: Werfen’s commitment to human rights, security, equality, inclusion and diversity in all 
respects;  
▪ 
Environmental protection: Werfen’s impact on the environment including CO2 emissions, waste 
management and biodiversity; and 
▪ 
Economic development: Werfen’s economic growth and its efficiency using resources like energy or 
materials. 
In 2020, Werfen joined the UN Global Compact, which is a pact to encourage businesses and firms worldwide to 
adopt sustainable and socially responsible policies. 
In 2021, Werfen entered into a €250 million sustainability-linked revolving credit facility, which enabled it to 
reinforce its commitment to sustainable development in its business. In 2023, in the context of the acquisition of 
Immucor, this facility was increased to €300 million and its maturity extended until 2026. 
In 2023, S&P repeated its Corporate Sustainability Assessment of Werfen, a widely used assessment that evaluates 
a company’s performance in each of the ESG dimensions, providing an ESG score. Werfen obtained an ESG score

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
of 47 out of 100, composed of 23 out of 100 in the environmental dimension, 52 out of 100 in the social dimension 
and 49 out of 100 in the governance dimension. 
In 2023, Werfen obtained its first ESG Risk Rating with Sustainalytics, a broadly used rating which measures a 
company’s exposure to material ESG issues or risks (“Exposure”), and how the company manages those risks 
through corporate policies and programmes (“Management”). Werfen obtained a rating score of 20.8, positioning 
the company in the Medium Risk category but close the Low Risk category (which starts at 20). Sustainalytics 
determined Werfen’s Exposure to material risks as “Medium” and Management of those risks as “Strong”. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, the number of employees of Werfen was 7,095 (5,912 as at 31 December 2022). 
The following table sets forth certain information in relation to the location of Werfen’s employees and their area of 
work as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.  
31 December 
(unaudited) 
2023 
2022 
ACTIVITY ................................ 
 
 
Sales & Marketing ............ 
28% 
25% 
R&D .................................. 
12% 
13% 
Manufacturing ................... 
22% 
23% 
Rest of structure ................ 
38% 
39% 
GEOGRAPHICAL ................... 
 
 
Europe ............................... 
38% 
42% 
North America ................... 
46% 
40% 
Rest of the World ............... 
16% 
18% 
Werfen has not experienced any material labour-related work stoppages in the past five years. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no contracts that were not entered into in the ordinary course of 
Werfen’s business and which could result in any member of Werfen being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
Insurance 
Werfen maintains insurance coverage in respect of its subsidiaries and operations in line with industry practice, in 
such amounts and with such coverage and deductibles as Werfen’s management believes are appropriate for the 
insurable risks inherent to its business. Werfen’s policy is to obtain and maintain sufficient insurance coverage in 
respect of its operations and activities, and to seek full compliance with international industry standards and 
applicable law in the countries in which it operates.

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
17  April 2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for its expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(i) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Spain 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered, sold or distributed, nor will any subsequent 
resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a 
prospectus in Spain in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Spanish Securities Market and 
Investment Services Law (Ley 6/2023, 17 de marzo, de los mercados de valores y de los servicios de inversión), 
as amended or restated from time to time, and supplemental rules enacted thereunder or in substitution thereof 
from time to time, or without complying with all legal and regulatory requirements under the Spanish Securities 
Market and Investment Services Law or any regulations created thereunder which may be in force from time to 
time. Offers of Notes in Spain shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in Articles 104 and 196 of the Spanish Securities Market and Investment Services 
Law. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and the 
Issuer and each Dealer have agreed that they may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable 
Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after 
the completion of the distribution of such Tranche (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and  
(ii) 
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to any Notes be distributed in 
Italy, except in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Note or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy, 
except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time 
to time; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of 
the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time 
to time;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or other competent authority.  
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and will not, directly or indirectly, 
offer or sell, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act, and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of 
Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree with the Issuer that it has, to the best of its knowledge, complied 
and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations relating to the Notes. The information 
provided below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could 
be made with retroactive effect. This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under Spanish legislation 
without prejudice of regional tax regimes that may be applicable. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes by a Noteholder. It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular 
holder of Notes under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the 
special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary 
English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. This 
summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date, including changes having retroactive effect.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable. Any 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised advice based on 
their particular circumstances. In addition, investors should consider the legislative changes which could occur in the 
future. 
1.1 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date of 
this Prospectus: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007; 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income Tax (“PIT”), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, 
the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth Tax Law, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March 
promulgating the PIT Regulations, along with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022, of 27 
December, on the establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial 
Credit Establishments, and which creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes and modifies 
certain tax regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”), 
Act 27/2014, of 27 November governing the CIT, and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the 
CIT Regulations; 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Non-
Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July promulgating the NRIT 
Regulations, along with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, Law 38/2022, of 27 December, on the 
establishment of Temporary Energy Taxes and taxes on Credit Institutions and Financial Credit 
Establishments, and which creates the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes and modifies certain tax 
regulations and Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; and  
Whatever the nature and residence of the beneficial owner, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated Text of

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September and exempt from Value Added Tax, in 
accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December regulating such tax and not subject to Spanish Financial Transaction 
Tax, in accordance with Law 5/2020, of 15 October regulating such tax. 
1.2 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.2.1. Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Spanish individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, income 
obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are considered resident in Spain for 
tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or guarantees payments under a Note will not lead an 
individual or entity to be considered tax-resident in Spain. 
Both, interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
constitute income obtained from the transfer of a person’s own capital to third parties in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 25.2 of the PIT Law, and therefore must be included in each investor’s PIT savings taxable 
base and taxed at the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently at a flat rate of 19% for taxable income up to 
€6,000, 21% for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 23% for taxable income between €50,001 and 
€200,000; 27% for taxable income between €200,001 and €300,000; and 28% for any amount in excess of €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per cent. 
Income from the transfer of the Notes is computed as the difference between their transfer value and their acquisition 
or subscription value. Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into account, insofar as adequately 
evidenced in calculating the income. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be deductible, 
excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
It should be noted that Royal Decree 1145/2011 introduced certain procedures for the provision of information which 
are explained under section “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below and that, in particular, 
in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and 
settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the 
Notes issued by the Issuer: 
(i) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are 
individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to 
such individuals; and  
(ii) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. In addition, income 
obtained upon the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes may also be paid without 
withholding. 
Therefore, the Issuer understands that, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it has no obligation to withhold any 
tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in 
Spain provided that the information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied 
with.  
Nevertheless, Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently, at the rate of 19 per cent.) may have to be 
deducted by other entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax 
purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. The amounts withheld, if any, may be 
credited by the relevant investors against its final PIT liability.

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
1.2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. However, as the autonomous regions 
are entitled to apply their own regulation on such tax, this rate will just apply to the regions that have not approved 
their own net wealth tax schedules. 
1.2.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a worldwide 
basis. 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes 
to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes 
which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to avoid 
double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from the Temporary 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
1.2.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax as set out in Law 29/1987, of 18 December (the 
“IGT Law”), being payable by the person who acquires the securities, at an applicable tax rate ranging from 7.65% 
to 34.00% according to the IGT Law. However, final effective taxation may vary depending on relevant factors (such 
as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish region, the amount of the pre-existing assets of the taxpayer and 
the degree of kinship with the deceased or donor). Thus, effective tax rates currently range between 0.00%-87.60%. 
As the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community, investors should 
consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
1.3 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
1.3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both, interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes are 
subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25 per cent.) in accordance with the rules for this tax.  
Pursuant to Section 61.s of Royal Decree 634/2015 approving the Spanish corporate income tax regulations (the 
“Corporate Tax Regulations”), there is no obligation to make a withholding on income obtained by taxpayers 
subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish 
tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the 
case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or 
custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the current 
rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the depositary or custodian if the Notes do not comply with 
the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the DGT dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the 
Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its 
final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Royal Decree 1145/2011, in the case of listed debt instruments issued under 
Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish 
regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such as the Notes), interest paid to investors should be 
paid free of Spanish withholding tax. The foregoing is subject to certain information procedures having been fulfilled. 
These procedures are described in “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below.  
Therefore, the Issuer considers that, pursuant to Royal Decree 1145/2011, it has no obligation to withhold any tax on 
interest paid on the Notes in respect of Noteholders who are Spanish Corporation Tax payers, provided that the 
information procedures are complied with. 
1.3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
1.3.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
1.3.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
1.4 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
1.4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, generally, the 
same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”. Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
determine the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both, interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no tax residency in Spain, being Non-Resident Income Tax 
taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on the same 
terms laid down for income from Public Debt.  
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in the manner 
detailed under “Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” as set out in section 44 of Royal Decree 
1065/2007 (as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011). 
1.4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Net Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights 
are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, and exceed €700,000 would be subject to

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
Net Wealth Tax. In such event, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent.  
Noteholders who are not tax residents in Spain may be entitled to apply the specific regulation of the autonomous 
region where their most valuable assets are located and which trigger this Spanish Net Wealth Tax due to the fact 
that they are located or are to be exercised or must be fulfilled within the Spanish territory.  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
1.4.3 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
Non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within 
the Spanish territory, and exceed €3,000,000 may be subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. In 
such event, noteholders should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each 
year, the applicable rates ranging between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Net Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to avoid 
double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Net Wealth Tax should be deductible from the Temporary 
Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how this tax may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
1.4.4 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Unless otherwise provided under an applicable double tax treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax, the latter 
may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are located or that may be 
exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
Pursuant to the IGT Law, the applicable tax rate ranges between 7.65%% and 34.00%. However, final effective 
taxation may vary depending on various factors, such as the specific regulations imposed by each Spanish region, 
the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, the kinship with the deceased 
or the donor and the qualification for tax benefits. Thus, effective tax rates currently range between 0.00%-87.60%. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to the rules set forth 
in the Spanish state level or relevant autonomous region law. If the deceased, the heir or the donee, as the case may 
be, is resident outside Spain, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to the relevant autonomous regions as 
per the rules set out in the law. As such, prospective holders of the Notes should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident corporations are not taxpayers of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax and income inherited 
or obtained by gift (a título lucrativo) will generally be subject to NRIT, as capital gains, unless otherwise provided 
under an applicable double tax treaty. 
1.5 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
From 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, of 15 November, 
introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e., individuals, legal entities, permanent 
establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders that are 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the Spanish Tax 
Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of the 
immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2025 and 31 March 2025 the Notes held on 31 
December 2024).

--- Page 128 ---
121 
 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with other 
qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made in accordance 
with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in subsequent years if the value 
of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made 
previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be 
declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
1.6 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
According to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, the Issuer is subject to certain 
reporting obligations in relation to the Notes. 
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and provided that the Notes issued by the 
Issuer are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Fiscal 
Agent would be obliged to provide the Issuer with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency 
Agreement), which should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes);  
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be provided to 
the Issuer on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this requirement is complied 
with, the Issuer, will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax) all interest under the Notes to all 
Noteholders (irrespective of whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Fiscal Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, according to section 7 of 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer, or the Fiscal Agent acting on its behalf, could be required to 
withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 19 per cent.). If on or 
before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest is payable, the Paying Agent were to 
submit such information, the Issuer, or the Fiscal Agent acting on its behalf, would refund the total amount of taxes 
withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event that withholding tax were required by law, the 
Issuer, would pay such additional amounts as may be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same 
amount that he would have received in the absence of any such withholding or deduction, except as provided in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Taxation”. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, amongst others, 
a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the Issuer would inform the 
Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply 
withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders were not to comply with such information 
procedures. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including 
the Kingdom of Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued 
that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the 
proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations 
until the issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 131 ---
124 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) 
(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets 
products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Werfen, S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9598003BHZ02SG7LKD16 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
Euro 2,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 17 April 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2023 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 17 April 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) 
in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Base Prospectus dated [[●][and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]].] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from [●]. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin and will be available at: https://live.euronext.com and on the website of the 
Issuer at [●]. 
(Where listing is not on an EU regulated market or Notes are unlisted, references to the Prospectus Regulation 
in the Final Terms should be removed.) 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.)

--- Page 132 ---
125 
 
(1) 
Issuer: 
 
Werfen, S.A. 
(2) 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 29 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].] 
(3) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
 
[●] (in the case of Dual Currency Notes, specify the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated and the 
currency in which principal and/or interest are 
payable) 
(4) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
 
[●] 
(5) 
Issue Price: 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
(6) 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
 
[●]  
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
 
[●] 
(7) 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
(9) 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR/€STR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
Redemption Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
(11) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify there] 
(12) 
Put/Call Options: 
 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer]

--- Page 133 ---
126 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
(13) 
Issuer Substitution 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(14) 
Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[ [●] [and of [●] [function]] deciding the issue of the 
Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(15) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) 
[●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify) in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
(16) 
Floating Rate Provisions 
 
[In respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) 
[●] 
to 
(but 
excluding) 
[●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
 
[●] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
 
[●] in each year [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
 
[Not Applicable] [[●] in each year] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention 
set 
out 
in 
(v) 
below]

--- Page 134 ---
127 
 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
 
[●] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is not 
applicable: 
 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
 
[EURIBOR/€STR] [Not Applicable] (if the Rate of 
Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used for 
such determination)  
 
 
- 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] [The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Accrual Period]/ [First day 
of each Interest Accrual Period]/[The [first, second, 
third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for each Interest Accrual 
Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide details][The Interest Payment 
Date at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the last Interest Accrual Period prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption will 
be the Rate Cut-off Date (Include this wording for 
Payment Delay only)] 
(To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is

--- Page 135 ---
128 
 
€STR, without the prior agreement of the Fiscal 
Agent.)  
 (In the case of €STR) [[●] London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period]  
 
- 
Effective Interest Payment 
Date: 
 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the 
date fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 
5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
- 
p: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page:  
 
[●]/[ECB’s Website] 
 
- 
Calculation Method: 
 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/ 
Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Observation Look-back Period should be at 
least as many Business Days before the Interest 
Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable 
where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation 
Method; 
otherwise, 
select 
"Not 
Applicable".) 
 
- 
 D: 
 
[365/360/[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
- 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable (include for Payment Delay only)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal 
Agent.) 
 
- 
Reference Banks (when the 
Relevant Screen Page is not 
available): 
 
[●] 
 
- 
[Reference Currency: 
 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
 
[●]]

--- Page 136 ---
129 
 
 
- 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Designated Maturity: 
 
[●]] 
 
- 
[Specified Time: 
 
[●]] 
 
Insert only if Index 
Determination is 
applicable: 
 
 
 
- 
Compounded Index: 
 
[€STR Compounded Index]/[●] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date: 
 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period)] 
 
- 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(Relevant Decimal Place should be a number that is 
five or greater for Compounded Daily €STR.) 
 
- 
Relevant Number: 
 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
- 
Numerator: 
 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[●] [Overnight Floating Rate Option] [Index Floating 
Rate Option] (if the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an interest period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant 
two rates used for such determination)  
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Compounding 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
[Compounding Method 
 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days]

--- Page 137 ---
130 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- 
Averaging 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
[Averaging Method: 
 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- 
Index Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
[Index Method 
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) Linear interpolation: 
 
[Applicable – the Rate of interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(17) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield:  
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/

--- Page 138 ---
131 
 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(18) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, details in 
paragraphs 14 or 15 shall also be specified on the 
applicable interest basis. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
 
[Give details] 
 
(ii) Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[●] (give name and address) 
(19) 
Ratings Step-Up/Step-Down: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Step-Up Margin: 
 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(20) 
Call Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount] [Make-
whole Amount] [Condition 6(j) applies] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
- 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●] 
(21) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Security: 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Redemption Margin:  
 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers:  
 
[[●]/ As per Conditions] 
(22) 
Residual Maturity Call Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date:  
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Notice period:  
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●] 
 
(iii) Time period: 
 
[As per the Conditions]/ [●] 
(23) 
Substantial Purchase Event  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Substantial 
Purchase 
Event 
Redemption Amount 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination]

--- Page 139 ---
132 
 
(24) 
Change of Control Put Option  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(25) 
Put Option 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
[Condition 6(j) applies] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
 
[●] 
(26) 
Dual Currency Notes  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Rate of Exchange: 
 
[Give details] 
 
- 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
[●] (give name and address) 
(27) 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount]] 
(28) 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
- 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Calculation Amount]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(29) 
Form of Notes: 
 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]  
(30) 
New Global Note/held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
 
[Yes] [No] 
(31) 
Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not the

--- Page 140 ---
133 
 
dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 16(vii) relate) 
(32) 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Werfen, S.A.: 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 141 ---
134 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●]  
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated/The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]: [●].] 
[Fitch Ratings: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As 
such, [Insert credit rating agency/ies][is/are] included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website

--- Page 142 ---
135 
 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”).]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] is not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency], which is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU but is 
certified under (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] 
[[The rating [insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).]  
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).]  
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:

--- Page 143 ---
136 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
[The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other activities for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
4 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
 
 
[(i)] Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
[[●] 
[([See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus] – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, will need to give details here.)] 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
 
[[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.]  
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure is 
included at (i) above.)] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●]% per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Trade Date: 
 
[●] 
ISIN: 
 
[●] 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[●] is provided by [administrator legal name]][repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks

--- Page 144 ---
137 
 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)]]/ [Not Applicable]. 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
7 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 145 ---
138 
 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2] applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C applies/TEFRA D applies/TEFRA not 
applicable]

--- Page 146 ---
139 
 
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer uses certain financial measures derived from its consolidated accounting records to evaluate period to 
period changes that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU and are used by the Issuer for the 
purposes of a better understanding of the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer when making 
operational or strategic decisions for the Issuer. 
The below metrics are identified as APMs and accompanied by an explanation of each such metric’s components 
and calculation method as follows: 
“EBITDA” means consolidated net profit, before income tax, interest in the net profit of associated companies, 
profit/(loss) from financial instruments, exchange differences, financial expenses, financial income, other  (loss)/gain 
and depreciation of fixed assets, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements for the respective 
periods; 
“Adjusted EBITDA” means EBITDA before expenses in the context of mergers and acquisitions, expenses related 
to business integrations, and other one-off expenses from severances and company liquidations; 
“EBIT” means consolidated net profit, before income tax, interest in the net profit of associated companies, 
profit/(loss) from financial instruments, exchange differences, financial expenses and financial income. 
“Net Financial Debt” means gross financial debt less cash and cash equivalents; 
“Net Financial Debt to Adjusted EBITDA” means the ratio calculated as financial debt recognised on the balance 
sheet minus cash and equivalents divided by Adjusted EBITDA; 
“Gross Profit margin” means gross profit (revenue minus COGS) divided by revenue; 
“EBITDA margin” means EBITDA divided by revenue; and 
“Adjusted EBITDA margin” means Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue; and 
“Net Profit margin” means net profit divided by revenue. 
Additionally, set out below are the reconciliations for these APMs: 
 
 
Year ended  
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
EBITDA reconciliation (€ in millions) 
  
2023 
2022 
(+) Net profit (1) 
 
169 
251 
(-) Income Tax (1) 
 
(39) 
(61) 
(-) Interest in the net profit of associated companies (1) 
 
(3) 
- 
(-) Profit/(loss) from financial instruments (1) 
 
1 
1 
(-) Exchange Differences (1) 
 
(3) 
(2) 
(-) Financial Expenses (1) 
 
(91) 
(9) 
(-) Financial Income (1) 
 
10 
8 
(-) Other (loss)/gain (1) 
 
(12) 
0 
(-) Depreciation of fixed assets (1) 
  
(177) 
(133) 
EBITDA 
 
483 
446 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods.

--- Page 147 ---
140 
 
 
 
Year ended  
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) EBITDA 
 
483 
446 
(-) M&A and business integration expenses 
 
(31) 
(3) 
(-) Other one-off expenses from severances and company 
liquidations 
 
 
(2) 
 
- 
Adjusted EBITDA 
 
517 
449 
 
 
 
Year ended 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
EBIT reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Operating profit(1) (2) 
 
306 
314 
(+) Other (losses)/gains (1) 
 
(12) 
0 
EBIT 
 
294 
314 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods. 
(2) Consolidated net profit, before income tax, interest in the net profit of associated companies, profit/(loss) from financial 
instruments, exchange differences, financial expenses, financial income and other (loss)/gain;  
 
 
As of 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
Net Financial Debt reconciliation (€ in thousands) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Gross financial debt (1) 
 
2,204 
604 
(-) Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 
333 
335 
Net Financial Debt  
 
1,871 
270 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods. 
 
 
 
 
Net Financial Debt to Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation (€ in 
millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Net Financial Debt(1) 
 
1,871 
270 
(÷) Adjusted EBITDA(2)  
 
517 
449 
Net Financial Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 
 
3.6 
0.6 
_______________________________ 
Notes:. 
(1) As of 31 December 
(2) The Adjusted EBITDA used for the Net Financial Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio considers 9.5 months of consolidation of 
Immucor. 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
Gross Profit margin reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Gross Profit 
 
1,210 
1,052

--- Page 148 ---
141 
 
(÷) Revenue (1) 
 
2,106 
1,840 
Gross Profit margin 
 
57.4% 
57.2% 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods. 
 
 
 
Year ended 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
EBITDA margin reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) EBITDA 
 
483 
446 
(÷) Revenue (1) 
 
2,106 
1,840 
EBITDA margin 
 
23.0% 
24.2% 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods. 
 
 
 
Year ended 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
Adjusted EBITDA margin reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Adjusted EBITDA 
 
517 
449 
(÷) Revenue (1) 
 
2,106 
1,840 
Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 
24.5% 
24.4% 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods. 
 
 
 
Year ended 
 
31 
December 
31  
December 
Net Profit margin reconciliation (€ in millions) 
 
2023 
2022 
(+) Net Profit (1) 
 
169 
251 
(÷) Revenue (1) 
 
2,106 
1,840 
Net Profit margin 
 
8.0% 
13.6% 
_______________________________ 
Note: 
(1) The figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are extracted from the audited consolidated financial 
statements for the respective periods.

--- Page 149 ---
142 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Central Bank of Ireland approval and admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Programme update has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
15  April 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
3 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2023 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during twelve (12) months preceding 
the date of this document, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. 
5 
Bearer Notes 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
6 
Clearing 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 150 ---
143 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium, Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg.  
The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result 
in any member of the Werfen Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
(together with English translations thereof where the documents in question are not in English) will be available, 
during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection 
at the office of the Fiscal Agent and/or the Paying Agent and at the website of Werfen (www.werfen.com) for 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iii) 
the articles of association of the Issuer (together with English translations thereof), as the same may be 
updated from time to time; and 
(iv) 
a copy of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which comprise the 2022 
Financial Statements and the 2023 Financial Statements, together with any supplement thereto. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Programme, the following documents will be available, on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and on the website of Werfen (www.werfen.com): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further base prospectus; 
and 
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin or are offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom so long as such 
Notes are outstanding. 
9 
Statutory auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the years ended 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022 by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. with its registered address at Torre PwC, 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259B, 28046 Madrid, Spain, registered with the Official Registry of Accounting 
Auditors (ROAC) under number S0242. No other information relating to the Issuer in this Base Prospectus has 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
10 Issue Price and Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining the price and the

--- Page 151 ---
144 
 
process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series 
of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement 
date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment 
dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche.  
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date (as 
defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
11 LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 9598003BHZ02SG7LKD16. 
12 Conflicts of interest 
In the ordinary course of business, certain of the Dealers have provided and may in the future provide, directly 
and/or indirectly through their affiliates, investment and commercial banking, financial advisory and other 
services to the Issuer and/or its affiliates from time to time, for which they have received monetary 
compensation. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates may from time to time also enter into swap and other 
derivative transactions with the Issuer and/or its affiliates, may have positions, deal or make markets in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, enter into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and/or its affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or of its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and/or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Certain of the Dealers 
and/or their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph 
the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 152 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Werfen, S.A. 
Plaza de Europa, 21-23 
08908, L’ Hospitalet de Llobregat (Barcelona) 
Spain 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Ciudad BBVA 
C/Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 2nd floor 
28050 Madrid (Spain) 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia (Spain) 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L.  
Torre PwC 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259B 
28046 Madrid 
Spain  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law 
To the Dealers 
as to English and Spanish law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer  
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de Sociedad 
Profesional  
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain