--- Page 1 ---
95411252 
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 27 September 2021 
 
WESER CAPITAL LIMITED 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
US$50,000,000,000 
Certificate programme 
This Base Prospectus describes the US$50,000,000,000 certificate programme (the "Programme") of 
Weser Capital Limited (the "Issuer"). This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from 27 September 2021. 
The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply after the date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Under the Programme, the Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue secured certificates ("Secured Certificates") and unsecured certificates (the 
"Unsecured Certificates" and, together with the Secured Certificates, the "Certificates") on the terms set 
out herein, as further detailed in final terms (each, "Final Terms").  This Base Prospectus should be read 
in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms prepared in connection therewith.  The aggregate principal 
amount of Certificates outstanding will not at any time exceed US$50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in 
other currencies). 
The Certificates will generally offer exposure on a 1:1 basis for a Series of shares or interests in certain 
entities (including, but not limited to, companies, limited partnerships, unit trusts and contractual funds) 
(each a "Company") being a Company of a type that conforms to the criteria set out in the general 
description of Companies (as set out in "Series Assets - Description of the Shares and the Company") or 
the Certificates will offer exposure to a portfolio which consists of (1) shares or interests in the Company 
applicable to such Series (the "Shares") and (2) if specified, a Cash Account, with any return potentially 
being reduced by the payment of Transaction Fees (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates"), in each case as confirmed in the Final Terms relating to each particular Series. 
Each Certificate of a Series will be linked to the Shares. The Issuer at its discretion, in respect of a Series, 
may either (i) purchase the Shares and/or (ii) obtain exposure to the Shares by either entering into a swap 
(a "Swap") with Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Swap Counterparty") which references the 
Shares of the Company or by subscribing for certificates ("MS Certificates") issued by Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc (the "MS Certificate Issuer") which reference the Shares of the Company. Neither 
the Swap Counterparty nor the MS Certificate Issuer need purchase the Shares referenced by the Swaps 
or the MS Certificates, as applicable. The number or amount of Shares referenced in the Swap or MS 
Certificates, in respect of a Series, from time to time, will be determined by the Issuer on the basis that it is 
required to fully hedge its obligations to make payments under the Certificates. 
Certificates will be issued in Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme") and each Series will 
either consist of Secured Certificates and Secured Series Custodian Certificates only (each, a "Secured 
Series") or Unsecured Certificates and Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates only (each, an 
"Unsecured Series" and, together with the Secured Series, the "Series").  Each Secured Series (other 
than the Secured Series Custodian Certificates) will be secured by a charge on and/or assignment of 
and/or other security over or in respect of (i) Shares or MS Certificates owned by or held on behalf of the 
Issuer or a Swap or Swaps entered into by the Issuer in respect of such Secured Series and any sums 
held in a Cash Account (if any) for such Series (the "Collateral") and all proceeds of, income from and 
sums arising from such Collateral; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Collateral 
of such Secured Series; and (iii) the Issuer’s right, title and interest under any agreement under which the 
Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps and/or by which the Issuer purchases the Collateral in respect of the 
relevant Secured Series and the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates") and the Custody Agreement (if applicable) (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates"), together with security over such additional property as may be described in the relevant 
Final Terms (together, the "Mortgaged Property").  The Secured Series Custodian Certificates of a 
Secured Series will not be secured by or have recourse to the Mortgaged Property for that Series or any 
other asset. 
Each Unsecured Series will not be secured and the Unsecured Certificates (other than the Unsecured 
Series Custodian Certificates) will rely for their payment on, inter alia, and, in the case of (iv) below have 
the benefit of, the contractual rights of the Issuer in respect of (i) Shares or MS Certificates owned by or 
held on behalf of the Issuer or a Swap or Swaps entered into by the Issuer in respect of such Unsecured 
Series and any sums held in a Cash Account (if any) for such Series (the "Underlying Assets"), and all

--- Page 2 ---
95411252 
2 
 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying Assets; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in relation to the Underlying Assets of such Unsecured Series; and (iii) the Issuer’s right, title 
and interest under any agreement under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps and/or by which 
the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Unsecured Series, the Agency 
Agreement and the Custody Agreement (if applicable) as may be described in the relevant Final Terms 
and (iv) the rights of the Issuer under other Series of Certificates which limit the recourse of holders of 
Certificates of such other Series (together, the "Unsecured Series Property" and, together with the 
Mortgaged Property, the "Series Assets"). The Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates of an Unsecured 
Series will not have recourse to the Unsecured Series Property for that Series or any other asset.  All 
present and future creditors of specific Series Assets of a Series (including service providers for such 
particular Series) will have their recourse limited to the Series Assets of such Series.  The Unsecured 
Series Property of an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced against the claims of other creditors by 
virtue of having the benefit of any security.  There can be no guarantee that unspecified third parties will 
not make any claims against the Unsecured Series Property, and that any Unsecured Series Property will 
be available to meet the claims of the holders of Unsecured Certificates (the "Unsecured 
Certificateholders") at any time. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Certificates (the "Certificateholders") of a particular Series will 
be limited to the Series Assets applicable to that Series.  If the net proceeds of the enforcement or 
liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are not sufficient for the Issuer to make all payments due in 
respect of the Certificates of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be available for payment of 
any shortfall arising therefrom.  Any such shortfall shall be borne by Certificateholders of each Series as 
specified in the Conditions.  The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of such 
net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall 
remaining after either (i) in the case of Secured Certificates realisation of the Mortgaged Property and 
application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed or (ii) in respect of Unsecured Certificates, 
liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust 
Deed.  None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable) or any Certificateholder may take any 
further action to recover such shortfall. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, (the "Central Bank") as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation "). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Certificates. Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin") for Certificates issued under the Programme within 
12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List (the "Official List") and 
trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to 
Certificates being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market and have been admitted to the Official List. The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
However, unlisted Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme and the Programme provides 
that Certificates may be listed on such other stock exchange(s) outside the EU or markets as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Certificates, 
will specify whether or not application has been made for such Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin 
and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Payments in respect of the Certificates comprising each Series will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes unless required by law.  The Issuer will not be obliged to gross up 
payments in respect of the Certificates and any imposition of withholding taxes on payments in respect 
thereof may lead to redemption of Certificates.  See "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates – 
Redemption". 
The Certificates of a Series will be held through a clearing system and represented by a Global Certificate, 
the Global Certificate will be held by a common depositary appointed by Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
The Certificates will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity.

--- Page 3 ---
95411252 
3 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer 
and the Certificates which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the 
Issuer and the Certificates, is material to investors for making an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Certificates and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms in connection 
with the issue or sale of a Series of Certificates and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Dealer (each as defined in "Overview of the Programme").  Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended 
or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the subscription price of the Certificates subscribed for 
shall be in a minimum amount in US$ (or the equivalent in other currencies) such that the 
equivalent amount in Euros as at the date of issue of the Certificates shall be €100,000. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Certificates in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restriction.  The Certificates have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any 
state securities or "Blue Sky" laws, or with any other securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States.  The Issuer has not registered and will not 
register under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act").  Consequently, the Certificates may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered, 
pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), 
except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom or in a transaction 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and under circumstances 
designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the Investment Company Act.  
The Certificates may only be offered for sale outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S and in compliance with applicable 
laws, regulations and directives.  See "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Certificates and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions".

--- Page 4 ---
95411252 
4 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Certificates may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA . Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Certificates may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for

--- Page 5 ---
95411252 
5 
 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "US$" and "US dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro" 
and "€" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have 
adopted a single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Communities, as amended by the Treaty of European Union and references to "GBP" and 
"£" are references to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

--- Page 6 ---
95411252 
6 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Certificates. 
Purchasers of Certificates should conduct such independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements and the Certificates as they consider 
appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Certificates.  The 
Dealer does not make any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or 
implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which 
may at any time be supplied in connection with the Certificates and none of them accepts 
any responsibility or liability therefor.  The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Certificates of any 
information coming to the attention of the Dealer. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that this document contains all 
information with respect to the Issuer and the Certificates that is material in the context of 
the issue and offering of the Certificates, the statements contained in it relating to the 
Issuer are in every material particular true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions 
and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly 
held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on 
reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer or the Certificates 
the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Certificates, 
make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and all 
reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify 
the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section 
headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all 
of the risks of an investment in the Certificates. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Certificates. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements (if any), the 
Certificates, the Company (applicable to their Series) and the Shares (applicable to their 
Series) as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Certificates. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should have sufficient knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate 
analytical resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") and the applicable Final 
Terms (if any) and the merits and risks of investing in the Certificates in the context of their 
financial position and circumstances. The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Certificates of any 
information coming to the attention of the Dealer. The Dealer disclaims any responsibility to 
advise investors of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they 
may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
A copy of this document has been delivered to the registrar of companies in Jersey (the 
"Jersey Registrar") in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended, and the Jersey Registrar has given, and has not 
withdrawn, his consent to its circulation.  The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") has given, and has not withdrawn, or will have given prior to the issue of

--- Page 7 ---
95411252 
7 
 
the Certificates and not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Certificates.  The Commission is protected by the 
Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions under that law.  It must be distinctly understood that, in giving 
these consents, neither the Jersey Registrar nor the Commission takes any responsibility 
for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or 
opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your 
stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser.  It should be 
remembered that the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as 
up. 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in 
this document are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other 
facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the document, 
whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept responsibility accordingly. 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective 
investment fund for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 
1988, as amended, on the basis that they are investment products designed for 
financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge of, and experience of 
investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks involved 
in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as 
to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such 
investments. These investments are not regarded by the Commission as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor. 
Neither the investments described in this document nor the activities of any 
functionary with regard to such investments are subject to all the provisions of the 
Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document 
should consult his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully 
understands all the risks associated with making such an investment and has 
sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
The Certificates are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only 
for sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience and access to 
such professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own 
evaluation of the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the 
tax, accounting, credit, legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an 
investment) and who have considered the suitability of such Certificates in light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. Prospective investors should ensure that they 
understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the Certificates, and the 
extent of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Certificates and, before 
making their investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in 
this Base Prospectus, any applicable Supplements and the applicable Final Terms and, in 
particular, the considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured nature of the 
Certificates, their price may be more volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
Investors: Each prospective investor in the Certificates should have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Certificates, 
including where principal may reduce or be lost in its entirety as a result of the occurrence 
of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or 
changes in particular rates, prices or indices, or where the currency for principal payments 
is different from the prospective investor’s currency.

--- Page 8 ---
95411252 
8 
 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore 
consult its professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Certificates 
are legal investments for it, and/or (ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if relevant, 
pledge of any Certificates. Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Certificates under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The redemption amounts payable under the Certificates of a Series are determined by 
reference to the amount of redemption proceeds which would be received in respect of a 
series of Shares of the relevant Company after payment, if applicable, of any Transaction 
Fees. Potential investors should be aware that: 
 
(a) the market price of the Certificates may be volatile; 
(b) payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected; 
(c) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(d) the Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or indices; 
(e) the timing of changes in the value of Shares may affect the actual yield to investors. 
Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk 
entailed by an investment in the Certificates and the suitability of such Certificates in light of 
its particular circumstances. 
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other parties to the Relevant 
Agreements (the "Series Transaction Parties") or any of their respective affiliates is acting 
as an investment adviser, and none of them (other than the Note Trustee and the Security 
Trustee to the extent set out in the Principal Trust Deed) assumes any fiduciary obligation 
to any purchaser of Certificates or any other party, including the Issuer. In respect of each 
Series the Note Trustee holds the benefit of the Issuer's covenant to pay on trust for the 
Certificateholders of such Series pursuant to the Trust Deed and has certain fiduciary 
duties towards the Certificateholders such as its duty to act in good faith and not to make 
an unauthorised profit. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties assumes any 
responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any issuer or obligor 
of any Collateral or the terms of any Collateral. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other 
Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series for any information in relation to any 
person other than the entity giving the views or advice. 
No reliance: A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the 
other Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series or any of their respective affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Certificates or 
as to the other matters referred to above. 
No representations: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction 
Parties in respect of any Series makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
in respect of any Collateral or Underlying Assets, as applicable, or any issuer or obligor of 
any Collateral or Underlying Assets, as applicable, or in respect of any information 
contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of any such issuer

--- Page 9 ---
95411252 
9 
 
or obligor or in respect of such Collateral or such Underlying Assets, as applicable, with any 
exchange, governmental, supervisory or self regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty in respect of the Collateral or Underlying Assets, as applicable. 
Certificates obligations of the Issuer only: The Certificates will be obligations solely of 
the Issuer and will not be the responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any of Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, its affiliates or any other party named in this Base Prospectus and no 
person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Certificates. 
Change of law: The Conditions, the issue of the Certificates and the ratings which may be 
assigned (if applicable) to the Certificates are based on English law in effect as at the date 
of issue of the Certificates. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue 
of the Certificates. 
THE CERTIFICATES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND 
NONE OF THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED 
STATES HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE CERTIFICATES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES OR "BLUE SKY" LAWS OR WITH ANY 
OTHER SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE ISSUER HAS NOT REGISTERED AND 
WILL 
NOT 
REGISTER 
UNDER 
THE 
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY 
ACT. 
THE 
CERTIFICATES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, DELIVERED, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S). THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER FOR USE IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE CERTIFICATES OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO NON-U.S. PERSONS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S, FOR THE LISTING OF THE 
CERTIFICATES ON EURONEXT DUBLIN AND TRADING ON THE REGULATED 
MARKET. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND CERTAIN FURTHER RESTRICTIONS 
ON OFFERS AND SALES OF THE CERTIFICATES AND DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS, SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS". 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained within this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. All 
statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, 
including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s financial position, business 
strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer’s present 
and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the 
future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release

--- Page 10 ---
95411252 
10 
 
publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which such statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
95411252 
11 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
26 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
42 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
47 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHILE REPRESENTED BY 
THE GLOBAL CERTIFICATE 
79 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
82 
WESER CAPITAL LIMITED 
84 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
88 
THE MS CERTIFICATES AND THE MS CERTIFICATE ISSUER 
89 
SERIES ASSETS – DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARES AND THE COMPANY 
90 
TAXATION 
92 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
98 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
104 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
107 
APPENDIX I: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
119 
INDEX 
120

--- Page 12 ---
95411252 
12 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms relating to the Series of which any Certificate is a part: 
 
Issuer 
Weser Capital Limited.  The registered office of the 
Issuer is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The share capital of the Issuer is £10,000 divided into 
10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two shares have 
been issued and are fully paid up.
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)
635400LYMEGFQD9TML15.
Description
US$50,000,000,000 certificate programme.
Size 
Up to US$50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the trade date of the relevant Certificates) 
aggregate principal amount of Certificates outstanding 
at any one time.
Dealer and Certificate 
Custodian
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Calculation Agent
Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited
Paying Agent
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch
Note Trustee
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
Security Trustee
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
Swap Counterparty
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
MS Certificate Issuer
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
Corporate Administrator 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited. The registered 
office of the corporate administrator is at 47 Esplanade, 
St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD
Cash Account Bank
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
Status of Certificates 
The Certificates of a Series will be issued either as 
Secured Certificates and Secured Series Custodian 
Certificates 
only 
or 
Unsecured 
Certificates 
and 
Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates only. 
The Secured Certificates of each Secured Series (other 
than Secured Series Custodian Certificates) will be 
secured limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and secured in the manner described in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Certificates – Status, 
Security and Assets of the Issuer – Mortgaged 
Property". 
The Unsecured Certificates of each Unsecured Series 
(other 
than 
the 
Unsecured 
Series 
Custodian 
Certificates) will be limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer, ranking pari passu without any preference 
among themselves, will not be secured and will have 
the rights described in "Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 13 ---
95411252 
13 
 
Certificates – Status, Security and Assets of the Issuer 
– Unsecured Series Property". Recourse in respect of 
any Unsecured Series will be limited to the Unsecured 
Series Property in respect of that Unsecured Series. 
Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to the 
Series Assets in respect of that Series. If the net 
proceeds of such Series Assets are not sufficient for the 
Issuer to make all payments due in respect of the 
Certificates of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer 
will not be available for payment of any shortfall arising 
therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne by the 
Certificateholders of such Series as specified in the 
Conditions. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any 
further payment in excess of such net proceeds and 
accordingly no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect of such shortfall remaining after either (i) in 
respect of Secured Certificates, realisation of the 
Mortgaged Property and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the Trust Deed or (ii) in respect of 
Unsecured Certificates, liquidation of the Unsecured 
Series Property and application of the proceeds in 
accordance with the Trust Deed. None of the Note 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, or any 
Certificateholder may take any further action to recover 
such shortfall.  In particular, none of the Note Trustee, 
the Security Trustee, if applicable, or any holder of 
Certificates, shall be entitled to institute or join with any 
other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
winding up or bankruptcy proceedings (whether court 
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its 
assets.
Series Assets 
The general details of the type of Companies and 
Shares that can form the Series Assets (along with the 
Cash Account (if any)) are set out in the general 
description of Companies (see "Series Assets -
Description of the Shares and the Company") and 
details of the specific Series Assets that relate to a 
particular Series will be confirmed in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Series Assets in respect of a Secured 
Series will include any Collateral. The Series Assets in
respect of an Unsecured Series will include any 
Underlying 
Assets. 
Series 
Assets 
of 
Secured 
Certificates are referred to as Mortgaged Property. 
Series Assets of Unsecured Certificates are referred to 
as Unsecured Series Property.
Company 
Each entity of a type that conforms to the criteria set out 
in the general description of Companies (as set out in 
"Series Assets - Description of the Shares and the 
Company") and in respect of which Certificates linked to 
the instruments or interests issued by such entity have 
been issued by the Issuer. 
Shares 
The respective shares or interest in a Company as 
applicable to the relevant Certificates relating to each 
particular Series.
Custodian 
If specified in the Final Terms for a Series as applicable, 
the Issuer may appoint The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as a custodian to hold the Shares

--- Page 14 ---
95411252 
14 
 
and/or cash on the terms of the Custody Agreement for 
such Series.
Mortgaged Property 
The Secured Certificates of each Secured Series (other 
than Secured Series Custodian Certificates) will be 
secured in the manner set out in the relevant Final 
Terms and Supplemental Trust Deed, which will include 
a charge on and/or assignment of and/or other security 
over or in respect of (i) certain Collateral and all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from such 
Collateral; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in relation to the Collateral of such Series; (iii) the 
Issuer’s right, title and interest under the Custody 
Agreement (if applicable); and (iv) any agreement under 
which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps and/or 
by which the Issuer purchases the Collateral in respect 
of such Secured Series and the Agency Agreement, 
together with security over such additional property as 
may be described in the Supplemental Trust Deed in 
respect of such Secured Series and/or the relevant 
Final Terms.
Unsecured Series Property 
The Unsecured Certificates of each Unsecured Series 
will not be secured. Instead the Unsecured Certificates 
(other 
than 
the 
Unsecured 
Series 
Custodian 
Certificates) of an Unsecured Series will rely for their
payment on, inter alia, and, in the case of (v) below 
have the benefit of, the contractual rights of the Issuer in 
respect of (i) certain Underlying Assets and all proceeds 
of, income from and sums arising from such Underlying 
Assets; (ii) all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in
relation to the Underlying Assets of such Unsecured 
Series; (iii) the Issuer’s right, title and interest under the 
Custody Agreement (if applicable); (iv) any agreement 
under which the Issuer enters into the Swap or Swaps 
and/or by which the Issuer purchases the Underlying 
Assets in respect of such Unsecured Series and the 
Agency Agreement as may be described in the Trust 
Deed in respect of such Unsecured Series and/or the 
relevant Final Terms; and (v) the rights of the Issuer 
under other Series of Certificates which limit the 
recourse of Certificateholders of such other Series.
Method of issue of Certificates 
The Certificates will be issued in series (each a 
"Series") on one or more issue dates.  Certificates of a 
Series shall be issued on identical terms (or identical 
other than in respect of the issue date), the Certificates 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Certificates of that Series (other than the 
Custodian Certificates). 
Certificates (whether Secured Certificates or Unsecured 
Certificates) in a Series will be constituted by one or 
more Supplemental Trust Deeds for such Series. 
Secured Certificates in a Secured Series will also be 
secured pursuant to such Supplemental Trust Deed for 
such Secured Series.  Each Supplemental Trust Deed 
will be supplemental to the Principal Trust Deed, which 
contains the provisions common to all Series of 
Certificates. The Supplemental Trust Deed for a single 
Series together with the Principal Trust Deed (together, 
the "Trust Deed" for a Series) will contain all the

--- Page 15 ---
95411252 
15 
 
provisions for the issuance of the Certificates of such 
Series.
Issuance of a Series 
On the first Issue Date of a Series: 
1. 
the Issuer will issue the maximum number of 
Certificates available in such Series (as set out 
in the Final Terms) at a price per certificate as 
set out in the Final Terms for such Certificates; 
2. 
the Dealer will pay to the Issuer the amount set 
out in the Final Terms (such amount being the 
product 
of 
(i) 
the 
maximum 
amount 
of 
Certificates of such Series and (ii) the price per 
Certificate therefor); 
3. 
the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer such 
amount of Certificates that are not being sold by 
the Dealer to investors on the first Issue Date of
such Series at a price per Certificate as set out 
in the Final Terms (such price being the same 
as the price that the Issuer issues the issue of 
Certificates under 1. above); and 
4. 
the Issuer will pay to the Dealer the amount set 
out in the Final Terms (such amount being the 
product of (i) the amount of Certificates that are 
not being sold by the Dealer to investors on the 
first Issue Date and (ii) the price per Certificate 
therefor). 
The payments due from the Dealer to the Issuer and 
from the Issuer to the Dealer will be netted.  The 
Certificates of such Series so repurchased will be held 
by the Certificate Custodian on behalf of the Issuer.
Price of Certificates   
All Certificates of a Series will be issued with each 
having a nominal amount of US$1.00 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies rounded upwards as agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer). The price per 
Certificate will equal the share price of the Shares.  The 
minimum value of Certificates of a Series that can be 
subscribed for by an investor or transferred by a 
Certificateholder (other than for transfers to the 
Certificate Custodian) shall be an amount in US$ (or the 
equivalent in other currencies) such that the equivalent 
amount in Euros as at the date of such subscription or 
transfer shall be €100,000. 
An 
existing 
Certificateholder 
may 
subsequently 
subscribe for any number of additional Certificates. If a 
new subscriber were to purchase Certificates on a date 
other than the issue date for such certificates from the 
Issuer or through the secondary market, then such 
subscriber will have to subscribe for a sufficient number 
of Certificates so that the purchase price payable 
therefor will be the US$ equivalent (or the equivalent in 
other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 or more. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Certificates may be issued in any 
currency as the Issuer and the Dealer may agree.
Maturity
The Certificates of a Series are expected to mature on

--- Page 16 ---
95411252 
16 
 
the Maturity Date of such Series but will be subject to 
mandatory redemption in full in the circumstances 
described below and in Condition 7.  The Certificates of 
a Series may also be repurchased by the Issuer as 
described below. 
The Maturity Date for a Series will be specified in the 
Final Terms for such Series. No payments will be due 
on the Certificates prior to the Maturity Date other than 
upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, 
a voluntary repurchase of the Certificates by the Issuer 
from the Dealer or an Event of Default prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event 
or an Event of Default and on the Maturity Date, all 
outstanding Certificates are expected to be redeemed in 
an amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Redemption Amount on such date. 
With respect to the Maturity Date the Issuer will request 
the realisation of the Shares and/or MS Certificates 
and/or request payments under the Swap or Swaps, if 
applicable, in sufficient time to allow the Company to 
redeem or realise the underlying assets by the Maturity 
Date so that the only amount payable in respect of the 
Certificates on the Maturity Date shall be the Certificate 
Redemption Amount. If a Fixed Maturity Date is 
specified in the Final Terms, and if any amounts are 
received by the Issuer after the Maturity Date then such 
amounts shall be retained by the Issuer and available to 
be distributed to ExcelEdge Holdings Limited for the 
benefit of the ExcelEdge Limited Trust. If a Scheduled 
Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms, then if the 
Issuer has not received by such Scheduled Maturity 
Date (a) the full cash proceeds of redemption of the 
Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or payments 
under the Swap or Swaps, if applicable, (b) in the 
context of a redemption of the Shares due to be 
effected in kind, the cash proceeds of disposal or 
redemption of the assets underlying the Shares or (c) 
any other form of liquidation of the Shares, the Maturity 
Date shall be the twentieth Business Day following such 
receipt.
Custodian Certificates 
All Certificates of a Series repurchased by the Issuer on 
the Issue Date of such Series shall be Custodian 
Certificates for so long as they are held by the 
Certificate Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and either 
(a) for so long as the Certificates of such Series are 
held through a clearing system, shall be held in the 
Certificate Custodian’s client account at the applicable 
clearing system or (b) if the Certificates of such Series 
are no longer held through a clearing system due to an 
Exchange Event (see "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Certificates while Represented by the Global 
Certificate – Exchange of Global Certificates for 
Definitive Certificates"), shall be represented by a global 
certificate (the "Custodian Global Certificate") held by 
the Certificate Custodian.  While held through a clearing 
system, the Custodian Certificates will be included in 
the total number of Certificates issued through such

--- Page 17 ---
95411252 
17 
 
clearing system, will be classed as Certificates by the 
applicable clearing system, but the Certificate Custodian 
will renounce all rights that Certificates have and will 
notify the clearing system accordingly.  Such clearing 
system will treat the Certificates held in the Certificate 
Custodian’s client account as not having any rights 
while they are held in the Certificate Custodian’s client 
account and will only have the same rights as other 
Certificates upon transfer to a new investor. 
Custodian Certificates in respect of Secured Certificates
are referred to as "Secured Series Custodian 
Certificates". Custodian Certificates in respect of 
Unsecured Certificates are referred to as "Unsecured 
Series Custodian Certificates". 
Custodian Certificates carry no voting rights, do not 
bear interest and no amount of principal or interest is 
payable thereon and are not secured by any property. 
Custodian Certificates are held by the Certificate
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer either (a) for so long 
as an Exchange Event has not occurred, through the 
Certificate Custodian’s client account at a clearing 
system or (b) following an Exchange Event, through the 
Custodian Global Certificate. 
On each date on which Custodian Certificates are sold 
by the Issuer to the Dealer: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates that continue to be 
held through a clearing system, the Certificate 
Custodian shall transfer, in accordance with the 
applicable 
clearing 
system’s 
transfer 
procedures, such number of Certificates being 
sold that are held in the Certificate Custodian’s 
client account to the Dealer’s trading account at 
the applicable clearing system.  The applicable 
clearing system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance 
with 
its 
standard 
transfer 
procedures and book entries will be effected 
within such clearing system, such that the total 
number of Certificates held by the Certificate 
Custodian in the Certificate Custodian’s client 
account will have been reduced by the number 
of Certificates by which the number of 
Certificates held by the Dealer in the Dealer’s 
trading account (and then ultimately by the 
applicable participants, in the clearing system, 
for the new investors) have been increased. 
Such Certificates transferred by the Certificate 
Custodian through the clearing system will, upon 
transfer, cease to be treated as ‘Custodian 
Certificates’ and the clearing system shall note 
in its book entries that such transferred 
Certificates then have all the rights that other 
Certificates have.  Morgan Stanley, as both 
Dealer and as the Certificate Custodian shall 
note in its records (outside of the clearing 
system) the number of Custodian Certificates 
transferred and the total number of Custodian 
Certificates remaining; or

--- Page 18 ---
95411252 
18 
 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates that are no longer held 
through a clearing system due to the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, the Custodian Global 
Certificate shall be written down and the number 
of Certificates registered in the Register shall be 
increased by the same number (and the names 
of the new Certificateholders shall be included 
on the Register or the number of Certificates 
held by an existing Certificateholder will be 
increased accordingly) such that, after such 
write-down and increase have taken place in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Trust Deed, the 
total number of Custodian Certificates will have 
been reduced by the total number of Certificates 
by which the number of Certificates registered in 
the Register have been increased.  The 
Custodian Certificates resold to the Dealer will 
upon resale cease to be Custodian Certificates 
and will be registered in the Register in the 
name of the Certificateholders or the number of 
Certificates held by an existing Certificateholder 
will be increased accordingly.  Such Certificates 
will carry all of the rights which the existing 
Certificates carry. 
Custodian Certificates shall be issued at the price set 
out in the relevant Final Terms.
Fungible Increases 
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a Series, 
the Issuer may sell, via the Dealer, to existing or new 
Certificateholders further Certificates in such Series on 
the next Company Investment Subscription Date subject 
to the following conditions, provided that for such 
Series: 
(a) 
the company that the proceeds of such Series 
are invested in (the "Company") continues to 
accept new subscription requests for the amount 
of Shares which may be purchased using the 
proceeds of sale of such Custodian Certificates;
(b) 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the 
Issuer is expected, on the next Company 
Investment Subscription Date, to have a 
sufficient number of Custodian Certificates 
available for purchase to meet such request; 
(c) 
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have 
been satisfied; and 
(d) 
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to or 
greater than the US$ equivalent (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of 
€100,000 (or such other greater amount as may 
be agreed between the Calculation Agent and 
the Dealer).
 
On any Business Day on which the Dealer has 
requested the sale of Custodian Certificates, the Issuer 
will direct the Certificate Custodian to sell to the Dealer 
for on-sale to the existing or new Certificateholders and 
the Dealer will agree to purchase on the next Company

--- Page 19 ---
95411252 
19 
 
Investment 
Subscription 
Date 
such 
number 
of 
Custodian Certificates as the Calculation Agent may in 
its sole discretion determine following publication of the 
Share NAV on the relevant Company Investment 
Subscription Date and the Dealer will pay to the
Certificate Custodian no later than 2pm two Company 
Business Days prior to such Company Investment 
Subscription Date an amount equal to the Requested 
Fungible Notional and the Certificate Custodian will 
remit such amount promptly to the Company and/or the
MS Certificate Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty, if 
applicable, on behalf of the Issuer.
 
The Custodian Certificates being sold will be sold to the 
Dealer at the Certificate Price as of the relevant 
Company Investment Subscription Date and will cease 
to be Custodian Certificates as of such date.
Company Investment Subscription 
Date 
Means, in relation to a request for sale of further 
Certificates to the Dealer, the second Company 
Business Day following the date on which such request 
has been received by the Issuer.
Subscription Conditions Precedent 
The conditions precedent to the issue of the Certificates 
and purchase of Custodian Certificates on a Company 
Investment Subscription Date as set out in the Dealer 
Agreement.
Mandatory Early Redemption
If:
 
(a) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, if it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that the 
Issuer may determine in its sole discretion to 
redeem all Certificates and the Issuer so 
determines; 
(b) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early 
Termination Event (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates") has occurred 
which it does not waive; or 
(c) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an 
additional Early Termination Event as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms for such Certificates 
occurs
 
(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event") then all of 
the Certificates which are in issue at such time will be 
redeemed and the remaining Custodian Certificates will 
be cancelled in accordance with the process described 
below. 
If, at the time of such Mandatory Redemption Event, 
there were purchasers who were to purchase new 
Certificates on a date after the occurrence of the 
Mandatory Redemption Event and consequently the 
Dealer was to request a transfer of Custodian 
Certificates, then such transfer of Custodian Certificates 
shall be cancelled and the subscription for new 
Certificates shall not take place. 
Upon mandatory redemption, the Certificates will be 
redeemed in an amount per Certificate being redeemed

--- Page 20 ---
95411252 
20 
 
equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption 
Event, the Issuer shall give not more than two Company 
Business Days’ prior notice (or such other notice period 
as indicated in the Trust Deed for such Certificates) of 
the 
date 
of 
such 
mandatory 
redemption 
(the 
"Redemption Date") to the Note Trustee, the Account 
Bank (if applicable), the Certificateholders and the 
Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable). The 
Issuer will pay any amount due and payable to the Note 
Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the Agents, 
to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses 
Agreement, and then redeem the Certificates in an 
amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Redemption Amount on the date falling two Company 
Business Days after the Redemption Date (or such 
other number of days specified in the Final Terms) 
subject to the Issuer having received the proceeds of 
realisation of the Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or 
payments under the applicable Swap or Swaps, if 
applicable, one Company Business Day after such 
Redemption Date. If receipt of the proceeds of 
realisation of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates 
and/or payments under the Swap, if applicable, is
delayed the redemption of the Certificates will be 
effected within two Company Business Days of receipt 
thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption of 
the Certificates is contingent on the Issuer receiving 
proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or MS 
Certificates and/or payments under the applicable 
Swap. If the Issuer subsequently receives, within 60 
days of the Redemption Date, further amounts from the 
Company from the realisation of Shares and/or the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap and/or the MS 
Certificate Issuer pursuant to the MS Certificates, in 
each case if applicable, in respect of such Certificates, 
then the Issuer will pay to the former Certificateholders 
their pro rata share of any such amounts. Such a 
situation could occur if the Company has invested in 
assets with limited liquidity.
Early redemption 
Certificateholders do not have any right to request an 
early redemption of the Certificates other than as a 
result of an Event of Default or a Mandatory 
Redemption Event in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Certificates.
Early repurchase 
 
If a Certificateholder or Certificateholders request 
repurchase by the Dealer and the Dealer requests the 
Issuer to repurchase on no less than one Company 
Business Day’s notice, the Issuer may agree in its sole 
discretion to repurchase one or more Certificates on a 
Company Business Day (each, a "Purchase Date"). 
To effect such repurchase, on the date on which the 
Issuer receives notice of such repurchase request, the 
Calculation Agent will request the Company to redeem 
a number of Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or 
request the Swap Counterparty make a payment under 
the Swap, in each case, in respect of a number of 
Shares equal to the number of Certificates being

--- Page 21 ---
95411252 
21 
 
repurchased by the Issuer or, if Transaction Fees are 
paid using "Method C", "Method E" or (in the case of 
unlisted Certificates only) "Method D", such number of 
Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or payment amount 
under the Swap as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion. 
The Certificates repurchased on such Purchase Date 
shall be repurchased in an amount per Certificate equal 
to the Certificate Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Certificateholders two 
Company Business Days after the Purchase Date (or
such other number of days as specified in the Final 
Terms) subject to the Issuer having received the 
proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or the MS 
Certificates and/or payments under the Swap, if 
applicable, one Company Business Day after such 
Purchase Date.  If receipt of the proceeds of realisation 
of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or 
payments under the Swap, if applicable, is delayed the 
repurchase of the Certificates will be effected within 
two Company Business Days of receipt thereof by the 
Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Certificates repurchased prior to the 
Maturity Date, the Issuer subsequently receives, within 
60 days of the Purchase Date of such Certificates, 
further amounts from the Company from the realisation 
of Shares and/or the MS Certificate Issuer from the 
realisation of the MS Certificates and/or the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap, if applicable, in respect of 
such Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the former 
Certificateholders their pro rata share of any such 
amounts. Any amounts received by the Issuer from the 
Company, the MS Certificate Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty after such 60 days will be retained by the 
Issuer. Such a situation could occur if the Company has 
invested in assets with limited liquidity. 
All Certificates repurchased by the Issuer may at the 
option of the Issuer be cancelled, in which case the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Certificates 
shall be discharged. Absent such cancellation and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, 
the Certificates repurchased by the Issuer shall be held 
by the Certificate Custodian on the Issuer’s behalf and 
become Custodian Certificates. 
On each date on which Certificates are repurchased by 
the Issuer from the Dealer: 
(a) 
in the case of Certificates that are not cancelled 
as referred to above and continue to be held 
through a clearing system, the Dealer shall 
transfer, in accordance with the applicable 
clearing system’s transfer procedures, such 
number of Certificates being repurchased that 
are held in the Dealer’s trading account to the 
Certificate Custodian’s client account at the 
applicable clearing system.  The applicable 
clearing system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance 
with 
its 
standard 
transfer

--- Page 22 ---
95411252 
22 
 
procedures and book-entries will be affected 
within such clearing system, such that the total 
number of Certificates held by the Certificate 
Custodian in the Certificate Custodian’s client 
account will have been increased by the total 
number of certificates by which the number of 
Certificates held by the Dealer in the Dealer’s 
trading account (which had previously been 
transferred to the Dealer by the applicable 
participants, in the clearing system, for the 
investors that are requesting such repurchase) 
have been increased.  Such Certificates 
transferred to the Certificate Custodian through 
the clearing system will, upon transfer, be 
treated as ‘Custodian Certificates’ and the 
clearing system shall note in its book-entries 
that such transferred Certificates no longer have 
the rights that other Certificates have.  Morgan 
Stanley, as both Dealer and as the Certificate 
Custodian shall note in its records (outside of 
the clearing system) the number of Custodian 
Certificates transferred to it and the new total 
number of Custodian Certificates; or 
(b) 
in the case of Certificates that are not cancelled 
as referred to above and are no longer held 
through a clearing system due to the occurrence 
of 
an 
Exchange 
Event, 
the 
number 
of 
Certificates registered in the Register shall be 
decreased (and the names of the applicable 
Certificateholders removed from the Register or 
the size of their holdings decreased) and the 
Custodian Global Certificate marked up by the 
same number such that, after such decrease 
and mark-up have taken place in accordance
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Trust Deed, the total number 
of 
Custodian Certificates 
will 
have been 
increased by the total number of Certificates by 
which the number of Certificates registered in 
the Register has decreased.
Interest on Certificates
The Certificates will not bear interest.
Transaction Fees 
The Final Terms for a Series will specify the method of 
payment of the Transaction Fees. Transaction Fees 
may be (i) paid outside of the transaction ("Method A"), 
(ii) paid from the Series Assets at the redemption of 
such Series ("Method B"), (iii) paid from the Series 
Assets on a regular basis during the life of such Series 
("Method C" or "Method E"), (iv) in the case of Series 
not listed on Euronext Dublin, some other method 
specified in the Final Terms ("Method D").
Restrictions and covenants 
So long as any of the Certificates remains outstanding, 
the Issuer will not declare any dividends (other than a 
dividend of up to US$750 per Series or other series 
under alternative programmes of the Issuer), have any 
subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or 
otherwise acquire any real property, consolidate or 
merge with any other person, convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially as an entity to any

--- Page 23 ---
95411252 
23 
 
person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions) 
or issue any shares (other than such shares as were in 
issue on 29 May 2012).
 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent 
of the Certificateholders) issue further certificates, 
subject to the conditions precedent set out in Conditions 
18(a) and (b).
Cross default
None.
Withholding tax 
In the event a withholding or deduction is required by 
law, the Issuer shall pay net of the relevant taxes.  A 
Certificateholder 
must 
pay 
all 
Certificateholder 
Expenses relating to a Certificate held by or being 
exercised by it as a condition precedent to receiving any 
amount in respect of the Certificates and the Issuer is 
entitled 
to 
deduct 
all 
relevant 
Certificateholder 
Expenses from any such payment to be made by it 
under the Certificates.
Initial delivery of Certificates 
The Certificates of each Series will be issued in 
registered form, serially numbered for such Series and 
initially, and for so long as an Exchange Event has not 
occurred, will be held through a clearing system and 
represented by a Global Certificate. 
The Certificates of a Series will initially be represented 
by interests in a global certificate (a "Global 
Certificate"), registered in the Register in the name of a 
nominee for the common depositary of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") 
and the Global Certificate shall be deposited with the 
Common Depositary.
 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system. Certificates will be registered in 
the name of nominees or a common nominee for such 
clearing systems.
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
The Secured Certificates (other than the Secured Series 
Custodian Certificates) comprise secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer. The Unsecured 
Certificates (other than the Unsecured Series Custodian 
Certificates) comprise limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer. 
In respect of a Series, the Certificateholders shall have 
recourse only to the Series Assets of such Series, 
(subject, solely in the case of Secured Certificates, 
always to the Security), and not to any other assets of 
the Issuer. Claims by Certificateholders of a particular 
Secured Series (the "Secured Certificateholders") and 
any other secured creditor will be limited to the 
Mortgaged Property of such Secured Series. Claims by 
Unsecured Certificateholders of a particular Unsecured 
Series and any other unsecured creditors will be limited 
to the Unsecured Series Property of such Unsecured 
Series. 
If, after the Series Assets for a Series has been 
exhausted (in the case of Secured Certificates, pursuant 
to enforcement of the Security and in the case of 
Unsecured 
Certificates, 
following 
all 
necessary

--- Page 24 ---
95411252 
24 
 
processes) and following the application of the available 
cash sums derived therefrom in accordance with 
Condition 4(h) of the Certificates and the Trust Deed, 
any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of 
the Certificates of such Series remains unpaid, then 
such outstanding claims will be extinguished and no 
debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following such extinguishment, none of the Note 
Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable), the 
Certificateholders or any other person acting on behalf 
of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps 
against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no 
debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in 
respect of such further sum in respect of such Series. 
None of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee (if 
applicable), the Certificateholders or any person acting 
on behalf of any of them may at any time institute, or 
join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-
up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall have 
any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or 
property attributable to any other certificates issued by 
the Issuer (save for any further certificates which form a 
single series with the Certificates). 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions shall 
survive maturity of the Certificates and the expiration or 
termination of the Trust Deed.
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to 
any Series, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer.
Governing law
English.
Listing of Certificates 
Application will be made for certain Series of 
Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin.
Selling restrictions 
United States, United Kingdom, European Economic 
Area, Germany, Jersey, Ireland and any other 
restrictions relevant to any Series.  See "Subscription 
and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
Transfer restrictions 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Certificates. See 
Condition 3(a) below.
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of sale of the Certificates of a Series 
and of any other Custodian Certificates will be used by 
the Issuer to acquire shares or interests in a company 
or fund (the "Shares") at their prevailing net asset value 
pursuant to the subscription booklet for such Company 
and/or acquire MS Certificates and/or enter into a Swap 
or Swaps with the Swap Counterparty.  The assets of 
the Company relating to the Shares will be invested by 
such Company. If Method C, Method D or Method E is 
specified for the payment of Transaction Fees, then the 
Issuer may deposit any amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms into the Cash Account on the Issue Date for

--- Page 25 ---
95411252 
25 
 
such Certificates. 
Members 
Means a party that has acquired Shares in a Company or a 
party that is entitled to exercise the rights of such party in 
relation to those Shares, as applicable.

--- Page 26 ---
95411252 
26 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Certificates issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Certificates issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Certificates issued under the Programme, but the inability of the 
Issuer to pay principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Certificates may 
occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Certificates are exhaustive. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
1 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing 
Certificates for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts 
and the Swaps.  
The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) that, as long as any Certificate 
remains outstanding, it will not engage in any activity or business, except as provided 
or contemplated by the Certificates, the Custodian Certificates, the Relevant 
Agreements and the Alternative Programme Agreements and to perform any acts 
incidental to or necessary in connection therewith, or any act required by law, 
regulation or order of any court to be performed. 
For further information on the restrictions on the Issuers’ activities, see the section of 
the Base Prospectus entitled “Weser Capital Limited – Special Purpose Vehicle”.  
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up 
share capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of 
Certificates from time to time, any Series Assets, any other assets on which Secured 
Certificates are secured and any other assets contemplated by the Alternative 
Programme Agreements.  
(b) 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
Other than consent to the circulation of this Base Prospectus given by the Jersey 
Registrar and consent to the issuance of the Certificates given by the Commission, 
and unless otherwise specified for a Series of Certificates, the Issuer is not required 
to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, 
insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is 
no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not take 
a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to the 
Issuer. There is also no assurance that the regulatory authorities in other 
jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or authorised under any 
securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of those 
jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer and could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early

--- Page 27 ---
95411252 
27 
 
redemption of the Certificates, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the 
Certificates. 
(c) 
No registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as 
an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. If the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction were to 
find that the Issuer is required but, in violation of the Investment Company Act, had 
failed to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but are 
not limited to the following: (i) the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission could 
apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the Issuer could sue 
the Issuer and recover any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to 
which the Issuer is party that is made in, or whose performance involves a, violation 
of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract 
unless a court were to find that under the circumstances enforcement would produce 
a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be inconsistent with the 
purposes of the Investment Company Act. Should the Issuer be subjected to any or 
all of the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and adversely affected and this 
could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early redemption of the 
Certificates, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the Certificates. 
2 
Risks relating to the Certificates 
(a) 
Amounts payable to Certificateholders on early redemption  
The Certificates may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date if: 
(i) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, if it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion to redeem all 
Certificates and the Issuer so determines; or 
(ii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Early Termination Event has occurred which it does not waive; or 
(iii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an additional Early Termination Event as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms for such Certificates occurs.  
In addition, the Note Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at 
least one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates (excluding 
any outstanding Custodian Certificates, if any) then outstanding or if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders (subject, in each case, to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) direct the 
redemption of the Certificates. The amount payable per Certificate to 
Certificateholders in such circumstances will be, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount, 
subject to the payment of all prior ranking amounts as provided in the Conditions. 
The Issuer will fund such payments under a Series of Certificates from payment(s) 
due to it under the Collateral or the Underlying Assets as the case may be (if 
applicable). This will expose Certificateholders to the market value of the Collateral 
or the Underlying Assets, as applicable (for a consideration of factors that may 
impact such values see "Risk Factors – Risks relating to Companies and Shares" 
below). 
If, following the realisation in full of the Mortgaged Property in the case of Secured 
Certificates or the Unsecured Series Property in the case of Unsecured Certificates 
relating to the relevant Series of Certificates (in the case of Secured Certificates by

--- Page 28 ---
95411252 
28 
 
way of enforcement of the Security) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in the Conditions, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer in 
respect of such Series of Certificates which remain unpaid, then such outstanding 
claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
In such circumstances, the investors in the Certificates may not receive back their 
investment and may receive zero. 
(b) 
Limited recourse obligations   
In respect of a Secured Series, the Secured Certificates (other than the Secured 
Series Custodian Certificates) are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer payable solely out of the Mortgaged Property over which security is given by the 
Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee on behalf of the Secured Certificateholders and 
other secured creditors. In respect of an Unsecured Series, the Unsecured Certificates 
(other than the Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates) are direct, limited recourse 
obligations for the Issuer payable solely out of the Unsecured Series Property. The 
Issuer will have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of 
its obligations under the Certificates. No assurance can be made that the proceeds 
available for the payment of the amounts due to the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee 
and the Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and the 
proceeds available for and allocated to the repayment of the Certificates at any 
particular time will be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be due and 
payable to the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Agents (to the extent not 
paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and under the Certificates. If a shortfall 
arises, the shortfall will be borne by the Certificateholders and the Series Transaction 
Parties in accordance with the order of priority set out in the Trust Deed.  
If, in the case of Secured Certificates, the proceeds of the realisation of the Security 
received by the Security Trustee or, in the case of Unsecured Certificates, the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Unsecured Series Property for the benefit of the 
Certificateholders prove insufficient to make payments on the Certificates, in respect of 
which payment is due, no other assets will be available for payment of the deficiency, 
and, following distribution of the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation, any 
outstanding claim against the Issuer in relation to the Certificates shall be extinguished 
and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. No person other than the 
Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the Certificates. 
Further, only the Note Trustee may pursue remedies available under the Trust Deed 
as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the creditors under the Trust Deed and the 
Conditions and in the case of Secured Certificates, only the Security Trustee may 
enforce the Security, and none of the Certificateholders, any creditor or any Series 
Transaction Party shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Note Trustee or the Security Trustee, as applicable, having become bound to proceed 
in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable 
period and such failure is continuing. 
The Unsecured Series Property of an Unsecured Series will not be ring fenced 
against the claims of other creditors by virtue of having the benefit of any security. 
There can be no guarantee that unspecified third parties will not make any claims 
against any Unsecured Series Property and that any Unsecured Series Property will 
be available to meet the claims of the Unsecured Certificateholders of the 
Unsecured Series at any time. 
In addition, there can be no guarantee that there will not be any creditors of the 
Issuer that have not agreed to limited recourse and non-petition or that such 
creditors would not be successful in making and enforcing claims against the Issuer.

--- Page 29 ---
95411252 
29 
 
Any such claim could result in the Unsecured Series Property not being sufficient to 
meet the claims of the Unsecured Certificateholders. 
(c) 
Non-petition 
The Certificateholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, or 
any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets in order to recover any payments they may be due, and 
none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property 
attributable to any other certificates issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
certificates which form a single series with the Certificates). This would not be the 
case if the Certificates were not subject to non-petition provisions.  
(d) 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
On issuance the Certificates will be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined 
in the Principal Trust Deed). The Global Certificate will be deposited with a common 
depositary for, and registered in the name of the common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the limited circumstances described in the 
Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive registered 
certificates. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Certificate. 
While the Certificates are represented by the Global Certificate, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Certificates 
by making payments to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Certificate must rely on the procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the Certificates. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Certificate. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Certificates so represented. Instead, such holders will 
be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants to appoint appropriate 
proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate will not have 
a direct right under such Global Certificate to take enforcement action against the 
Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Certificates but will have to rely 
upon their rights under the Trust Deed. 
(e) 
Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and waivers and substitution  
The Trust Deed and Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally and to obtain 
written resolutions on matters relating to the Certificates from Certificateholders 
without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the 
Certificateholders of not  less than 75 per cent in principal amount of the Certificates 
for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Certificateholders duly 
convened and held. 
A written resolution described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Certificateholders, including regarding a modification of the

--- Page 30 ---
95411252 
30 
 
details of the Security (if applicable) and the Series Assets, certain terms concerning 
the amount, currency and postponement of the due dates for payment of the 
Certificates, the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Certificateholders and the provisions concerning the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution (each, a "Basic Terms Modification"), that would 
otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Certificateholders satisfying a 
special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Principal Trust Deed. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Certificateholders including 
Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect 
of the relevant resolution (or participate in the written resolution, as the case may 
be) and Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority (either in a 
meeting or by written resolution). Consequently, the rights of a holder of less than 25 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates then outstanding, or a 
Certificateholder who does not attend and vote at a meeting or participate in respect 
of a resolution irrespective of its holding, may be varied in a manner that is adverse 
to its wishes and/or interests. Such variation of the terms of the Certificates will be 
binding on that Certificateholder notwithstanding that it did not agree with the 
proposal.  
The Trust Deed and Conditions also provide that the Note Trustee may, without the 
consent of any of the Certificateholders, agree to and, in the case of Secured 
Certificates, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to (i) any modification of any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Relevant Agreements which is in the opinion 
of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or any of the Relevant Agreements which, in any such 
case, is in the opinion of the Note Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interest of 
all of the Certificateholders or (iii) the substitution of another entity as the principal 
debtor under any Certificates in place of the Issuer. 
Secured Certificateholders and Unsecured Certificateholders shall have no right of 
action against the Note Trustee if the Note Trustee agrees to any such modifications 
to the Relevant Agreements that affect either the Secured Certificateholders or the 
Unsecured Certificateholders. Depending on their nature, such modifications may 
have an adverse impact on the Certificates.  
(f) 
Note Trustee and Security Trustee indemnity  
In certain circumstances, the Certificateholders of a Series may be dependent on 
the Note Trustee or (solely in the case of Secured Certificates) the Security Trustee 
to take certain actions in respect of a Series of Certificates, in particular if the 
Security (if applicable) in respect of such Series becomes enforceable under the 
Conditions. Prior to taking such action, the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee 
(if applicable) is entitled to require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. If the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee is not 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction it may not be bound 
to take such action and such inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its 
obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the Certificateholders may have to 
either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or prefunding or accept the 
consequences of such inaction by the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee, which 
may be an additional cost to the Certificateholders. Such inaction by the Note 
Trustee or the Security Trustee will not entitle Certificateholders to take action 
directly against the Issuer to pursue remedies for any breach by the Issuer of the 
Trust Deed or the Certificates.

--- Page 31 ---
95411252 
31 
 
(g) 
Priority of Claims  
During the term of the Certificates and in the case of Secured Certificates on an 
enforcement of the Security, the rights of the Certificateholders to be paid amounts 
due under the Certificates will be subordinated to (i) payment or satisfaction of, or 
provision for, the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note 
Trustee, and in the case of Secured Certificates only, the Security Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts under the Trust Deed in relation to the 
Certificates and in carrying out their functions under the Trust Deed (including any 
taxes required to be paid, (solely in the case of Secured Certificates) the cost of 
realising any Security, and the Note Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s 
remuneration) to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and 
(ii) payment of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the 
Agents in carrying out their functions under the Agency Agreement to the extent not 
paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and (iii) any other claims as specified in 
the Conditions as may be amended by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series 
that rank in priority to the Certificates. Payment of such amounts will reduce the 
amounts that are available to the Issuer to make payments to Certificateholders and 
may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to pay amounts due under the 
Certificates in full.  
(h) 
No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed (including, 
without limitation, through any law or regulation implementing a system of financial 
transaction tax in any jurisdiction, including the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, relating to any tax payable in respect of the transfer of, or issue or 
modification or redemption of, any financial instruments; or under (i) FATCA, (ii) U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code section 871(m), or (iii) U.S. Internal Revenue Code section 
3406 ("backup" withholding)) on payments on the Certificates, the Certificateholders 
will not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such 
withholding tax nor be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall.

--- Page 32 ---
95411252 
32 
 
(i) 
Information reporting obligations 
Information relating to the Certificates, their holders and beneficial owners may be 
required to be provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic 
or international reporting and transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in 
relation to FATCA). This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the 
value of the Certificates, amounts paid or credited with respect to the Certificates, 
details of the holders or beneficial owners of the Certificates and information and 
documents in connection with transactions relating to the Certificates. In certain 
circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided to tax 
authorities in other countries. Some jurisdictions operate a withholding system in place 
of, or in addition to, such provision of information requirements.  
Neither a Certificateholder nor a beneficial owner of Certificates will be entitled to any 
additional amounts if any withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
information reporting regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the 
Certificates. As a result, Certificateholders may receive less than expected as they will 
not be reimbursed for any such shortfall. Each Certificateholder should consult its own 
tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and the other information 
reporting regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other information reporting regimes 
might affect such Certificateholder in light of its particular circumstances. 
(j) 
Determinations of Swap termination payments 
Upon early termination of the Swap (if any), an early termination payment based on 
the losses or costs or, as the case may be, gains of the determining party in entering 
into a replacement transaction or its economic equivalent (or otherwise determined 
in accordance with the terms of such Swap) will be payable by the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty, or (as the case may be) by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
under the Swap. Such payment will generally be determined by the Swap 
Counterparty save where it is in default. If the Swap Counterparty is in default, the 
Issuer may, if provided for under the terms of the Swap, need to appoint a substitute 
calculation agent under the Swap for the purposes of making such determination on 
the Issuer’s behalf. The determination of any such losses or costs or, as the case 
may be, gains will be dependent on a number of factors, including, without limitation, 
(i) the creditworthiness and liquidity of the assets underlying the swap payments, (ii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the time 
remaining to the scheduled termination date of the Swap and (iv) if applicable, the 
value of any collateral received by the Issuer, or collateral posted by the Issuer, 
pursuant to any credit support provided by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty in 
connection with the Swap. The determination of a termination payment and the 
factors which are taken into account in making that determination, may significantly 
impact amounts payable to Certificateholders. 
If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty disputes the 
determination of a termination payment, any payment of redemption proceeds to 
Certificateholders will be delayed until such dispute is resolved. 
(k) 
Market Value of Certificates 
The market value of the Certificates may be affected by a number of factors, including, 
but not limited to (i) the value and volatility of the Collateral or the Underlying Assets, 
as applicable, if any and the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of any 
Collateral or the Underlying Assets, (ii) the value and volatility of any index, securities, 
commodities or property to which payments on the Certificates may be linked, directly 
or indirectly, and the creditworthiness of the issuers or obligors in respect of any 
securities or other obligations to which payments on the Certificates may be linked,

--- Page 33 ---
95411252 
33 
 
directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange 
rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) any outstanding Transaction 
Fees (if payable out of the proceeds of redemption of the Collateral or the Underlying 
Assets). Any price at which Certificates may be sold prior to the Maturity Date may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Certificates were 
acquired on the Issue Date. 
As a result, Certificateholders may suffer a loss and could suffer a significant loss in 
selling the Certificates on the secondary market.  
(l) 
Impact on Valuations and Calculations  
Valuations or calculations in respect of Certificates and certain asset classes of 
instruments comprising the Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, have 
typically been based on quoted market prices or market inputs. However, since 
2007, actively traded markets for a number of such asset classes and obligors have 
either ceased to exist or have reduced significantly. The lack or limited availability of 
such market prices or inputs has significantly impaired the ability to make accurate 
valuations or calculations in respect of the Certificates and such underlying 
instruments. No assurance can be given that similar impairment may not occur in 
the future. 
The valuations of the Certificates are based on valuations of the Shares and the 
valuations of the Shares are based on the valuations of the underlying assets of the 
Company. There is a risk that market participants may no longer provide liquidity 
and price quotes for the underlying assets. In this case, the Shares, and therefore 
the Certificates, can no longer be valued accurately. This may mean that market 
participants quote for the Certificates with high bid offer spreads or stop quoting 
prices for the Certificates. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on 
valuations derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the 
markets and/or that are based on historical data and trends. Such models often rely 
on certain assumptions about the values or behaviour of such unobservable inputs 
or about the behaviour of the markets generally or interpolate future outcomes from 
historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market volatility and 
disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or 
in extreme departures from historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical 
data, in certain instances such data may only be available for relatively short time 
periods (for example, data with respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such 
data may not be as statistically representative as data for longer periods. 
If the underlying assets of the Company are valued on the basis of mark to model, 
the valuation of the Shares is subject to a number of assumptions (such as future 
revenues, discount rates and inflation assumptions). The assumptions may 
significantly change over time which can reduce the value of the Shares and 
therefore the value of the Certificates. In addition, market participants may value the 
Shares and the Certificates on the basis of different assumptions which means that 
the prices offered for the Shares and/or the Certificates may vary significantly from 
market participant to market participant.  Investors in the Certificates may realise a 
lower value for the Certificates due to changes of the mark to model assumptions or 
variations of assumptions amongst market participants. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or 
calculation relating to the Certificates (including any instrument comprising the 
Collateral or Underlying Assets relating to the Certificates) that is determined by

--- Page 34 ---
95411252 
34 
 
reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the 
model which may prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different 
outcomes to those predicted by the model. 
(m) Resolution of financial institutions 
i. Potential impact on the Certificates 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the 
"FSB") produced a document setting out key attributes of effective resolution 
regimes for financial institutions. Resolution is the process by which the 
authorities can intervene to manage the failure of a firm in an orderly fashion. 
The FSB’s proposals have been implemented in the laws of, among others, the 
European Union and the United States.  
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any 
regime may adversely affect the Certificateholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is 
unlikely to be within scope of any implementing legislation, if the obligor in 
respect of any Series Asset or the Swap Counterparty is within the scope of 
any implementing legislation: 
(i) 
any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in respect of the 
Series Asset or the Swap (as the case may be) to convert any claim 
of the Issuer as against such person; 
(ii) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from 
exercising any termination rights under the Swap; or 
(iii) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a 
termination of the Swap and to value the transactions in respect of 
such agreements (which value may be different to the value that 
would have been determined by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty 
(as the case may be)). 
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border 
financial institutions is complex and the resolution of any Company or the Swap 
Counterparty is likely to adversely affect the Certificates in multiple and 
unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution 
authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its 
obligations under the Certificates or any transaction documents for that Series, 
the Certificates may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of 
redemption proceeds to Certificateholders may be delayed.  
ii. Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(the "Board of Governors") adopted a final rule (the "Final Rule") imposing 
restrictions on the ability of a party to call a default under, or to restrict transfers 
of, certain qualified financial contracts ("QFCs") entered into by any top-tier 
bank holding company identified by the Board of Governors as a global 
systemically important banking organisation (each a "GSIB"), the subsidiaries 
of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. operations of any foreign 
GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, 
"Covered Entities"). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have adopted parallel rules which are 
substantively the same as the Final Rule. A QFC includes, among other things, 
over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase agreements, contracts for the

--- Page 35 ---
95411252 
35 
 
purchase or sale of securities and any credit enhancement in respect of the 
foregoing contracts (including a guarantee as well as a charge, pledge, 
mortgage or other similar credit support arrangement). In respect of each 
Series, the Swap Counterparty or the Dealer may be Covered Entities to which 
the Final Rule applies and the terms applicable to the Swap, the Dealer 
Agreement and the Trust Deed (as non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely 
to constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the "U.S. Special 
Resolution Regimes") provide for such restrictions on default rights and 
transfers, if the relevant contract is not governed by the laws of the United 
States or a state of the United States, a court outside the United States may 
decline to enforce such provisions even if a Covered Entity is in a proceeding 
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime. To address this, the Final Rule 
requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters into (a "Covered 
QFC") includes provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered 
Entity to the same extent as provided under the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) restrict the exercise of any cross-default rights against such 
Covered Entity based on any affiliate’s entry into bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings. In respect of each Series, each transaction document which 
constitutes a Covered QFC will include provisions which reflect these 
requirements and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay in being able to 
enforce its rights against such a transaction party or be restricted from 
terminating such a transaction document. Such delays could have a negative 
impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments due under the Certificates.  
(n) 
Limited liquidity of the Certificates 
Although application may be made to admit the Certificates to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin (or the official list of another stock exchange) and admit them to 
trading on the Regulated Market (or on the regulated market of any other stock 
exchange), there is currently no secondary market for the Certificates. There can be no 
assurance that a secondary market for any of the Certificates will develop, or, if a 
secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the Certificates with 
liquidity or that it will continue for the life of the Certificates. 
Investors should note that the market for the Certificates will be affected by, among 
other things, supply and demand for the Certificates, and that, accordingly, it should 
not be assumed that there will be a significant correlation between the market value of 
the Certificates and the market value of the Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as 
applicable. Prospective investors should be aware that the market value of the 
Certificates may also be affected by events in the capital and credit markets which may 
have an effect on the market value of the Collateral or Underlying Assets, the Issuer 
and/or similar structured securities generally. 
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Certificates 
may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for investment and non-
investment grade securities. If such a trading market were to develop, the 
Certificates could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering 
price depending on many factors including prevailing interest rates and the market 
for similar securities. 
Consequently, any investor in the Certificates must be prepared to hold such 
Certificates for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Certificates. 
Under normal market conditions, subject to applicable law and the Dealer’s policies, 
the Dealer will use reasonable efforts to make a market for the Certificates and

--- Page 36 ---
95411252 
36 
 
quote bid and offer prices. However, the Dealer is under no obligation to continue to 
do so and may stop making a market at any time. 
3 
Risks relating to the assets 
(a) 
Risks relating to Companies and Shares 
The Certificate Redemption Amount of the Certificates is dependent upon the 
redemption or sale proceeds that would be received in respect of the Shares of a 
Company.  Accordingly, an investment in the Certificates may bear similar market 
risks to a direct investment in the Shares and investors should take advice 
accordingly. An investment in the Certificates will entail significant risks not 
associated with a conventional debt security.  
Despite the fact that, in relation to a Company, a net asset value may be published, 
potential investors should be aware that payments on the Certificates will be 
determined by reference to Realised Share NAV.  Any such amounts may be 
significantly different from amounts calculated by reference to the net asset value of 
the particular Company.  In addition, in relation to payments due on Certificates 
which are determined by reference to amounts that would be received by an 
investor, where such investor would receive payments after their scheduled payment 
date, corresponding delays may also be made to equivalent payments on the 
Certificates. 
A large number of subscription or repurchase orders with the Company by investors 
can lead to either an accelerated sale or temporary dilution of assets and higher 
fees for the remaining investors or "gating" where such orders are only satisfied in 
part, with others being delayed.  In addition, there may not be a liquid market in the 
Shares of a Company and consequently there may be a considerable time delay 
before any relevant Share may be realised. 
Investment by the Issuer in a particular Company involves risks that can be 
applicable to any Company in which the Issuer invests the net proceeds of the 
Certificates of a particular Series.   
If the risks materialise for the Company (or its related agents) related to a particular 
Series of Certificates, only the Certificates of such Series would be affected. 
However, the risks could materialise for the entities associated with more than one 
Series of Certificates, especially if such entities act for more than one Company. 
Such factors may consequently have an adverse impact on the Certificate 
Redemption Amount received in respect of any Series of Certificates and include the 
following: 
 
the short-term performance of a Company’s investments may fluctuate 
significantly even though the manager or adviser for such Company is 
seeking to achieve significant gains over the longer term and therefore 
investment in the Company may not be suitable for short-term investment; 
 
Shares in a Company may only be transferable with the consent of the 
manager of such Company. Consequently, the Issuer may only be able to 
dispose of the Shares by means of withdrawal on a Business Day (with a 
certain number of Business Days’ prior notice) (and, in certain 
circumstances, the right of withdrawal may be limited or suspended) which 
could mean there is no secondary market for the Shares of a Company;  
 
the Issuer, as a shareholder of a Company, could lose all or a substantial 
portion of its investment in that Company;

--- Page 37 ---
95411252 
37 
 
 
the Companies are not expected to be registered with, or regulated by, any 
securities or governmental authority.  Accordingly, the benefits of any further 
or additional registrations and regulations, are not, and would not be 
applicable to the Company or available to its members including the Issuer;  
 
a Company may be subject to several conflicts of interest that may be 
detrimental to the performance of the Company. For example, (i) an adviser 
to a Company might not be required to devote its full time to the Company; 
(ii) an adviser to a Company may have a conflict of interest when allocating 
investment opportunities between the Company and its other clients; (iii) an 
adviser to a Company may trade in the types of assets invested in by the 
Company for its own respective accounts; or (iv) other agents and service 
providers to a Company may engage in businesses that are competitive to 
that of the Company; 
 
in managing and directing the day-to-day activities and affairs of a Company, 
a manager for such Company relies heavily on its directors and may be 
leanly staffed.  If any of such manager’s key persons were to leave or be 
unable to carry out his or her present responsibilities, it may have an 
adverse effect on the management of the Company;  
 
a Company may have been recently formed or will be formed in the future 
and therefore will have limited or no trading activities as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  Consequently, there will be limited operating history upon 
which the Issuer (and therefore also investors in the Certificates) can 
evaluate past performance.  There can be no assurance the adviser to a 
Company will achieve the investment objective of the Company and that 
profits will be achieved or that substantial losses will not be incurred;  
 
the Company may be a fund, which regularly charges fees (such as 
management fees) that lower the redemption proceeds used to determine 
the redemption, cancellation and/or interim amounts under the Certificates.  
In addition, other fees and expenses can be incurred that are charged by 
third persons employed by such Company’s fund manager to provide 
services connected to such Company (such as custodian bank fees, fees for 
investment advice and auditing); 
 
there may also be fees incurred at the level of the assets held by a Company 
that lower the value of these assets, and thereby also indirectly lower the net 
asset value of the Company itself.  Such fees occur especially if the 
Company for its part invests in a funds (or a fund of funds) or other 
investment vehicles or instruments entailing fees;  
 
Companies might invest in shares, corporate bonds, government bonds or 
other assets in jurisdictions, including emerging markets, that might have 
legal and regulatory frameworks that are not as well developed as developed 
countries. Investing in emerging markets has its own risks, including, but not 
limited to less liquid and less efficient securities markets; greater price 
volatility; exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls; less publicly 
available information about issuers; the imposition of restrictions on the 
repatriation of funds or other assets out of the country; higher transaction 
and custody costs and higher settlement risks; difficulties in enforcing 
contractual obligations; lesser levels of regulation of the securities markets; 
different accounting, disclosure and reporting requirements; more substantial 
government involvement in the economy; higher rates of inflation; social, 
political and economic instability; and risk of nationalisation or expropriation 
of assets and risk of war or terrorism;  
 
Companies might invest in debt instruments and unlisted securities that 
provide such Companies with direct or indirect exposure to entities which 
use debt financing or trade on margin (i.e. borrowing against the assets

--- Page 38 ---
95411252 
38 
 
purchased) to obtain an optimum return on their equity capital.  The use of 
such techniques may therefore increase the volatility of the price of such 
debt instruments and unlisted securities and as a result may impact the 
returns of such Companies; and 
 
the Company might base trading decisions on mathematical analyses of 
technical factors relating to past market performance rather than 
fundamental analysis. The buy and sell signals generated by a technical, 
trend-following trading strategy are derived from a study of actual intraday 
and daily price fluctuations, volume variations and changes in open interest 
in the markets. The profitability of any technical, trend-following trading 
strategy depends upon the occurrence in the future of significant, sustained 
price moves in some of the markets traded. A danger for trend-following 
trading strategies is whip-saw markets, that is, markets in which a potential 
price trend may start to develop but reverses before an actual trend is 
realised. A pattern of false starts may generate repeated entry and exit 
signals in technical systems, resulting in unprofitable transactions. 
(b) 
Collateral 
The Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, relating to any Certificates will 
be subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In the event of an insolvency of an 
issuer or obligor in respect of any Collateral or Underlying Assets or the Swap 
Counterparty, various insolvency and related laws applicable to such issuer or obligor 
or the Swap Counterparty may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount the Issuer, the 
Note Trustee or the Security Trustee (if applicable) may recover in respect such 
Collateral or Underlying Assets. 
If Certificates redeem other than on their Maturity Date, the Collateral or the Underlying 
Assets, as applicable, relating thereto will be sold or otherwise liquidated (except 
where otherwise transferred in accordance with the Conditions). No assurance can be 
given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or liquidation of such Collateral or 
Underlying Assets at that time since the market value of such Collateral or Underlying 
Assets will be affected by a number of factors including but not limited to (i) the 
creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of the Collateral or Underlying Assets and 
the Swap Counterparty, (ii) market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign 
exchange rates, (iii) the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of the Collateral or 
Underlying Assets and (iv) the liquidity of the Collateral or Underlying Assets. 
Accordingly, the price at which such Collateral or Underlying Assets is sold or 
liquidated may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of the 
Collateral or Underlying Assets on the issue date and the proceeds of any such sale or 
liquidation and any other assets available to the Issuer that relate to the relevant 
Series of Certificates may not be sufficient, following deduction of amounts to be paid 
to prior ranking claimants in accordance with the Conditions, to repay the full amount 
of principal of and interest on the relevant Certificates that the holders of such 
Certificates would expect to receive in the event that the Certificates were redeemed in 
accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
(c) 
No claim against any obligor of the Underlying Assets 
The Certificates will not represent a claim against the obligor of the Underlying Assets 
and, in the event of any loss, a Certificateholder will not have recourse under the 
Certificates to the obligor of the Underlying Assets.

--- Page 39 ---
95411252 
39 
 
4 
Risks relating to the Series Transaction Parties 
(a) 
The Custodian 
i. Custodian risk 
If a Series of Certificates has a Custodian specified in the Final Terms then 
collateral in the form of cash or securities may be held in an account of the 
Custodian or a sub-custodian in the name of the Issuer (provided that, in 
limited circumstances, the Custodian may register or record securities in a 
name other than the Issuer). 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by 
the Custodian for the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by 
the Custodian as banker and not as trustee. Accordingly such cash will not be 
held as client money and will represent only an unsecured claim against the 
Custodian's assets. 
If the Custodian, whilst holding collateral in respect of the Certificates, is 
declared insolvent, the Certificateholders may not receive all (or any part) of 
any amounts due to them in respect of the Certificates. The Issuer will still be 
liable to Certificateholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof). 
Consequently, 
the 
Certificateholders 
are 
relying 
not 
only 
on 
the 
creditworthiness of the Series Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian. 
ii. Sub-custodians, depositaries and clearing systems  
(A) Credit risk 
Under the Custody Agreement, the Issuer may authorise the Custodian to hold 
the Series Assets in the Custodian's account or accounts with any other sub-
custodian, any securities depositary or at such other account keeper or 
clearing system as the Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of 
instruments which comprise the Collateral. 
Where the Collateral is held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or 
clearing system, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to 
the relevant Series of Certificates will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer 
of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for such Series 
of Certificates (if the Series Assets are so held) and, in turn, the Custodian will 
be dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such sub-
custodian, securities depositary or clearing system. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Series 
Assets and the Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under 
the Custody Agreement for such Series of Certificates, but also on the 
creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-custodian, securities depositary or 
clearing system holding the Series Assets subject to any relevant provisions or 
arrangements intended to provide that custody assets held by sub-custodians 
would not be available to its creditors on any insolvency of the sub-custodian. 
In particular, the Custodian is authorised to hold Collateral in the form of 
securities with sub-custodians in omnibus accounts. Where securities are held 
in an omnibus account, this may result in such securities not being as well 
protected as if the securities were held in a segregated account. If there are 
insufficient securities to meet the claims of all persons holding securities in that

--- Page 40 ---
95411252 
40 
 
account, the Issuer may not recover some or all of its securities, which would 
adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to 
the Certificates. 
(B) Lien/Right of set-off 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries 
or clearing systems may have liens or rights of set-off with respect to the 
Series Assets held with them in relation to any of their fees and/or expenses. If, 
for whatever reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the 
relevant sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise 
such lien or right of set-off, which may result in the Issuer failing to receive any 
payments due to it in respect of the Series Assets, and thereby adversely 
affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the 
Certificates. 
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the 
Certificates will not only be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments 
from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for the relevant Series of 
Certificates (if the Series Assets are so held) but will also be dependent on any 
sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system not exercising any lien or 
right of set-off in respect of any Series Assets that it holds. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Series 
Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Custodian in paying when due 
any fees or expenses of such sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing 
system. 
(b) 
The Paying Agent 
Any payments made to Certificateholders in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Certificates will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer is to transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as 
may be due under the Certificates, on or before each date on which such payment in 
respect of the Certificates becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Certificateholders in respect of 
the Certificates, is declared insolvent, the Certificateholders may not receive all (or any 
part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Certificates from the Paying Agent. 
The Issuer will still be liable to Certificateholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but 
the Issuer will have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) 
and Certificateholders may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, the Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Collateral or the Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the creditworthiness of 
the Paying Agent in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Agency 
Agreement to make or facilitate payments to Certificateholders.

--- Page 41 ---
95411252 
41 
 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretionary authority to make various 
determinations under the Certificates, any of which may have an adverse effect on the 
market value thereof or amounts payable or other benefits to be received thereunder.  
Following the existence or occurrence of certain events, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that such event or events are material for the purposes of the Certificates, 
an Early Termination Event will occur which will lead to a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurring. 
(d) 
The Cash Account Bank 
If a Series of Certificates has an Account Bank specified in the Final Terms then 
certain amounts of the proceeds of the issuance of the Certificates, amounts from the 
sale of the Shares of the applicable Company relating to such Certificates and other 
amounts may be deposited into such Cash Account, which will be held with the Cash 
Account Bank. 
If the Cash Account Bank, while holding funds for, inter alia, payment to 
Certificateholders in respect of the Certificates, is declared insolvent, the 
Certificateholders may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in 
respect of the Certificates from the Cash Account Bank. The Issuer will still be liable to 
Certificateholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will have 
insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Certificateholders 
may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral or the 
Underlying Assets, if applicable, but also on the creditworthiness of the Cash Account 
Bank in respect of the performance of its obligations under the Cash Account 
Agreement to make or facilitate certain payments to Certificateholders.

--- Page 42 ---
95411252 
42 
 
 
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM  
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard transaction.  Prospective investors should also review the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual 
relationships and solid lines represent cashflows.  
 
Weser Capital Limited
(“Issuer”) 
Security Trustee
Note Trustee
Paying Agent
Transfer Agent
Registrar
Calculation Agent
Certificate Custodian
Certificateholder
Custodian
Certificate 
Redemption Amount 
Subscription Amount
Custody Agreement
Agency Agreement
Principal Trust Deed
Realised Share 
NAV
Issue 
proceeds
Benefit of Issuer Security
(Secured Series only) 
Shares / Swap / MS Certificates

--- Page 43 ---
95411252 
43 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may act in a number of capacities 
in connection with any issue of Certificates. Any Series Transaction Party or any such 
affiliate, as the case may be, when acting in such capacities in connection with the 
transactions described herein in respect of any Series of Certificates shall have only 
the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant 
capacity and shall not, by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any other capacity, be 
deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of 
care other than as expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. Any Series 
Transaction Party and any of its affiliates in its various capacities may enter into 
business dealings relating to the Certificates or the Collateral or Underlying Assets, as 
applicable, or any asset to which the Certificates or Collateral or Underlying Assets are 
exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale of the Certificates, from which they may 
derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, 
without any duty to account therefor. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may from time to time be in 
possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or opinions with 
regard to the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or Underlying Assets which 
information and/or opinions might, if known by a Certificateholder, affect decisions 
made by it with respect to its investment in the Certificates. Notwithstanding this, 
none of the Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall have any duty or 
obligation to notify the Certificateholder or the Issuer or any other Series Transaction 
Parties (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such information 
and/or opinions. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may deal in any obligation of 
the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or Underlying Assets and may accept deposits 
from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking or other business transactions with, the issuer or 
obligor of any Collateral or Underlying Assets and may act with respect to such 
transactions in the same manner as if the Certificates of the relevant Series did not 
exist and without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse effect on 
the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or Underlying Assets, the Issuer or the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may at any time be active and 
significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of 
markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. 
Activities undertaken by any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may be 
on such a scale as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such 
currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities 
and derivatives based on, or relating to the Certificates or any Collateral or 
Underlying Assets. Notwithstanding this, none of the Series Transaction Parties or 
any of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to take into account the 
interests of any party in relation to any Certificates when effecting transactions in 
such markets. 
One or more of the Series Transaction Parties and their affiliates may:  
(a) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring 
agent or adviser in connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a 
broker or dealer with respect to the Collateral or Underlying Assets;

--- Page 44 ---
95411252 
44 
 
(b) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain 
of the Collateral or Underlying Assets or other classes of securities issued by 
an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Collateral or Underlying Assets or 
an affiliate thereof; 
(c) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the 
Collateral or Underlying Assets under a swap or other derivative agreements; 
(d) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or 
Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates or receive guarantees from 
such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(e) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, 
financing or financial advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with 
respect to, the Collateral or Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates; or 
(f) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain 
issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Collateral or Underlying Assets or 
their respective affiliates. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Certificates may acquire, 
confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to any Collateral or 
Underlying Assets, as applicable, and they shall not be under any duty to disclose 
such confidential information to any Certificateholder or the Issuer. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to 
the Collateral or Underlying Assets, the Series Transaction Parties are entitled to 
fees and expenses (if not otherwise paid) senior in priority to payments on such 
Collateral or Underlying Assets. When acting as a trustee for other classes of 
securities issued by the issuer or obligor of any Collateral or Underlying Assets or an 
affiliate thereof, a Series Transaction Party may owe fiduciary duties to the holders 
of such other classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing 
interests from the holders of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral is 
a part, and may take actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where 
applicable, the Issuer) of the class of securities of which the relevant Collateral or 
Underlying Assets are a part. As a counterparty under swaps and other derivative 
agreements, a Series Transaction Party may take actions adverse to the interests of 
the Issuer, including, but not limited to, demanding collateralisation of its exposure 
under such agreements (if provided for thereunder) or terminating such swaps or 
agreements in accordance with the terms thereof. In making and administering loans 
and other obligations, a Series Transaction Party may take actions including, but not 
limited to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or exercising other remedies with 
respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral or other credit enhancement, 
charging significant fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or obligors with respect 
to, any Collateral or Underlying Assets in bankruptcy and/or demanding payment on 
a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer’s acquisition, 
holding and sale of the Collateral or Underlying Assets may enhance the profitability 
or value of investments made by a Series Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or 
obligors in respect thereof. As a result of all such transactions or arrangements 
between a Series Transaction Party and the issuers of, and obligors with respect to, 
the Collateral or Underlying Assets or their respective affiliates, a Series Transaction 
Party may have interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the 
Certificateholders.

--- Page 45 ---
95411252 
45 
 
The Note Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions in respect of a Series, the Note Trustee 
shall have regard to the interests of the Certificateholders of that Series as a class and 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Certificateholders and the Note Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Certificateholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Certificateholders. In acting as Note Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Note Trustee 
shall not, in respect of Certificates of any Series, assume any duty or responsibility to 
the Paying Agent or any other secured creditor or any other Series Transaction Party 
(other than to pay any such party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed) and shall have regard solely to 
the interests of the Certificateholders and shall not be obliged to act on any directions 
of any secured creditor or Series Transaction Party if this would in the Note Trustee’s 
opinion be contrary to the interests of the Certificateholders (other than if such actions 
are in accordance with the Relevant Agreements).

--- Page 46 ---
95411252 
46 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the circumstances 
required by, and in compliance with, the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing 
measures in Ireland.  A supplement to this Base Prospectus prepared in the circumstances 
specified above shall be a "Supplement".

--- Page 47 ---
95411252 
47 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion and minor 
amendment, will be applicable to the Certificates of a Series in definitive and global form 
and the Custodian Certificates. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the final terms for such Series (the "Final Terms") or (ii) 
these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and 
subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on 
the Definitive Certificates and Global Certificates (as applicable) relating to the Certificates. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meaning given to 
them in the Principal Trust Deed, and/or relevant Final Terms and will be endorsed on the 
Definitive Certificates and Global Certificates (as applicable). References to "Certificates" 
are to Certificates of one series of Certificates (each, a "Series") only, not to all Certificates 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Certificates, in the case of unsecured Certificates ("Unsecured Certificates"), are 
constituted by and, in the case of secured Certificates ("Secured Certificates"), are 
constituted and secured by a supplemental trust deed (the "Supplemental Trust Deed") 
dated the date of issue of the Certificates (the "Issue Date") between, inter alia, Weser 
Capital Limited (the "Issuer") and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited as note 
trustee for the Certificateholders (the "Note Trustee", which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the note trustee or note trustees under the Principal Trust Deed 
(as defined below)) and, solely in the case of Secured Certificates, as security trustee for 
the Secured Certificateholders (the "Security Trustee", which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the security trustee or security trustees under the Principal Trust 
Deed). The Supplemental Trust Deed is supplemental to a trust deed (the "Principal Trust 
Deed", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 
29 June 2012 as amended, supplemented and/or amended and restated from time to time 
between the Issuer, the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee (together with the 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the "Trust Deed"). 
The Secured Certificates (other than the Secured Series Custodian Certificates), are 
secured on certain assets of the Issuer, as described in Condition 4(b), pursuant to the 
Trust Deed. 
Payments under the Certificates will be made pursuant to an agency agreement dated 
29 June 2012 as amended and restated from time to time made between the Issuer, the 
Note Trustee, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, in its capacity as calculation agent 
(the "Calculation Agent"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc as certificate custodian 
(the "Certificate Custodian"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, having its 
registered office at One Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, in its capacity as paying agent 
(the "Paying Agent") and as transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") and The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as the registrar (the "Registrar") or their 
successors from time to time (the "Agency Agreement"). 
Statements in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") are subject to the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and any other Relevant Agreement 
entered into in connection with the Certificates, copies of which are available for inspection 
at the offices of the Paying Agent.  The Trust Deed includes the forms of the Certificates. 
Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of (i) all the provisions contained in the Trust Deed (save, in the case of the 
Unsecured Certificateholders, certain provisions of the Trust Deed will not apply including, 
inter alia, provisions relating to the Security and the Security Trustee), (ii) those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement and (iii) those provisions applicable to them in 
any other Relevant Agreement entered into in connection with the Certificates.

--- Page 48 ---
95411252 
48 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Adjusted Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, save that if the Issuer has not received 
by the Scheduled Maturity Date (a) the full cash proceeds of redemption of the 
Shares and/or the proceeds of realisation of the MS Certificates and/or payments 
under the applicable Swap, (b) in the context of a redemption of the Shares, the MS 
Certificates or the Swap, as applicable, due to be effected in kind, the cash 
proceeds of disposal or redemption of the assets underlying the Shares or (c) any 
other form of liquidation of the Shares, the MS Certificates or the Swap, as 
applicable, the Adjusted Maturity Date shall be the twentieth Business Day following 
such receipt; 
"Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Certificate Custodian and, if specified in the Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Cash Account Bank and/or the Custodian; 
"Alternative Programme Agreements" means those agreements documenting 
and/or approving other programmes entered into by the Issuer to issue secured and 
or unsecured certificates or notes that are separate from the Programme, provided 
that such other programmes that the Issuer enters into have substantially the same 
provisions in respect of security, if applicable, and limited recourse provisions as the 
Programme; 
"AuM" means 
(a) 
the Share NAV; multiplied by 
(b) 
the number of Shares held by the Issuer on the day as of which such Share 
NAV is calculated; 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London, Dublin and Jersey, Channel Islands and: 
(a) 
if the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euros, in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency; or 
(b) 
if the Specified Currency is Euros, a day on which TARGET is open. 
"Cash Account" means, if specified in the Final Terms for a Series as applicable, 
the account for such Series held at the Cash Account Bank used for the purpose of 
holding residual cash arising from settlement procedures, dealing suspensions, 
deferrals or other such amounts as may be paid by the Company to the Issuer; 
"Cash Account Agreement" means, if specified in the Final Terms for a Series as 
applicable, the Account Bank Agreement for such Series between the Issuer and 
the Cash Account Bank entered into on the date specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of the Cash Account; 
"Cash Account Bank" means, if applicable, The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch; 
"Certificate" means a certificate issued in registered form for a Series pursuant to 
the Trust Deed;

--- Page 49 ---
95411252 
49 
 
"Certificate Buy-back Amount" means, for each Certificate being repurchased by 
the Issuer, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, 
equal to the Net Realised Share NAV for each Share realised to effect the 
repurchase of such Certificates; 
"Certificate Price" means, on any date on which such price is to be determined, an 
amount per Certificate equal to the Share NAV of the Shares held by the Issuer in 
respect of such Certificates and/or the Shares referenced by the MS Certificates 
and/or the Swap as the case may be; 
"Certificate Redemption Amount" means, for each Certificate being redeemed, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, equal to the Net 
Realised Share NAV for each Share realised and/or MS Certificates realised 
referencing such Shares and/or payments under the applicable Swap or Swaps 
referencing such Shares, if applicable, to effect the redemption of such Certificate; 
"Certificateholder" or "holder" means (in relation to a Certificate) the holder of a 
Certificate or Certificates and shall be the person whose name is entered in the 
Register as the holder of a Certificate; 
"Company" means any entity in which the Issuer invests the net proceeds of issue 
of the Certificates (other than the Initial Cash Account Amount) or of resale of the 
Custodian Certificates or in respect of which MS Certificates are subscribed or a 
Swap is entered into, the details of which are specified in the Final Terms for each 
Series; 
"Company Administrator" means, in relation to each particular Series, the person 
specified in respect of a particular Company to act as that Company’s administrator; 
"Company Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or 
other day when banks and/or securities exchanges in the City of New York, New 
York, or the state or country of incorporation of the particular Company, are 
authorised or obligated by law to close); 
"Company Commodity Broker" means, in relation to each particular Series, the 
person specified in respect of a particular Company to act as that Company’s 
commodity broker; 
"Company Document" means any prospectus (howsoever described) or 
supplement thereto of the Company or the constitutional documents of the 
Company or such other documentation issued by or entered into by the Company 
which is material to the Certificates in the determination of the Calculation Agent; 
"Company Investment Subscription Date" means in relation to a request for sale 
of further Certificates to the Dealer, the second Company Business Day following 
the date on which such request has been received by the Issuer; 
"Company Manager" means, in relation to each particular Series, the person 
specified in respect of a particular Company to act as that Company’s manager; 
"Company Trading Adviser" means, in relation to each particular Series, the 
person specified in respect of a particular Company to act as that Company’s 
trading adviser; 
"Corporate Administrator" means Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited, a 
company incorporated in Jersey with registered number 71285 and having its 
registered office at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD;

--- Page 50 ---
95411252 
50 
 
"Custodian" means, if applicable, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch; 
"Custodian Certificates" means such of the Certificates repurchased from time to 
time by the Issuer and held on its behalf by the Certificate Custodian; 
"Custody Agreement" means, if applicable, the custody agreement for a Series 
pursuant to which a Custodian is appointed as described in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Dealer" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; 
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement dated 29 June 2012, as 
amended, supplemented and/or amended and restated from time to time and made 
between the Issuer and the Dealer; 
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018;  
"Expenses Agreement" means the agreement dated 29 June 2012, as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time between the Issuer and the Dealer; 
"FATCA" means collectively, sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provisions or any current or 
future U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, published administrative guidance implementing such Sections or 
Regulations whenever promulgated or published, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation thereof; 
"Final Terms" means the final terms for this Series as annexed to the 
Supplemental Trust Deed; 
"Fixed Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Fixed Maturity Date 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Illegality" means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the 
Issue Date, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after 
the Issue Date, as a result of which it becomes unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Company Manager, the Company Trading Adviser, the Company Commodity 
Broker, the Company Administrator, the Company, the Dealer, the Paying Agent, 
the Certificate Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Swap Counterparty (if 
applicable), the Corporate Administrator, the Note Trustee or the Security Trustee 
(if applicable) to comply with their obligations under the Relevant Agreements; 
"Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax" means the adoption of, or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation implementing, a financial transaction tax 
in any jurisdiction (including the European Union or the United Kingdom) payable in 
respect of the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial 
instruments or otherwise of a kind contemplated in the European Commission 
consultation paper on financial services sector taxation dated 22 February 2011 (or 
any other similar proposal); 
"Initial Cash Account Amount" means the amount, if any and specified in the 
Final Terms, that is deposited into the Cash Account on the Issue Date;  
"Maturity Date" means for each Series either the Fixed Maturity Date or the 
Adjusted Maturity Date, as applicable;

--- Page 51 ---
95411252 
51 
 
"MS Certificates" means certificates issued by Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc and whereby the Issuer obtains exposure to the Shares; 
"Minimum Fee Amount" means for a Series, if applicable, the amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
"Net Realised Share NAV" means:  
(a) 
if "Method A" or "Method B" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in 
the Final Terms, for each Certificate being repurchased by the Issuer or 
redeemed, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
discretion, equal to the Realised Share NAV (under paragraph (a) of that 
definition) minus the Transaction Fees (if any);  
(b) 
if "Method C" or "Method E" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in 
the Final Terms, the Portfolio Value divided by the outstanding Number of 
Certificates at the relevant date for calculation determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; or 
(c) 
if "Method D" is specified in the Final Terms and only in respect of unlisted 
Series, such other method of calculation as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Number of Certificates" means the total number of Certificates (excluding for 
these purposes Custodian Certificates) outstanding on any date on which such 
number is to be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
"Payment Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which 
is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and: 
(a) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euros, a day on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment; or 
(b) 
in the case of Euros, a day on which TARGET is open; 
"Periodic Basis" means for a Series, if applicable, the periodic basis on which 
Transaction Fees are calculated and accrued as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
"Portfolio Value" means the sum of (a) the number of Shares held by the Issuer 
and/or the number of Shares referenced by the relevant MS Certificates and/or the 
Swap at the relevant date for calculation determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion multiplied by the Realised Share NAV (under paragraph (b) of that 
definition) and (b) the value of the Cash Account (if any) less (c) any accrued (but 
not yet paid) Transaction Fees;  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, for a Series, the Principal Financial Centre 
specified in the Final Terms and, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency; 
"Programme" means the US$50,000,000,000 certificate programme of the Issuer 
established on 29 June 2012;

--- Page 52 ---
95411252 
52 
 
"Realised Share NAV" means: 
(a) 
if "Method A" or "Method B" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in 
the Final Terms, on any date, an amount per Share (which for the purposes 
of calculating the Realised Share NAV includes any Shares, any MS 
Certificates or Swap as the case may be) determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole discretion, equal to (a) the liquidated proceeds of the 
Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as the case may be, received by the 
Issuer in respect of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates (as the case may 
be) realised on such date for such purpose and/or payments received by the 
Issuer from the Swap Counterparty under the relevant Swap (if any) in 
respect of the termination in whole or in part of such Swap on the relevant 
date, divided by (b) either (i) in respect of Certificates being repurchased on 
any date under a buy-back, the number of Certificates being repurchased 
on such date or (ii) in respect of the final redemption of all Certificates, the 
number of outstanding Certificates; or 
(b) 
if "Method C" or "Method E" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in 
the Final Terms, on any date, an amount per Share (which for the purposes 
of calculating the Realised Share NAV includes any Shares, any MS 
Certificates or Swap as the case may be) determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole discretion, equal to the liquidated proceeds (net of any 
costs charged by the Company, in particular redemption fees in respect of 
the Shares) of the Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as the case may be, 
received by the Issuer in respect of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates 
(as the case may be) realised on such date for such purpose and/or 
payments received by the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty under the 
relevant Swap (if any) in respect of the termination in whole or in part of 
such Swap on the relevant date; or 
(c) 
if "Method D" is specified in the Final Terms and only in respect of unlisted 
Series, such other method as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Relevant Agreement" means the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer 
Agreement, the Expenses Agreement, the purchase agreement in respect of any 
MS Certificates, the Swap (if applicable), the Custody Agreement (if applicable) and 
the Cash Account Agreement (if applicable); 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of a Certificate, the date on which payment in 
respect thereof first becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of all the Certificates due on or before that date has not been duly received 
by the Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Note Trustee on or before that date) the 
date on which notice that the full amount of such moneys has been received is duly 
given to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17; 
"Requested Fungible Notional" means, in relation to a Company Investment 
Subscription Date, the aggregate value of the Certificates which the Dealer wishes 
to purchase per investor on a Company Investment Subscription Date; 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Secured Certificateholders" means the Certificateholders of Secured Certificates; 
"Secured Series" means a Series of Secured Certificates;

--- Page 53 ---
95411252 
53 
 
"Secured Series Custodian Certificates" means the Custodian Certificates in 
respect of Secured Certificates; 
"Share NAV" means the most recently available published net asset value of the 
Shares determined by or on behalf of the Company; 
"Shares" means, for each particular Series, the shares or interests in a Company 
that have been specified in the Final Terms which will be referenced in a Swap or 
Swaps and/or referenced in any MS Certificates and/or which the Issuer has 
acquired from the net proceeds of sale of the Certificates (other than the Initial Cash 
Account Amount) or of resale of the Custodian Certificates; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Certificates are denominated, which shall be the 
same currency as the Shares, Swaps(s) and/or MS Certificate(s) related to such 
Certificates are denominated in; 
"Subscription Conditions Precedent" means the conditions precedent to the 
issue of the Certificates and purchase of Custodian Certificates on a Company 
Investment Subscription Date as set out in the Dealer Agreement; 
"Swap" means a total return swap entered into with the Swap Counterparty which 
references the Shares of the Company and whereby the Issuer obtains exposure to 
the Shares; 
"Swap Counterparty" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc; 
"TARGET" means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system; 
"Tax Event" means that the Issuer is or would be required by law, or is expected at 
any time, to withhold or account for any tax on any payment to be made by it on or 
in connection with the Certificates or would suffer, or expects to at any time suffer, 
or is expected at any time to suffer, tax in respect of its income or its investments or 
receivables; 
"Transaction Fees" means: 
(a) 
if "Method A" is specified in the Final Terms, none;  
(b) 
if "Method B" is specified in the Final Terms, a percentage per annum (as 
specified in the Final Terms) of the Certificate Price which is calculated and 
accrued on a daily basis. Such Transaction Fees will be deducted by the 
Calculation Agent from the Certificate Buy-back Amount and/or the 
Certificate Redemption Amount, as applicable, upon a voluntary repurchase 
and/or final redemption, as applicable, and be paid to the Dealer as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter; 
(c) 
if "Method C" is specified in the Final Terms, a percentage per annum (as 
specified in the Final Terms, and subject to a minimum of, if applicable, the 
Minimum Fee Amount per annum specified in the Final Terms) of the 
Certificate Price which is calculated and accrued on such Periodic Basis as 
specified in the Final Terms. Such Transaction Fees will be deducted by the 
Calculation Agent from the liquidated proceeds (net of any costs charged by 
the Company, in particular redemption fees in respect of the Shares) of the 
Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as the case may be, received by the 
Issuer in respect of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates (as the case may

--- Page 54 ---
95411252 
54 
 
be) realised upon a voluntary repurchase and/or final redemption, as 
applicable, and be paid to the Dealer as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter; 
(d) 
if "Method D" is specified in the Final Terms and only in respect of unlisted 
Series, such other method as specified in the Final Terms. Such 
Transaction Fees will be deducted by the Calculation Agent from amounts 
received by the Issuer upon a voluntary repurchase and/or final redemption, 
as applicable, and be paid to the Dealer in accordance with the terms 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(e) 
if "Method E" is specified in the Final Terms, a percentage or percentages 
per annum (as specified in the Final Terms) of the AuM which is calculated 
and accrued on such Periodic Basis as specified in the Final Terms. Such 
Transaction Fees will be deducted by the Calculation Agent from the 
liquidated proceeds (net of any costs charged by the Company, in particular 
redemption fees in respect of the Shares) of the Collateral or the Underlying 
Assets, as the case may be, received by the Issuer in respect of the Shares 
and/or the MS Certificates (as the case may be) realised upon a voluntary 
repurchase and/or final redemption, as applicable, and be paid to the Dealer 
as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter;  
"Unsecured Certificateholders" means the Certificateholders of Unsecured 
Certificates; 
"Unsecured Series" means a Series of Unsecured Certificates; and 
"Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates" means the Custodian Certificates in 
respect of Unsecured Certificates. 
2. 
FORM AND TITLE 
The Certificates are issued in Series (each a "Series") in registered form, serially 
numbered, in nominal amounts of US$1.00 each (or its equivalent in other 
currencies rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer). The 
minimum value of Certificates that can be subscribed for by an investor shall be an 
amount in US$ (or the equivalent in other currencies) such that the equivalent 
amount in Euros as at the date of such subscription or transfer shall be €100,000. 
An existing Certificateholder may subsequently subscribe for any number of 
additional certificates. If a new investor were to purchase Certificates on a date 
other than the issue date for such certificates from the Issuer or through the 
secondary market, then such investor will have to subscribe for a sufficient number 
of Certificates so that the purchase price payable therefor will be the US$ 
equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 or 
more. 
The Certificates are not issuable in bearer form. 
The Certificates are represented by registered definitive certificates ("Definitive 
Certificates"), serially numbered, each Definitive Certificate representing a holding 
of one or more Certificates by the same holder. 
Title to the Certificates shall pass by registration in the register (the "Register") that 
the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 55 ---
95411252 
55 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Certificate shall be deemed to be and may be treated by the Issuer, 
the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, and the Paying Agent as the 
absolute owner of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving payment thereon or 
on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Certificate shall 
be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or 
any writing thereon made by anyone. 
The Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate (the "Global 
Certificate"), interests in which will be exchangeable for registered Definitive 
Certificates in the circumstances specified in the Global Certificate. The Global 
Certificate will be deposited with and registered in the name of a nominee for the 
common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common 
Depositary").  Each subscriber will be credited in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with a number of Certificates equal to the number thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES 
(a) 
Transfer of Certificates 
Subject to Condition 3(e), provided that the minimum value of Certificates 
transferred by a Certificateholder is the US$ equivalent (or the equivalent in 
other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 and such Certificateholder does 
not hold Certificates with an aggregate value of less than the US$ 
equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 
following such transfer, Certificates may be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the 
Definitive Certificate or Global Certificate (as applicable) representing such 
Certificate to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Definitive Certificate or Global Certificate (as applicable) (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certificates (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer) duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a 
transfer of part only of a holding of Certificates represented by one Definitive 
Certificate, a new Definitive Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in 
respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. All transfers of Certificates and entries on the Register will be 
made in accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers of 
Certificates scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A 
copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to 
any Certificateholder upon request. 
The Registrar shall as soon as practicable inform the Issuer on any 
amendment made to the Register. 
(b) 
Exercise of a partial repurchase of Certificates 
In the case of the Issuer agreeing to a partial repurchase of a holding of 
Certificates represented by a single Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding 
not repurchased.  New Definitive Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Definitive Certificates to the Registrar or any

--- Page 56 ---
95411252 
56 
 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Certificates to a person who is 
already a holder of Certificates, a new Definitive Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Definitive 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Definitive Certificates 
Each new Definitive Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3(a) or 
(b) shall be available for delivery within five business days of receipt of the 
form of transfer or repurchase request and/or surrender of the Definitive 
Certificate. Delivery of the new Definitive Certificates shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may 
be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, repurchase 
request or Definitive Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the 
holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in 
the relevant form of transfer, repurchase request or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Definitive Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such 
holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant agent the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may 
specify. In this Condition 3(c) "business day" means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar. 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Definitive Certificates on registration, transfer or 
partial repurchase shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or 
other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be registered 
for one or more Certificates (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of that Certificate or (ii) after any such Certificate 
has been called for repurchase or redemption. 
4. 
STATUS, SECURITY AND ASSETS OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
Status 
The Certificates constitute limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and are 
secured or unsecured (as specified in the Final Terms), ranking pari passu, 
without any preference among themselves, (which, in the case of Secured 
Certificates, are secured in the manner described in this Condition 4) and 
recourse in respect of which is limited as described in Condition 13. 
(b) 
Mortgaged Property 
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the Certificates are Secured Certificates 
then, unless otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
obligations of the Issuer to the Note Trustee and the Secured 
Certificateholders under the Trust Deed and the Secured Certificates are 
secured by the following charges and/or assignments (the "Security") 
granted in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed and 
subject to the provisions of this Condition 4:

--- Page 57 ---
95411252 
57 
 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over, and/or assignment of, (A) the assets 
and/or other property of the Issuer specified as such in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed, including without limitation, the Cash 
Account, if applicable (the "Collateral"), (B) all proceeds of, 
income from and sums arising from the Collateral, (C) all rights 
attaching to or relating to the Collateral including without limitation 
any right to delivery of such securities or to an equivalent number 
or nominal value thereof which arises in connection with any such 
assets being held in a clearing system or through a financial 
intermediary and (D) all assets and property hereafter belonging to 
the Issuer and deriving from such assets or the rights attaching 
thereto; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest under the Agency Agreement, to the extent that 
such rights relate to sums held to meet payments due in respect of 
the Certificates, and a first fixed charge over all sums held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Collateral; and 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of first fixed security of the Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest under the Custody Agreement (if applicable) and 
any agreement by which the Issuer purchases the Collateral and/or 
under the Swap. 
The assets described in (i), (ii) and (iii) above are together referred to herein 
as the "Mortgaged Property". 
Cash flows generated by the Mortgaged Property will be utilised by the 
Issuer in making payments due in respect of the Secured Certificates. 
(c) 
Unsecured Series Property 
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the Certificates are Unsecured 
Certificates then, unless otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust 
Deed, the obligations of the Issuer to the Note Trustee and the Unsecured 
Certificateholders and the Unsecured Certificates are not secured and 
instead the Unsecured Certificates will rely for their payment on inter alia 
and, in the case of (iv) below have the benefit of, the contractual rights of 
the Issuer in respect of: 
(i) 
(A) the assets and/or other property of the Issuer specified as such 
in the Supplemental Trust Deed, including without limitation, the 
Cash Account, if applicable (the "Underlying Assets"), (B) all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from the Underlying 
Assets, (C) all rights attaching to or relating to the Underlying Assets 
including without limitation any right to delivery of such securities or 
to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof which arises in 
connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system or 
through a financial intermediary and (D) all assets and property 
hereafter belonging to the Issuer and deriving from such assets or 
the rights attaching thereto; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Agency Agreement, to 
the extent that such rights relate to sums held to meet payments due 
in respect of the Certificates, and all sums held by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in relation to the Underlying Assets;

--- Page 58 ---
95411252 
58 
 
(iii) 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Custody Agreement (if 
applicable) and any agreement by which the Issuer purchases the 
Underlying Assets and/or under the Swap; and  
(iv) 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the terms and conditions 
of other certificates of other series which limit the recourse of the 
certificateholders of such other series. 
The assets described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above are together referred to 
herein as the "Unsecured Series Property". 
Cash flows generated by the Unsecured Series Property will be utilised by 
the Issuer in making payments due in respect of the Certificates though no 
security will be taken over any such Unsecured Series Property. 
(d) 
Balancing Amounts 
Following the sale of Certificates to the Dealer for on sale to 
Certificateholders and the determination by the Calculation Agent of the 
Balancing Amounts (if any), any Balancing Amounts payable to the Dealer 
will be retained by the Issuer. 
 
(e) 
Custodian Certificates 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer will repurchase the number of Certificates 
stated in the Final Terms from the Dealer at their issue price.  The 
Certificates so repurchased by the Issuer will be held by the Certificate 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer on or about the date in which they are 
repurchased.  Custodian Certificates carry no voting rights, do not bear 
interest and no amount of interest or principal is payable thereon and are 
not secured by any property. 
(f) 
Conditions Precedent to sale of Certificates after the Issue Date 
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a Series the Issuer may sell, 
via the Dealer, to existing or new Certificateholders further Certificates in 
such Series on the next Company Investment Subscription Date (by 
transferring Custodian Certificates which upon transfer will become 
Certificates with all the rights that the other Certificates have), subject to the 
following conditions and provided that: 
(1) 
the Company continues to accept new subscription requests for 
the amount of Shares which may be purchased using the proceeds 
of sale of such Custodian Certificates; 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the Issuer is expected on 
the next Company Investment Subscription Date to have a 
sufficient number of Custodian Certificates available for purchase 
to meet each individual Certificateholder’s request; 
(3) 
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have been satisfied; and 
(4) 
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to or greater than the 
US$ equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such 
time, of €100,000 (or such other greater amount as may be agreed 
between the Calculation Agent and the Dealer).

--- Page 59 ---
95411252 
59 
 
On a Business Day on which the Dealer has requested the Sale of 
Custodian Certificates, the Issuer will direct the Certificate Custodian to sell 
to the Dealer for on-sale to the existing or new Certificateholders and the 
Dealer will agree to purchase on the following Company Investment 
Subscription Date such number of Custodian Certificates as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion may determine following publication of the Share 
NAV on the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date, and the 
Dealer will pay to the Certificate Custodian no later than 2pm on the date 
falling two Company Business Days prior to such Company Investment 
Subscription Date an amount equal to the Requested Fungible Notional and 
the Certificate Custodian will remit such amount promptly to the Company 
and/or the MS Certificate Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty, if 
applicable, on behalf of the Issuer. 
The Custodian Certificates being sold will be sold to the Dealer at the 
Certificate Price as of the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date 
and will cease to be Custodian Certificates as of such date. 
The total number of Custodian Certificates sold to the Dealer as of any 
Company Investment Subscription Date will be equal to the number of 
Shares that have been subscribed for by the Issuer on such date and/or, if 
applicable, the number of MS Certificates referencing the Shares and/or the 
number of Shares referenced in the Swap entered into by the Issuer in 
respect of the Shares, as determined by the Company Administrator (such 
number, the "Additional Certificate Number"). 
If the product of the Additional Certificate Number and Certificate Price as of 
the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date is less than an amount 
in US dollars equivalent of the Requested Fungible Notional (such 
difference, a "Balancing Amount"), then any Balancing Amount due to the 
Dealer on behalf of the Certificateholders shall be retained by the Issuer. 
(g) 
Enforcement of the Security 
If the Certificates are Secured Certificates (other than the Secured Series 
Custodian Certificates), the Security will become enforceable upon the Note 
Trustee giving an Enforcement Notice (as defined in Condition 12) to the 
Issuer and the Security Trustee.  If the Security has become enforceable, 
the Security Trustee shall enforce the Security if directed to do so in writing 
by the Note Trustee, as directed in writing by the Certificateholders holding 
one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates (excluding 
any outstanding Custodian Certificates, if any) then outstanding or as 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of 
the holders of the Certificates, subject to the Note Trustee and the Security 
Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to their 
satisfaction.  To the extent that the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee 
act in accordance with the directions of the Certificateholders provided as 
described above, neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall 
have any obligation to take the interests of any other party into account or to 
follow any direction given by any other party and shall have no liability to 
any person for acting on such instructions. 
Upon enforcement of the Security, the Custodian Certificates will be 
cancelled and no payment thereon will be due.

--- Page 60 ---
95411252 
60 
 
(h) 
Application of proceeds 
(i) 
 Enforcement, Mandatory Redemption, Acceleration 
On the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event pursuant to 
Condition 7(b), and on enforcement of the Security (solely in the 
case of Secured Certificates) and/or acceleration of the Certificates 
following the occurrence of an Event of Default, moneys available 
for distribution shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the 
following amounts in the following order of priority: 
(1) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note Trustee and, in 
the case of the Secured Certificates only, the Security 
Trustee or any receiver in preparing and executing the trusts 
in the Trust Deed in relation to the Certificates and in 
carrying out their functions under the Trust Deed (including 
any taxes required to be paid, (solely in the case of Secured 
Certificates) the costs of realising any security, and the Note 
Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration) to the 
extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement; 
(2) 
secondly, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by the Agents in carrying out their 
functions under the Agency Agreement or, if applicable, the 
Cash Account Agreement and/or the Custody Agreement, in 
each case, to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses 
Agreement; 
(3) 
thirdly, to pay any accrued Transaction Fees to the Dealer; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Certificateholders.  If the moneys received are not enough to 
pay such amounts in full, such amounts shall be applied pro 
rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to 
such payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(ii) 
 Early repurchase 
On an early repurchase of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 
7(c), the Issuer will repurchase each certificate at the Certificate 
Buy-Back Amount within two Company Business Days of the 
Purchase Date or such other date set out in Condition 7(c). 
(iii) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds 
If the net proceeds of (i) in the case of Secured Certificates, the 
Security being enforced and liquidated in accordance with the Trust 
Deed or (ii) in the case of Unsecured Certificates, the liquidation of 
the Unsecured Series Property are not sufficient, after payment of 
the claims (if any) ranking in priority to the Certificates, to cover all 
payments due in respect of the Certificates, the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Certificates will be limited to such net 
proceeds and such net proceeds shall be applied in accordance with 
the Trust Deed and no other assets of the Issuer will be available for

--- Page 61 ---
95411252 
61 
 
any further payments in respect of the Certificates. The right to 
receive any further payments in respect of any shortfall remaining 
after enforcement of the Security or liquidation of the Unsecured 
Series Property, as applicable, and application of the proceeds 
thereof in accordance with the Trust Deed shall be extinguished and 
failure to make any payment in respect of any shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 12). 
5. 
COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER 
Save as provided in or contemplated by the Relevant Agreements or the Alternative 
Programme Agreements, or with the prior written consent of the Note Trustee, the 
Issuer shall not, so long as any Certificate remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed): 
(a) 
use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or 
dispose of, or otherwise deal with, any of its property or assets or any 
interest therein or grant any option or right to acquire the same or agree or 
attempt or purport to do any of the same; 
(b) 
lend money; 
(c) 
purchase, own lease or otherwise acquire any real or heritable property 
(including office premises or like facilities); 
(d) 
(1) create or permit to exist upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other encumbrance whether fixed, floating or otherwise, upon the 
whole or any part of its property or assets, present and future other than in 
any case as may arise by operation of law or (2) sign, file or register under 
applicable law any mortgage, debenture or the like which names the Issuer 
as debtor, or sign or enter into any security agreement authorising any 
secured party thereunder to file or register such mortgage, debenture or the 
like, except, in relation to (1) and (2) above in the case of the Secured 
Certificates, any such instrument solely securing the rights and preserving 
the security of the Security Trustee; 
(e) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other 
entity or person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person 
whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any 
other entity or person; 
(f) 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person or convey or transfer 
its properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any person; 
(g) 
have, form or cause to be formed any subsidiary or have any employees or 
premises; 
(h) 
issue any further shares, or issue any warrants or options in respect of 
shares, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares; 
(i) 
issue any certificates in respect of which the recourse of the 
Certificateholders is not limited to Series Property (as defined in the relevant 
final terms);

--- Page 62 ---
95411252 
62 
 
(j) 
declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per 
Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make 
any other distribution to the holders of any of its shares; 
(k) 
open, operate or have an interest in any bank account relating to the 
Certificates, save as may be contemplated by the Relevant Agreements; 
(l) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of any of the Relevant Agreements, or, in 
the case of Secured Certificates, the priority of the security interests created 
thereby, to be amended, terminated or discharged, or consent to any 
variation of, or exercise of any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to the 
terms of, the Trust Deed, these Conditions or any of the other Relevant 
Agreements, or permit any party to any of the Relevant Agreements or, in 
the case of Secured Certificates, any other person whose obligations form 
part of the Security to be released from such obligations, or, in the case of 
Secured Certificates, dispose of any interest in any of the Security; 
(m) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional 
documents; or 
(n) 
engage in any activity that could cause it to become subject to any tax on its 
income in any jurisdiction (other than at a rate of zero per cent.). 
In giving any consent to the foregoing in respect of Certificates, the Note Trustee 
may require the Issuer to make such modifications or additions to the provisions of 
any of the Relevant Agreements (and may itself consent thereto on behalf of the 
Certificateholders) or may impose such other conditions or requirements as the 
Note Trustee may deem expedient (in its absolute discretion) in the interests of the 
Certificateholders and may rely on any written confirmation from the Issuer as to the 
matters contained therein.  Any modification or additions to the provisions of any of 
the Relevant Agreements shall be binding on the Certificateholders of such Series. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The Certificates will not bear interest. 
7. 
REDEMPTION 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed as provided in this Condition, the Issuer will 
redeem each Certificate in an amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may not redeem any Certificate in whole or in part prior to the 
Maturity Date except as provided in Conditions 7(b) and (c). 
With respect to the Maturity Date the Issuer will request the realisation of 
the Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or request payments under the 
Swap or Swaps, if applicable, in sufficient time to allow the Company to 
redeem or realise the underlying assets by the Maturity Date so that the 
only amount payable in respect of the Certificates on the Maturity Date shall 
be the Certificate Redemption Amount. If a Fixed Maturity Date is specified 
in the Final Terms, and if any amounts are received by the Issuer after the 
Maturity Date then such amounts shall be retained by the Issuer and 
available to be distributed to ExcelEdge Holdings Limited for the benefit of 
the ExcelEdge Limited Trust. If a Scheduled Maturity Date is specified in the

--- Page 63 ---
95411252 
63 
 
Final Terms, then if the Issuer has not received by such Scheduled Maturity 
Date (a) the full cash proceeds of redemption of the Shares and/or the MS 
Certificates and/or payments under the Swap or Swaps, if applicable, (b) in 
the context of a redemption of the Shares due to be effected in kind, the 
cash proceeds of disposal or redemption of the assets underlying the 
Shares or (c) any other form of liquidation of the Shares, the Maturity Date 
shall be the twentieth Business Day following such receipt. 
All Custodian Certificates outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) on the 
Maturity Date shall be cancelled. 
(b) 
Mandatory early redemption 
If: 
(i) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, if it is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms that the Issuer may determine in its sole discretion to 
redeem all Certificates and the Issuer so determines; or 
(ii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Early Termination Event has occurred which it 
does not waive; or 
(iii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an additional Early 
Termination Event as set out in the relevant Final Terms for such 
Certificates occurs 
(each, a "Mandatory Redemption Event") then all of the Certificates which 
are in issue at such time will be redeemed and the remaining Custodian 
Certificates will be cancelled. 
If, at the time of such Mandatory Redemption Event, there were purchasers 
who were to purchase new Certificates on a date after the occurrence of the 
Mandatory Redemption Event and consequently the Dealer was to request 
a transfer of Custodian Certificates, then such transfer of Custodian 
Certificates shall be cancelled and the subscription for new Certificates shall 
not take place. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the Issuer shall 
forthwith give not more than two Company Business Days’ prior notice (or 
such other notice period as indicated in the Trust Deed) of the date of such 
mandatory redemption (the "Redemption Date") to the Note Trustee, the 
Swap Counterparty (if applicable), the Certificateholders and the Paying 
Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable). The Issuer will pay any amount 
due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the 
Agents, to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement and any 
Transaction Fees due to the Dealer in each case in accordance with 
Condition 4(h), and then redeem the Certificates in an amount per 
Certificate equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount on the date falling 
two Company Business Days after the Redemption Date (or such other 
number of days specified in the Final Terms) subject to the Issuer having 
received the proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or the MS 
Certificates and/or the payments under the Swap (if applicable) one 
Company Business Day after such Redemption Date. If receipt of the 
proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or the 
payments under the Swap (if applicable) is delayed the redemption of the 
Certificates will be effected within two Company Business Days of receipt

--- Page 64 ---
95411252 
64 
 
thereof. If the Issuer subsequently receives, within 60 days of the 
Redemption Date, further amounts from the Company from the realisation of 
Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or payments under the Swap (if 
applicable) in respect of the Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the 
former Certificateholders their pro rata share of any such amounts (such 
payment, a "Supplemental Redemption Amount"). 
No payment will be made in respect of the Certificates until any amount due 
and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the 
Agents, to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, has 
been paid in full. 
No payment will be made in respect of Custodian Certificates. 
The following events shall each constitute an "Early Termination Event", in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent and if it determines this 
is material for the purposes of the Certificates: 
(i) 
the occurrence of a Tax Event or an Illegality; 
(ii) 
the currency of the Shares and/or its net asset value is no longer 
calculated in the Specified Currency; 
(iii) 
in the case of a Share issued by a Company as part of a fund, the 
Company Administrator fails to calculate and publish the Share NAV 
for one week or more or, if the relevant Final Terms specifies the 
frequency with which prices are published as being monthly, the 
Company Administrator fails to calculate and publish the Share NAV 
for two months or more or the Share NAV is not published in 
accordance with the procedures prevailing as of the Issue Date; 
(iv) 
the Company introduces a redemption fee or subscription fee, or 
any other fee not otherwise payable on the Issue Date under the 
Company offering document that a holder of a Share has to bear; 
(v) 
there is a change in tax treatment which could have an adverse 
economic impact for a holder of a Share; 
(vi) 
in the case of a Company that issues Shares as part of a fund, the 
Company is closed or an investor is unable to purchase or sell 
Shares on a daily basis or on such periodic basis as is provided for 
pursuant to the terms of the Company Documents; 
(vii) 
the Company is wound up or terminated or any regulatory approval 
or registration is cancelled or is under review (due to wrongdoing, 
breach of any rule or regulation or other reason); 
(viii) 
the occurrence of any event or circumstance (whether or not in 
accordance with the rules of the Company) which obliges a holder of 
a Share to sell or dispose of such Share; 
(ix) 
the Issuer advises that it is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, or would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to: 
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems

--- Page 65 ---
95411252 
65 
 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Certificates; or 
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s); 
(x) 
any event occurs that the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines may have a 
materially detrimental effect on the risk profile of the Certificates for 
the Issuer; 
(xi) 
in the case of a Company that issues Shares as part of a fund, there 
is a declaration by or on behalf of the Company of an actual or 
proposed compulsory termination or redemption of or any dividend 
or distribution in respect of the Shares; 
(xii) 
in the case of a Company that issues Shares as part of a fund, the 
suspension by the Company of acceptance of subscriptions or 
redemptions for Shares whether or not in accordance with the 
Company Documents; 
(xiii) 
an order has been made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding up, dissolution or termination of the Company Trading 
Adviser, the Company Manager, the Swap Counterparty (if 
applicable) or any of their respective affiliates; 
(xiv) 
the Company is dissolved or ceases to exist or circumstances occur 
that will cause it to be dissolved or cease to exist; 
(xv) 
any action, condition or circumstance necessary to enable the 
Company to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights and perform and 
comply with its obligations has not been taken, fulfilled or completed 
or has been cancelled; 
(xvi) 
any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation has been taken 
or brought, or is pending, by any court, governmental or regulatory 
body or agency against the Company or any authorised 
representative or any affiliate of the Company Trading Adviser or the 
Company Manager; 
(xvii) 
the Shares are reclassified, the Company is consolidated, 
amalgamated or merged with another company whose investment 
objectives, risk profile and/or investment objectives are different to 
those of the Company at the Issue Date or a resolution is proposed 
to effect any such reclassification, consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger; 
(xviii) there is (i) a transfer or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
the Shares or the shares in the Company Trading Adviser or the 
Company Manager to another entity or person, (ii) a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger of the Company or the Company Trading 
Adviser or the Company Manager with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in 
which the Company or the Company Trading Adviser or the 
Company Manager, as applicable, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the Shares or 
the shares in the Company Trading Adviser or the Company

--- Page 66 ---
95411252 
66 
 
Manager, as applicable), or (iii) a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation or other event by any entity or person to 
acquire all of the Shares or the shares in the Company Trading 
Adviser or the Company Manager; 
(xix) 
a change in law that requires the imposition or deduction of 
withholding tax which increases the effective dealing costs of 
subscribing for, holding, or redeeming the Shares or MS Certificates; 
(xx) 
a change in law, taxation or regulation, including capital adequacy or 
similar requirements, or in the constitution of the Company occurs or 
is likely to occur which may have a material adverse effect on (i) the 
ability of an investor to hold, purchase, sell or redeem Shares or MS 
Certificates; (ii) the costs that are or will be incurred by an investor in 
purchasing, selling, holding or redeeming Shares or MS Certificates; 
or (iii) the value of the Shares or MS Certificates; 
(xxi) 
any event has occurred which is likely to have a material adverse 
effect on the solvency or liquidity of the Company and/or the Shares 
and/or the MS Certificates, including, but not limited to, any material 
litigation concerning the Company which involves any holder(s) of 
Shares; 
(xxii) 
the making of any material reservation, warning and/or provision in 
an audit report of the Company (whether generally or in respect of 
any class or series of shares or units) by the auditor of the 
Company; 
(xxiii) there is an actual or proposed change to the investment strategy 
being pursued by the Company in respect of the Shares; 
(xxiv) there is an actual or proposed material change to the Company 
Documents; 
(xxv) 
the Company is in breach of the Company Documents or any 
investment guidelines or either the Company Trading Adviser or the 
Company Manager is in breach of its investment management 
agreement (howsoever described) with the Company; 
(xxvi) the appointment of the Dealer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
has been terminated; 
(xxvii) any other event or circumstance exists or occurs in relation to the 
Company, the Shares, the MS Certificates, agents or service 
providers of the Company, the Swap, the Certificates or the MS 
Certificates which the Calculation Agent determines is analogous to 
any other Early Termination Event and/or has or may have a 
material adverse effect on the Company, the Share, the MS 
Certificates or the Certificates; 
(xxviii) any additional Early Termination Event set out in the Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of any Early Termination Event the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer, the Note Trustee and the Security Trustee in writing 
of such occurrence. The Note Trustee and the Security Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on such notice without liability to any person. Neither the 
Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be under any duty to monitor

--- Page 67 ---
95411252 
67 
 
whether an Early Termination Event has occurred and in the absence of 
express notice to the contrary from the Calculation Agent shall assume no 
such event has occurred and shall have no liability to any person for doing 
so.  
(c) 
Early repurchase 
If a Certificateholder or Certificateholders request repurchase by the Dealer 
and the Dealer requests the Issuer to repurchase on no less than one 
Company Business Day’s notice, the Issuer may agree in its sole discretion 
to repurchase one or more Certificates on a Company Business Day (each, 
a "Purchase Date"). On the date on which the Issuer receives notice of 
such repurchase request, the Calculation Agent will request the Company to 
redeem a number of Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or request the 
Swap Counterparty make a payment under the Swap, in each case, in 
respect of a number of Shares equal to the number of Certificates being 
repurchased by the Issuer or, if Transaction Fees are paid using "Method 
C", "Method E" or (in the case of unlisted Certificates only) "Method D", 
such number of Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or payment amount 
under the Swap as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion. 
The Certificates repurchased on such Purchase Date shall be repurchased 
in an amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Certificateholders two Company Business 
Days after the Purchase Date (or such other number of days specified in the 
Final Terms), subject to the Issuer having received the proceeds of 
realisation of the Shares and/or the MS Certificates and/or the payments 
under the Swap (if applicable) one Company Business Day after such 
Purchase Date. If receipt of the proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or 
the MS Certificates and/or the payments under the Swap (if applicable) is 
delayed the repurchase of the Certificates will be effected within two 
Company Business Days of receipt thereof by the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Certificates repurchased prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Issuer subsequently receives, within 60 days of the Purchase Date of such 
Certificates, further amounts from the Company from the realisation of 
Shares and/or MS Certificates and/or payments under the Swap (if 
applicable) in respect of such Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the 
former Certificateholders their pro rata share of any such amounts. Any 
amounts received by the Issuer from the Company, the MS Certificate 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty after such 60 days will be retained by the 
Issuer. 
No more than one repurchase request may be made by the Dealer to the 
Issuer in relation to the same Purchase Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Transaction Fees 
(i) If "Method A" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in the Final 
Terms, then no Transaction Fees shall be paid by the Issuer.  
(ii) If "Method B" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in the Final 
Terms, Transaction Fees shall be paid in accordance with the method 
specified under paragraph (b) of the definition of Transaction Fees.

--- Page 68 ---
95411252 
68 
 
(iii) If "Method C" or "Method E" is specified in respect of Transaction 
Fees in the Final Terms, Transaction Fees shall be paid as follows: 
(1) 
Calculation Basis.  The Transaction Fees will accrue on the 
Periodic Basis for such Series and will be calculated on the 
Periodic Basis using the most recently available Certificate 
Price, for the period from and including the Issue Date or 
such other date as may be specified in the Final Terms to 
and including the last day of the Periodic Basis immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms.  Should the Company provide a 
net asset value in respect of any additional redemption day 
in respect of the Shares ("Extraordinary Dealing Day"), the 
Transaction Fee will accrue in respect of each month in 
which any such Extraordinary Dealing Day may occur from 
the date it was last calculated to the valuation date in respect 
of such Extraordinary Dealing Day and from such valuation 
date to the next date as of which the net asset value of the 
Shares is to be calculated.  
(2) 
Frequency of Payment 
(a) 
If the Final Terms specify "First Year only", the 
Transaction Fees in respect of the period from 
and including the Issue Date or such other date 
as may be specified in the Final Terms to but 
excluding the first anniversary of the Issue 
Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the Final Terms (the "First Year Fees") will be 
payable in arrear as soon as practicable 
following calculation of the full First Year Fees.  
(b) 
If the Final Terms specify "Yearly", the 
Transaction Fees will be calculated in respect 
of the period from and including the Issue Date 
or such other date as may be specified in the 
Final Terms 
to 
but excluding 
the 
first 
anniversary of the Issue Date or such other 
date as may be specified in the Final Terms 
(the 
"First 
Regular 
Year 
Fees"). 
The 
Transaction 
Fees 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
subsequent yearly period will be calculated 
from and including the last anniversary of the 
Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms to but excluding 
the next anniversary of the Issue Date or such 
other date as may be specified in the Final 
Terms (each, a "Subsequent Year Fees"). 
The First Regular Year Fees and Subsequent 
Year Fees will be payable in arrear as soon as 
practicable following calculation of such year's 
Transaction Fees or such other date as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(3) 
Liquidity to effect payment of Transaction Fees.  To 
effect the payment of the First Year Fees, the First Regular

--- Page 69 ---
95411252 
69 
 
Year Fees and each Subsequent Year Fees, as applicable 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate and request the 
Company to redeem such round number of Shares so that 
the number of Shares being redeemed multiplied by the 
Share NAV on such date is an amount equal to the First 
Year Fees, the First Regular Year Fees or such Subsequent 
Year Fees, as applicable, or if no round number of Shares 
would result in an amount equal to the First Year Fees, the 
First Regular Year Fees or such Subsequent Year Fees, as 
applicable, then the highest number of Shares whose 
proceeds of redemption are an amount that is nearest to but 
less than the First Year Fees, the First Regular Year Fees or 
such Subsequent Year Fees, as applicable, payable on such 
date. Any remaining First Year Fees, First Regular Year 
Fees or such Subsequent Year Fees, as applicable, shall 
remain due and shall be payable pro rata from any 
Certificate Buy-back Amount and/or Certificate Redemption 
Amount.  
If the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates have been 
used to purchase MS Certificates that reference the Shares 
and/or have been used to enter into a Swap with the Swap 
Counterparty, then the Calculation Agent shall request the 
redemption of an applicable number of MS Certificates 
and/or termination in part of the Swap on the basis set out in 
paragraph (3) above, adjusted, if necessary, in its sole 
discretion. 
Following the payment of First Year Fees, the First Regular 
Year Fees and each Subsequent Year Fees, as applicable, 
for the purposes of calculating the "Realised Share NAV" the 
number of Shares attributable to each Certificateholder’s 
Certificates shall be reduced pro rata by the amount of 
Shares redeemed to pay the First Year Fees, the First 
Regular Year Fees and each Subsequent Year Fees, as 
applicable. 
(4) 
Payment of Transaction Fees on redemption.  Any 
accrued (but not yet paid) Transaction Fees up to including 
the last day of the Periodic Basis immediately preceding any 
redemption date for the Certificates shall be deducted from 
the Certificate Buy-back Amount and/or the Certificate 
Redemption Amount, as applicable in respect of a 
Certificate. 
(iv) 
If "Method D" is specified in respect of Transaction Fees in the Final 
Terms and only in respect of unlisted Series, Transaction Fees shall 
be paid using such other method as specified in the Final Terms.  
8. 
SUBORDINATION 
No payment may be made to the Certificateholders on the Maturity Date until any 
amount due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the 
Agents, to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and any 
Transaction Fees due to the Dealer, in each case in accordance with Condition 
4(h), has been paid in full.

--- Page 70 ---
95411252 
70 
 
On any date on which all of the Certificates are to be redeemed, if the liquidated 
proceeds of realisation of the Collateral, in the case of Secured Certificates, or the 
Underlying Assets, in the case of Unsecured Certificates being realised (the 
"Realised Value") does not exceed the sum of (i) amounts due and payable to the 
Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the Agents (to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and/or the Transaction Fees due to the 
Dealer, and (ii) the Certificate Redemption Amount multiplied by the Number of 
Certificates outstanding, then the amount payable to the relevant Certificateholders 
per Certificate will be equal to the Realised Value minus the amounts due and 
payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Security Trustee and/or the Agents (to the 
extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and/or the Transaction Fees 
due to the Dealer, divided by the Number of Certificates in issue on the redemption 
date of the Certificates whereupon the Certificateholders shall have no further 
claims against the Issuer (save, in the case of a Mandatory Redemption Event, in 
respect of the Supplemental Redemption Amount). If the proceeds of the 
redemption of the Collateral, in the case of Secured Certificates, or the Underlying 
Assets, in the case of Unsecured Certificates on such date exceed the amount (if 
any) payable to the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee (if applicable), the Agents, 
the Certificateholders and the Dealer, then each Certificate will be redeemed in an 
amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount and the 
Certificateholders shall have no further claims against the Issuer (save, in the case 
of a Mandatory Redemption Event, in respect of the Supplemental Redemption 
Amount). Any excess proceeds (if any) remaining after such payments shall be 
retained by the Issuer. 
9. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Payments of principal will be by credit or transfer to a US dollar account 
specified by the payee or if in a currency other than US dollars then to an 
account specified by the payee in the Specified Currency. 
(b) 
Payments against presentation and surrender 
Payments of principal in respect of Certificates will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 9(a) against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or of the Registrar. 
All payments in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate 
will be made to the person whose name is entered on the Register at the 
close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to 
the date for payment (the "Record Date"), where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December 
and 1 January of each year. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal law 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10. 
(d) 
Appointment of agents 
The Paying Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its specified office is 
set out in the introductory paragraphs to these conditions. The Paying

--- Page 71 ---
95411252 
71 
 
Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent, the Certificate Custodian and 
the Account Bank (if applicable) act solely as agents of the Issuer (unless, in 
the case of Secured Certificates, an Event of Default has occurred or may 
with the lapse of time or the giving of notice occur, when such agents may 
act as agents of the Note Trustee if so notified by the Note Trustee) and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Certificateholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior 
written approval of the Note Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent, the Certificate 
Custodian or the Account Bank (if applicable) and to appoint additional or 
other paying agents, registrars, calculation agents or certificate custodians 
provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar, (iii) a Calculation Agent and (iv) a Certificate Custodian. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will 
promptly be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(e) 
Non-business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Certificate is not 
a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
(f) 
Payment contingent on receiving proceeds of realisation 
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption of the Certificates is contingent 
on the Issuer receiving proceeds of realisation of the Shares and/or 
payments under the applicable Swap.  
10. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Payment net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the Certificates by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made net of withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments of whatever nature and penalties, 
charges, costs and interest relating thereto  imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any government, state or municipality or any local, state, federal or 
other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere 
in the world competent to impose, administer or collect any taxes, duties, 
assessments or make any decision or ruling on any matter relating to such 
taxes, duties, assessments , including specifically any withholding under (i) 
FATCA, (ii) U.S. Internal Revenue Code section 871(m), or (iii) U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code section 3406 ("backup" withholding). 
(b) 
Certificateholder Expenses 
A Certificateholder must pay all Certificateholder Expenses relating to 
Certificates held by or being exercised by it as a condition precedent to 
receiving any amount in respect of the Certificates and the Issuer is entitled 
to deduct all relevant Certificateholder Expenses from any such payment to 
be made by it under the Certificates. As used herein "Certificateholder 
Expenses" means, in respect of a Certificate, all taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration,

--- Page 72 ---
95411252 
72 
 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, arising in connection with (a) 
the exercise of such Certificate and/or (b) any payment due following 
exercise or otherwise in respect of such Certificates. 
(c) 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax 
If "Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable to any Series, then upon the 
occurrence of an Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax, the Issuer 
may (i) in its sole discretion, with immediate effect amend the Conditions of 
the Certificates by adjusting downward any amount payable and/or any 
other value or term of the Conditions to account for the economic impact of 
the Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax on the Issuer and its 
Affiliates in relation to the Certificates ("FTT Amendments"), and (ii) to the 
extent that at any time thereafter the Issuer determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) that it (including its Affiliates) has 
incurred additional loss as a result of the Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax that has not been accounted for through the adjustment 
made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) (such amount, "Additional Increased 
Tax"), it may reduce the amount otherwise payable on the Certificates on 
the next payment date (and any payment date thereafter) by an amount up 
to the Additional Increased Tax amount. Any such adjustments shall be 
notified in writing to the Certificateholders, the Paying Agent and the Note 
Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable but, in any event, no fewer than 
two Business Days prior to such payment being made. 
The Note Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to 
any person for so doing: 
(A) 
on a certificate in writing of the Issuer to the Note Trustee that the 
purpose of the FTT Amendment is solely as set out in (i) above (the 
"FTT Amendments Certificate"). Upon receipt of an FTT 
Amendment Certificate, the Note Trustee shall agree to the FTT 
Amendment without seeking the consent of the Certificateholders or 
any other party and concur with the Issuer in effecting the FTT 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the 
Note Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FTT Amendment 
if, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, the FTT Amendment would (i) 
expose the Note Trustee to any liability against which it has not 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (ii) impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Note Trustee in the 
Conditions or any Relevant Agreement; and 
(B) 
on any determination of the Issuer made pursuant to (c)(ii) above in 
respect of Additional Increased Tax, including the Additional 
Increased Tax amount. 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Certificates shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect thereof.

--- Page 73 ---
95411252 
73 
 
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur, the Note 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates (excluding any 
outstanding Custodian Certificates, if any) then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders (subject, in each case, to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) shall, give notice 
(an "Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer and, in the case of Secured Certificates, 
the Security Trustee that the Certificates are, and each Certificate shall accordingly 
forthwith become immediately due and payable and any Custodian Certificates 
outstanding on such date shall be cancelled and, in the case of Secured 
Certificates only, the Security shall become enforceable. 
(a) 
Non-payment 
if the Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of the Certificates within 
seven days following receipt by the Issuer of the redemption proceeds of the 
Collateral or the Underlying Assets, as applicable, being redeemed to effect 
such redemption; 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations 
the Issuer fails to perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations (other than a failure to perform or comply with obligations which 
failure, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the 
Certificateholders) under the Certificates or the Trust Deed and (except 
where such failure is not in the opinion of the Note Trustee capable of 
remedy when no such notice as is hereinafter referred to shall be required) 
such failure shall continue for more than 30 days (or, if applicable, such 
longer period as the Note Trustee may permit) next following the service by 
the Note Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(c) 
Winding-up 
the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of such amalgamation or 
reconstruction as is referred to in paragraph (d) below, ceasing or, through 
an official action of the board of directors of the Issuer, threatening to cease 
to carry on business or being unable to pay its debts as and when they fall 
due; 
(d) 
Insolvency proceedings 
an order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the 
winding-up of the Issuer except a winding-up for the purposes of or pursuant 
to an amalgamation or reconstruction the terms of which have previously 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; 
(e) 
Insolvency 
proceedings being otherwise initiated against the Issuer under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (including, but not limited to, presentation of a petition 
for an administration order) and such proceedings are not being disputed in 
good faith with a reasonable prospect of success, or a receiver, liquidator or 
other similar official being appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to 
the whole or in the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the

--- Page 74 ---
95411252 
74 
 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or an encumbrancer taking possession 
of the whole or in the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other 
process being levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or in 
the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer and such possession or process (as the case may be) 
not being discharged or not otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days, or 
the Issuer initiating or consenting to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under 
applicable 
liquidation, 
insolvency, 
bankruptcy, 
composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or making a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors generally. 
13. 
ENFORCEMENT 
Only the Note Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to 
enforce the rights of the Certificateholders and, in the case of Secured Certificates, 
only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security, and no Certificateholder is 
entitled to proceed against the Issuer unless the Note Trustee or the Security 
Trustee, as applicable, having become bound so to do, fails to take action against 
the Issuer or to enforce the rights of the Certificateholders or any of the Security, if 
applicable, within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.  Having realised 
the Security (in the case of Secured Certificates) or following liquidation of the 
Unsecured Series Property by the Issuer (in the case of Unsecured Certificates) 
and distributed the net proceeds in accordance with Condition 4, none of the Note 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, or any Certificateholder may take any 
further steps against the Issuer to recover any sum still unpaid and any such liability 
shall be extinguished.  In particular none of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, 
if applicable, the Certificateholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them 
may at any time institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining, insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any 
other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with 
respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any other certificates issued by 
the Issuer (save for any further certificates which form a single series with the 
Certificates) provided that the Note Trustee may prove or lodge a claim in the 
liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another party and provided further that the Note 
Trustee may take proceedings to obtain a declaration or similar judgment or order 
as to the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer. 
Neither the Note Trustee nor the Security Trustee shall be obliged to take any 
action, step or proceeding under these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any Relevant 
Agreement unless directed to do so pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
Following such extinguishment, none of the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if 
applicable, the Certificateholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of 
them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its 
officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any 
further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.

--- Page 75 ---
95411252 
75 
 
14. 
MEETINGS 
OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS, 
WAIVER, 
AUTHORISATION, 
DETERMINATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Certificateholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed, 
"Extraordinary Resolution") of a modification of any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the terms and conditions of the Certificates or any Relevant 
Agreement.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the Certificates (excluding any outstanding 
Custodian Certificates, if any) for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or representing 
Certificateholders, whatever the principal amount outstanding of the 
Certificates (excluding any outstanding Custodian Certificates, if any) so 
held or represented, except that, any modification relating to, inter alia, the 
details of the Security (if applicable) and the Series Assets, terms 
concerning the amount, currency and postponement of the due dates for 
payment of the Certificates, the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Certificateholders and the provisions concerning the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (such modification a 
"Basic Terms Modification") may be modified only by resolutions passed 
at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing at least two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting at least 
one-third, in principal amount of the Certificates (excluding any outstanding 
Custodian Certificates, if any) for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Certificateholders will be 
binding on all Certificateholders, whether or not they were present at such 
meeting. 
(b) 
Modifications, waiver, authorisation and determination 
The Note Trustee may agree, and, in the case of Secured Certificates, may 
direct the Security Trustee to agree without the consent of any of the 
Certificateholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Certificates, the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or of any other Relevant Agreement 
which is in the opinion of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; or 
(ii) 
any modification (except relating to a Basic Terms Modification), 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of 
the provisions of the Certificates, the Conditions, Trust Deed or of 
any of the other Relevant Agreements which, in any such case, is 
not in the opinion of the Note Trustee materially prejudicial to the 
interests of all of the Certificateholders; or 
(iii)  
any modification of the Conditions of the Certificates which is made 
in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax). 
The Note Trustee may also, without the consent of the Certificateholders, 
determine that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be

--- Page 76 ---
95411252 
76 
 
treated as such provided that it is not, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be 
binding on both the Secured Certificateholders and the Unsecured 
Certificateholders and, unless the Note Trustee agrees otherwise, any such 
modification shall be notified to the Certificateholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter.  Secured Certificateholders and Unsecured Certificateholders 
shall have no right of action against the Note Trustee if the Note Trustee 
agrees to any such modifications to the Relevant Agreements that affect 
either the Secured Certificateholders or the Unsecured Certificateholders. 
(c) 
Substitution 
Subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as 
the Note Trustee may require, including in the case of the Secured 
Certificates the transfer of the Security, but without the consent of the 
holders of the Certificates, the Note Trustee may agree to and, in the case 
of Secured Certificates, may direct the Security Trustee to agree to the 
substitution of any other company or other entity in place of the Issuer as 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Certificates (to the extent 
relevant) and the other Relevant Agreements.  Such substitution shall be 
subject to the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and the other Relevant 
Agreements and to such amendments thereof as the Note Trustee or the 
Issuer may deem appropriate.  In the case of such a substitution the Note 
Trustee may agree, and, in the case of Secured Certificates, may direct the 
Security Trustee to agree without the consent of the holders of the 
Certificates, to a change of the law governing the Certificates, the Trust 
Deed and/or the other Relevant Agreements provided that such change 
would not in the opinion of the Note Trustee be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Certificateholders.   
If another company or entity is substituted in place of the Issuer pursuant to 
these Conditions and the Trust Deed such substitute shall replace the 
Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Certificates and 
replace it under the Trust Deed and the other Relevant Agreements. 
The Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders, agree 
and, in the case of Secured Certificates, may direct the Security Trustee to 
agree to a change in the place of residence of the Issuer for taxation 
purposes provided the Issuer does all such things as the Note Trustee may 
require in order that such change in the place of residence of the Issuer for 
taxation purposes is fully effective and complies with such other 
requirements in the interests of the Certificateholders as the Note Trustee 
may direct. 
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE NOTE TRUSTEE AND THE SECURITY TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Note Trustee and 
the Security Trustee and for their relief from responsibility including for the exercise 
of any rights in respect of the Mortgaged Property (in the case of Secured 
Certificates), for the sufficiency and enforceability (which neither the Note Trustee 
nor the Security Trustee has investigated) of the Security (in the case of Secured 
Certificates) and for taking any actions, steps or proceedings to enforce the terms of 
the Certificates unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction.  The Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and any of their affiliates are

--- Page 77 ---
95411252 
77 
 
entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any obligor in respect of 
any of the Mortgaged Property or Unsecured Series Property or any of their 
respective subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Certificateholders for any profit resulting therefrom.  Each of the Note Trustee and 
the Security Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or 
reduction in value of the Mortgaged Property or Unsecured Series Property and 
from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Mortgaged Property or 
Unsecured Series Property. 
16. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES 
If a Definitive Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and listing regulations, at the specified office of 
the Registrar on payment by the claimant of the taxes, fees and costs properly 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Definitive Certificate is subsequently presented for payment, there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Certificates) and otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates shall be 
mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the date of mailing and notices to the holders of Certificates represented by a 
Global Certificate held on behalf of a clearing system may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
(a) 
Restrictions on further issues and transactions 
Unless otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Issuer may 
from time to time (without the consent of the Certificateholders) issue further 
Certificates (which may be consolidated and form a single series with any 
Series of Certificates if issued in accordance with Condition 18(b)) which are 
secured by or rely for their payment on inter alia (save in the case of further 
Certificates forming a single series with Custodian Certificates) assets of the 
Issuer other than any existing Mortgaged Property or any existing 
Unsecured Series Property and the Issuer’s share capital and transaction 
fees and issued on terms that provide for the extinction of all claims in 
respect of such Certificates after application of the proceeds of enforcement 
of the security over or the liquidation of the assets on which such further 
Certificates are secured or rely for their payment on (as the case may be) 
and that prevent transaction creditors from taking steps to wind up the 
Issuer. Any such further Certificates shall be constituted by a Supplemental 
Trust Deed in respect of such Certificates. 
(b) 
Restrictions on fungible issues 
Unless otherwise specified in the Supplemental Trust Deed, the Issuer may 
from time to time (without the consent of the Certificateholders) issue further 
Certificates that have, when issued, the same terms and conditions as the 
Certificates in all respects and that are consolidated and form a single

--- Page 78 ---
95411252 
78 
 
series with the Certificates provided that in the case of a further issue of 
Secured Certificates only the Issuer provides additional security for such 
new Secured Certificates that comprises assets that are fungible with the 
Mortgaged Property. 
19. 
PURCHASE OF CERTIFICATES 
All Certificates repurchased by the Issuer may be cancelled, in which case the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Certificates shall be discharged.  
Absent such cancellation and notwithstanding any other provision of these 
Conditions, all Certificates held by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall be deposited with 
the Certificate Custodian and shall carry the same rights as Custodian Certificates. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW 
(a) 
The Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this 
Certificate by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 79 ---
95411252 
79 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHILE REPRESENTED BY THE 
GLOBAL CERTIFICATE 
The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Global Certificate which 
will apply to, and in some cases modify, the Conditions of the Certificates while the 
Certificates are represented by the Global Certificate. 
Initial issue of Certificates 
The Certificates will initially be represented by interests in a global certificate (the "Global 
Certificate") registered in the Register in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") and the 
Global Certificate shall be deposited with the Common Depositary.  Each subscriber will be 
credited in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a number of 
Certificates equal to the number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Certificates that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to 
the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Certificates that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be 
credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Relationship of accountholders with clearing systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system as the holder of a Certificate represented by a Global Certificate must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case 
may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of the underlying 
Certificates in the Register and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Certificates for so long as the Certificates are represented by such Global Certificate and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of the underlying 
Certificates in the Register in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange of Global Certificates for Definitive Certificates 
The Global Certificate will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the 
holder) for Definitive Certificates only if any of the following events occurs or exists (each 
an "Exchange Event"): 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as set out in Condition 12) has occurred and is continuing: or 
(b) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Certificates in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Certificateholders if an Exchange Event occurs.  In 
the case of (a) or (b) above, the holder of the Global Certificate, acting on the instructions 
of one or more of the Accountholders (as defined below), may give notice to the Issuer and

--- Page 80 ---
95411252 
80 
 
the Paying Agent and, in the case of (c) above, the Issuer may give notice to the Paying 
Agent of its intention to exchange the Global Certificate for Definitive Certificates on or after 
the Exchange Date (as defined below). 
On or after the Exchange Date the holder of the Global Certificate may or, in the case of (c) 
above, shall surrender the Global Certificate to or to the order of the Paying Agent.  In 
exchange for the Global Certificate the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate number of Definitive Certificates, security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and in or substantially in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement.  On exchange of the Global Certificate, the Issuer will procure 
that it is cancelled and, if the holder so requests, returned to the holder together with any 
relevant Definitive Certificate. 
Registration of title to Certificates of a Series, specified in the Final Terms of such Series 
that such Certificates are to be held through a clearing system, in a name other than that of 
the nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will not be permitted unless an 
Exchange Event occurs. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Date" means a day specified in the notice requiring 
exchange falling not less than 60 days after that on which such notice is given, being a day 
on which banks are open for general business in the place in which the specified office of 
the Registrar is located and, except in the case of exchange pursuant to (b) above, in the 
place in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
"Accountholder" means each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular number of Certificates. 
Amendments to Conditions 
The Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Certificates that they represent, 
some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out in 
this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Certificate 
unless exchange for Definitive Certificates is improperly withheld or refused.   All payments 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Certificates, surrender of that Global Certificate to or to the order of the Paying Agent by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Certificate appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the 
"Record Date"). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than US 
dollars) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
and (in the case of a payment in US dollars) any bank which processes payments in US 
dollars.

--- Page 81 ---
95411252 
81 
 
A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Certificate, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Certificates. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Certificates that are represented by a Global 
Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
from the appropriate due date therefor. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Global Certificate shall (unless such Global Certificate represents only one 
Certificate) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements 
of a meeting of Certificateholders. All holders of Certificates are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each Certificate comprising such Certificateholder’s holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Certificate represented by a Global Certificate that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the principal amount of the relevant Global Certificate. 
Trustee’s powers 
In respect of a Secured Series of Certificates, in considering the interests of 
Certificateholders while any Global Certificate is held on behalf of, and Certificates are 
registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Note Trustee may have 
regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such 
Global Certificate and Certificates and may consider such interests as if such 
accountholders were the holders of the Certificates represented by such Global Certificate. 
Notices 
So long as any Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the Certificateholders of that 
Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by 
the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Certificate.

--- Page 82 ---
95411252 
82 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Clearing and settlement of the Certificates will be effected in accordance with the operating 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common 
depositary is the holder of a Global Certificate for a series, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or 
holder of the Certificates of such series represented by such Global Certificate for all 
purposes under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Certificates.  All payments 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the holder thereof.  
None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Dealer or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
made on account of beneficial ownership interests in Global Certificates or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to facilitate the initial issue of the Certificates and cross-market transfers of the 
Certificates associated with secondary market trading. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and 
facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book-
entry transfer between their respective accountholders and provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial 
institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies 
and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with 
an accountholder of either system. 
Distributions of principal and any other amounts with respect to book-entry interests in the 
Certificates held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the 
extent received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from the Paying Agent, to the 
cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg customers in accordance with the 
relevant system’s rules and procedures. 
The holdings of book-entry interests in Certificates in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. Beneficial 
ownership in Certificates will be held through financial institutions as direct and indirect 
participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and every other intermediate holder in the chain to the 
beneficial owner of book-entry interests in the Certificates, will be responsible for 
establishing and maintaining accounts for their participants and customers having interests 
in the book-entry interests in the Certificates. The Registrar will be responsible for 
maintaining a record of the aggregate holdings of Certificates registered in the name of a 
nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or

--- Page 83 ---
95411252 
83 
 
holders of Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates. The Paying Agent will be 
responsible for ensuring that payments received by it from the Issuer for holders of 
interests in the Certificates holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
credited to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Payments to 
holders of Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates will be made in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Certificates; however, holders of book-
entry interests in the Certificates may incur fees normally payable in respect of the 
maintenance and operation of accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in Global Certificates will be in uncertificated book-entry form. Purchasers electing 
to hold book-entry interests in the Certificates through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional 
eurobonds. Book-entry interests in the Global Certificates will be credited to Euroclear 
participant securities clearance accounts on the business day following the closing date 
against payment (for value the closing date), and to Clearstream, Luxembourg participant 
securities custody accounts on the closing date against payment in same day funds. 
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Certificates held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Certificates through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds. 
The information in this section regarding the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Certificates among 
participants of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear has been obtained from sources 
that the Issuer believes to be reliable but prospective investors are advised to make their 
own enquiries as to such procedures. None of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, if applicable, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Dealer, or any affiliate 
of any of the foregoing will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements described above.

--- Page 84 ---
95411252 
84 
 
WESER CAPITAL LIMITED 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 110793) as a public company 
with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 May 2012 for a period of 
unlimited duration. 
The entire issued share capital of the Issuer is registered in the name of ExcelEdge 
Holdings Limited (the "Holding Company"), who acts as holding company of the 
ExcelEdge Limited Trust, an accumulation charitable discretionary trust established for 
charitable purposes in the Cayman Islands in accordance with a declaration of trust dated 
24 October 2011. SML Trustees Limited, a regulated trust company incorporated in the 
Cayman Islands, acts as trustee for the ExcelEdge Limited Trust (in such capacity, the 
"Share Trustee"). The registered office of the Holding Company and the Share Trustee is 
Suite # 4-210, Governors Square, 23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue, Grand Cayman, KY1-1209, 
Cayman Islands. 
Neither the Holding Company nor the Share Trustee will have any beneficial interest in or 
derive any benefit (other than fees for acting as Holding Company or Share Trustee, 
respectively) from its holding of shares in the Issuer. 
The objects of the Issuer are unrestricted. 
Registered Office and Telephone Number 
The Issuer’s registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier Jersey JE1 0BD. The Issuer’s 
telephone number is +44 (0)1534 835 600. 
Management 
The Directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
 
Principal Occupation 
Timothy Charles Ridgway 
Director, Governance Services 
 
Stuart Conroy 
Director, Fund Services 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Affiliates of the Directors of the Issuer provide ongoing administrative services to the Issuer 
at commercial rates. 
The business address of each of the Directors of the Issuer is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The secretary of the Issuer is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St 
Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the "Corporate Administrator") 
provides administration services to the Issuer pursuant to a corporate administration 
agreement dated 29 June 2012 (the "Corporate Administration Agreement") made 
between, among others, the Issuer and the Corporate Administrator.

--- Page 85 ---
95411252 
85 
 
Business 
The Issuer has undertaken that, so long as any of the Certificates remains outstanding, it 
will not, without the prior consent in writing of the Note Trustee incur any other 
indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any dividends (other than a dividend of up 
to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer), have 
any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real 
property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties or 
assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the 
Conditions) or issue any shares (other than such shares as were in issue on or 29 May 
2012). 
The Issuer may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue 
secured and/or unsecured certificates but such other programmes are not themselves 
being established by this Base Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from 
the Programme, will have a base prospectus separate from this Base Prospectus and will 
be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission. Any other 
programmes that the Issuer enters into will have substantially the same provisions in 
respect of security, if applicable, and limited recourse provisions. 
The Issuer has no assets other than the Series Assets with respect to each Series, the 
benefit of any agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other programmes, 
the sum of £2.00 representing the issued and paid-up share capital and fees generated in 
connection with the issue of the Certificates and of other certificates.  The Issuer has no 
employees. 
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of certificates of 
the Issuer will be (a) in the case of Secured Certificateholders, the property on which such 
certificates are secured or (b) in the case of Unsecured Certificateholders, the property 
which the Issuer has allocated to such Unsecured Series. 
The Certificates are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Holding Company or the 
Share Trustee. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Issuer at the date hereof: 
 
US$
Shareholders’ funds: 
 
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of £1.00 
each) 
US$ 2.761
Indebtedness 
Series 6 U.S.$500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Lynx 
(Cayman) Fund limited under the Programme 
 
US$ 2,939,7032
Series 9 U.S.$1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares (being the 
voting participating shares of par value US$0.01) of IPM (Cayman) Fund 
Limited under the Programme
US$ 03
 
 
1 Amounts in £ have been converted to US$ at an exchange rate of £1: US$ 1.38.  Amounts in € have 
been converted to US$ at an exchange rate of €1: US$ 1.18. 
2 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but US$ 497,060,297 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 5 
July 2021.

--- Page 86 ---
95411252 
86 
 
Series 17 U.S.$500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of MSP 
(Europe) I Ltd under the Programme 
US$ 04
 
Series 19 U.S.$ 500,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of Two Trees 
Certificate Cayman Fund Limited under the Programme 
US$ 2,991,6615
 
Series 20 U.S.$ 500,000,000 Certificates liked to the shares of RAM 
(Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA Limited under the Programme 
US$ 6,438,276 
6 
Total capitalisation 
US$ 12,369,642.42 
 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of the Issuer since the date of the 
information contained in the above table. 
The Issuer has no other outstanding indebtedness as at the date hereof. 
Financial statements 
The Issuer prepares annual accounts which are audited. The most recent published 
audited accounts of the Issuer are in respect of the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. The Issuer will not prepare interim accounts.  The Principal Trust Deed 
requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, on an annual basis, 
that no Event of Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Note Trustee’s 
attention has occurred.  The audited accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 2020 are attached to this Base Prospectus at Appendix I.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Grant Thornton LLP of Kensington Chambers, 46/50 
Kensington Place, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 1ET. The auditors are Certified Public 
Accountants. The auditors are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. 
Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Issuer’s sole business is the raising of money by issuing Certificates for the purposes 
of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts and the Swaps. The Issuer has 
covenanted (amongst other things) not to, as long as any Certificate remains outstanding, 
without the consent of the Note Trustee engage in any activity or business except as 
provided or contemplated by the Certificates, the Custodian Certificates, the Relevant 
Agreements and the Alternative Programme Agreements and to perform any acts incidental 
to or necessary in connection therewith, or any act required by law, regulation or order of 
any court to be performed. In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions 
(as set out in Condition 4) including, but not limited to, that it will not, without the consent of 
the Note Trustee declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per 
Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make any other 
distribution to the holders of any of its shares or have formed or cause to be formed by 
subsidiaries or have any employees purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real 
 
3 US$ 1,000,000,000 issued, but US$ 1,000,000,000 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 
5 July 2021. 
4 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but US$ 500,000,000 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 5 
July 2021. 
5 US$ 500,000,000 issued, but US$ 497,008,339 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 5 
July 2021. 
6 US$500,000,000 issued but US$493,561,724 of Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 5 July 
2021.

--- Page 87 ---
95411252 
87 
 
property, consolidate or merge with or into any other person, or convey or transfer its 
properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any other person, or use, invest, sell, 
transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or dispose of, or otherwise deal with 
any of its property or any interests therein or create or permit to edict upon or effect any 
mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance whether fixed or floating or otherwise 
upon the whole or any part of its property or assets (other than as contemplated by the 
Conditions and/or the Trust Deeds), issue any further shares or issue any warrants or 
options in respect of shares or securities convertible units or exchangeable for shares. As 
such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share 
capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Certificates from 
time to time, any Series Assets, any other assets on which Secured Certificates are 
secured and any other assets contemplated by the Alternative Programme Agreements. 
There is no day-to-day management of the business of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
95411252 
88 
 
THE SWAP AND THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The Swap 
The Issuer may enter into a Swap, in respect of a Series, with the Swap Counterparty (see 
"The Swap Counterparty").  If entered into, a Swap would be governed by English law.  If a 
Swap is entered into, the Issuer will pay the issue proceeds from such Series to the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the Certificates hedged by the Swap.  The Swap Counterparty 
will be required upon redemption of such Certificates to pay to the Issuer amounts equal to 
the Certificate Redemption Amount in respect of the Certificates hedged by the Swap. The 
termination date of the Swap, in respect of a Series, will be the Maturity Date of the 
Certificates of such Series. 
The Swap Counterparty 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap (if entered into), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
("MSIP") will agree to act as the Swap Counterparty.  
MSIP is a public company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and 
Wales whose registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA. 
MSIP is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley. The principal activity of 
MSIP is the provision of financial services to corporations, governments, financial 
institutions and individual investors. It is authorised and regulated by the U.K. Financial 
Conduct Authority and the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority. MSIP has certain non-
equity securities listed on the main market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange which is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive.

--- Page 89 ---
95411252 
89 
 
THE MS CERTIFICATES AND THE MS CERTIFICATE ISSUER 
The MS Certificates 
The Issuer may subscribe for MS Certificates, in respect of a Series, from MSIP.  The MS 
Certificates will offer exposure on a 1:1 basis (if the Transaction Fees for a Series are paid 
outside the transaction) to Shares of a specified Company or (if the Transaction Fees for a 
Series are paid from the underlying assets for such Series) the MS Certificates will offer 
exposure to a portfolio which consists of (1) Shares of a specified Company and (2) if 
specified, a Cash Account with any return being reduced by the payment of Transaction 
Fees, in each case as confirmed in the Final Terms relating to each particular Series.  The 
specific terms of MS Certificates subscribed for by the Issuer in respect of a Series will be 
specified in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Swap Counterparty 
Any MS Certificates will be issued by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (see "The 
Swap and the Swap Counterparty – The Swap Counterparty" for information in relation to 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc).

--- Page 90 ---
95411252 
90 
 
SERIES ASSETS – DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARES AND THE COMPANY 
The net proceeds of the Certificates of a Series (either from a Secured Series or from an 
Unsecured Series) (other than the Initial Cash Account Amount) will be used by the Issuer 
to acquire shares or interests, in such entities (including, but not limited to, companies, 
limited partnerships, unit trusts and contractual funds) (each a "Company") that are of a 
type that conforms to the criteria set out in the general description of Companies below, in 
each one as confirmed in the Final Terms relating to each particular Series.  Each 
Certificate of a Series will be linked to one share or interest of the Company applicable to 
such Series (the "Shares").  The Issuer will acquire the Shares at their prevailing net asset 
value for the Company and/or acquire MS Certificates and/or enter into a swap (a "Swap") 
with the Swap Counterparty, in each case which references the Shares and whereby the 
Issuer obtains exposure to the Shares.  Each Series will be invested in a different Company 
although more than one Series may reference the same Company.   
The Companies may be incorporated in any jurisdiction and such jurisdiction will be 
specified in the Final Terms relating to the Series backed by such Company.  
General Description of the Companies 
 
The general description in this section is applicable to the Companies in which the 
Issuer invests the net proceeds of the Certificates of a particular Series and/or 
acquires MS Certificates and/or enters into a Swap in each case that references a 
Company although each individual Company need not conform with all of the criteria 
specified below. 
The Company 
The Company may be incorporated in any jurisdiction although is likely to be a Cayman 
Islands company. In the case of a Cayman Islands company, it is likely to be incorporated 
with limited liability as an exempted company under the provisions of the Companies Law 
(2013 Revision) of the Cayman Islands with its objects being unrestricted and include the 
carrying on of the business of an investment company.   
The Shares in the Company will be specified in the Final Terms.  Where an application has 
been made for the Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin or other EU regulated 
market, the Shares will also be listed on Euronext Dublin.  
The Shares, where listed, will be admitted to the Official List and for trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  Annual audited financial statements are likely to be 
made up in each year and sent to shareholders and to the relevant exchange within six 
months of the financial year end. 
The Offering by the Companies 
By way of an offering memorandum, the Company will privately and usually continuously 
offer shares or other interests to certain qualified investors. 
Operations of the Companies 
The Company is likely to rely upon the services of a manager or an adviser for the day to 
day running of the business, including the management, operations and policies of the 
Company or the investment decisions pursuant to the trading programs, methods, systems 
or other strategies which the Company has selected.

--- Page 91 ---
95411252 
91 
 
The Company will have entered into various management, advisory and/or other agency 
agreements and the agents appointed thereunder will derive payment for their services to 
the Company through various fee arrangements. 
Adviser to the Companies 
The duties of an adviser to the company are likely to include investing and reinvesting in 
exchange listed futures, forward, options contracts and other derivative instruments the 
amount of assets allocated to the adviser pursuant to the trading programs, methods, 
systems, strategies which the Company has selected and in accordance with any trading 
policies, guidelines, restrictions, or limitations set out in any applicable advisory agreement. 
Investment by the Companies 
The investment objectives and strategy of each Company will be detailed in the offering 
document for the Shares of such Company. Such objectives might include an investment 
strategy to achieve long term capital growth and interest income by investing in or seeking 
exposure to fixed income securities of governments, government agencies, and companies 
of different industry sectors listed or traded in various jurisdictions, or to carry on the 
business of an investment company and to acquire, invest in and hold by way of 
investment, sell and deal in shares, stocks, debenture stock, bonds, obligations, certificates 
of deposit, bills of exchange, options, futures, currencies and securities of all kinds.

--- Page 92 ---
95411252 
92 
 
TAXATION 
Jersey Taxation 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Certificateholders 
(other than residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are 
understood to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such 
taxation law and practice.  It does not constitute legal or tax advice and does not address 
all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax law and practice as they apply 
to any land or building situate in Jersey).  Prospective investors in the Certificates should 
consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or 
otherwise disposing of the Certificates under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may 
be liable to taxation. 
Taxation of the Issuer 
Under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 and on the basis that the Issuer is 
resident for tax purposes in Jersey and not a financial services company, a utility company 
or a large corporate retailer for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as 
amended, the Issuer is subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero per cent. Payments 
in respect of the Certificates may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of Jersey income tax and Certificateholders (other than residents of Jersey) 
will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of 
such Certificates.  
If the Issuer derives any income from the ownership or development and disposal of land in 
Jersey, such income will be subject to tax at the rate of 20 per cent. It is not expected that 
the Issuer will derive any such income. 
Certificateholders 
Dividends on Securities and redemption proceeds may be paid by the Issuer to non-Jersey 
resident Certificateholders without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey 
income tax. Non-Jersey resident Certificateholders will not be subject to any tax in Jersey 
in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Securities. Non-Jersey resident 
Certificateholders will be exempt from Jersey income tax on receipt of any distribution from 
the Issuer. Certificateholders who are resident in Jersey for tax purposes may be liable to 
pay income tax on distributions (including redemption proceeds) received from the Issuer.  
Goods and Services Tax 
Jersey imposes a Goods and Services Tax ("GST") on the taxable supply of goods and 
services in or imported into Jersey. The current GST rate is 5 per cent. On the basis that 
the Issuer has obtained International Services Entity status, the Issuer is not: 
(a) 
required to register as a taxable person pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007; 
(b) 
required to charge GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) required 
to pay GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
The directors of the Issuer intend to continue to conduct the business of the Issuer such 
that no GST will be incurred or be payable by the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
95411252 
93 
 
Stamp duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue, acquisition, ownership, exchange, sale, 
transfer or other disposition of the Certificates between living persons except that stamp 
duty is payable on Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will 
generally be required to transfer the Certificates on the death of a Certificateholder of such 
Certificates.  In the case of a grant of probate or letters of administration, stamp duty is 
levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situate in respect of a Certificateholder 
domiciled in Jersey, or situate in Jersey in respect of a Certificateholder domiciled outside 
Jersey). Such duties are payable in respect of the net value of the estate (as at the date of 
death) rounded up to the nearest £10,000 at a rate of 0.5 per cent. of the first £100,000 and 
0.75 per cent. thereafter up to a maximum net value of £13,360,000. The rules for joint 
holders and holdings through a nominee are different and advice relating to this form of 
holding should be obtained from a professional advisor. 
Purchasers of Certificates may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase or other relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor 
are there other estate duties. 
European Union Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income 
Following the repeal on 1 January 2016 of the EU Savings Tax Directive, and in line with 
steps taken by other relevant third countries, Jersey has suspended its system of automatic 
communication to EU Member States of information regarding payments made by certain 
Jersey collective investment vehicles to EU resident individuals. The introduction of the 
Common Reporting Standard (see below) supersedes the information exchange 
arrangements previously in place. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD has developed a new global standard for the automatic exchange of 
financial information between tax authorities (the "Common Reporting Standard" or 
"CRS"). The CRS has been implemented in the EU by way of the Revised Directive on 
Administrative Co-Operation (Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Jersey is a signatory to 
the CRS and commenced exchange of information with tax authorities of other signatory 
jurisdictions in September 2017. 
Jersey legislation which implements the CRS in Jersey came into effect on 1 January 
2016 (the "Jersey CRS Legislation"). 
In summary, the Jersey CRS Legislation requires "reporting financial institutions" in 
Jersey to identify, review and report on "financial accounts" maintained by them and 
which are held by residents for tax purposes (whether individuals or entities) of 
jurisdictions with which Jersey has agreed to exchange information. The reporting 
deadline for Jersey reporting financial institutions to report to the States of Jersey 
Comptroller of Taxes is 30 June in the year following the calendar year to which the 
return relates. 
Reports will be made to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes and then passed to 
the competent authority of the jurisdiction in which the account holder is resident. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it by the CRS, no 
assurance can be given that it will be able to satisfy such obligations. Implementation of 
the CRS may require the Issuer to conduct additional due diligence and report upon 
accounts held with it by Certificateholders who are reportable persons in other 
participating jurisdictions. The Issuer may require certain additional financial information

--- Page 94 ---
95411252 
94 
 
from Certificateholders to comply with its due diligence and reporting obligations under 
the CRS. 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under the CRS may result in 
penalties being imposed on the Issuer and in such event, the target returns of the Issuer 
may be materially affected. All prospective Certificateholders must agree to provide the 
Issuer at the time or times prescribed by applicable law and at such times reasonably 
requested by the Issuer such information and documentation (whether relating to 
themselves, their investors and/or beneficial owners) prescribed by applicable law and 
such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Issuer as may be necessary 
for the Issuer to comply with its obligations under CRS. 
Prospective Certificateholders should, as with FATCA, consult their tax advisors with 
regard to the potential CRS tax reporting and certification requirements associated with 
an investment in the Issuer. It is further recommended that Certificateholders who are 
entities consider themselves whether they have any obligations to notify their 
respective investors, Certificateholders or account holders about the information that 
the Issuer requests, and the potential disclosures that the Issuer will be obliged to 
make in connection with those persons in complying with its obligations under CRS. 
In order to avoid the Issuer being subject to withholding taxes or penalties, all 
investors must agree to provide the Issuer at times reasonably requested by the 
Issuer with such information and documentation (whether relating to themselves, 
their investors and/or beneficial owners) reasonably requested by the Issuer. 
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position you should consult your professional 
tax adviser. 
Taxation in the United States — Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to the foreign account tax compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010 ("FATCA"), the Issuer and other non-U.S. financial 
institutions through which payments on the Certificates are made ("paying agents") may 
be required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all or a portion of payments 
made two years or more after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
defining the term "foreign passthru payment" with respect to Certificates (i) that are treated 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that any such Certificates issued 
on or before the date that is six months after the date on which such final regulations are 
published generally will be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless they 
are materially modified after such date; and (ii) that are treated as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, whenever issued. Under existing guidance, this withholding tax may 
be triggered on payments on the Certificates if (i) the Issuer or paying agent is a foreign 
financial institution ("FFI") (as defined in FATCA) which enters into and complies with an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to provide certain information 
on its account holders (making the Issuer a "Participating FFI"), (ii) the Issuer or paying 
agent is required to withhold on "foreign passthru payments", and (iii) either (a) an investor 
does not provide information sufficient for the relevant Participating FFI to determine 
whether that investor is subject to withholding under FATCA, or (b) any FFI to or through 
which payment on such Certificates is made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise exempt 
from FATCA withholding. 
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid with respect to the 
Certificates is not entirely clear. In particular, each of the United Kingdom and Jersey has 
entered into a "Model 1" intergovernmental agreement (each an "IGA") with the United 
States, to help implement FATCA for certain entities in the United Kingdom and Jersey 
respectively.  An FFI in an IGA jurisdiction (such as the Issuer) that is compliant will not 
generally be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an 
IGA) from payments it makes.   The Issuer will still be required to report certain 
information on its U.S. account holders (if any) to the government of Jersey, and any UK

--- Page 95 ---
95411252 
95 
 
paying agents may still be required to report certain information on their U.S. account 
holders (if any) to the government of the United Kingdom, in order (i) to obtain an 
exemption from FATCA withholding on payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with any 
applicable law of Jersey and the United Kingdom respectively.  It is also not yet certain 
how the United States and the United Kingdom and the United States and Jersey will 
address withholding on "foreign passthru payments" (which may include payments on the 
Certificates) after such term is defined. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from 
interest, principal or other payments on the Certificates as a result of FATCA, none of the 
Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Certificates, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or 
withholding. As a result, if FATCA withholding were to apply to payments on the 
Certificates, investors may receive less interest or principal than they would otherwise 
receive. 
The application of FATCA to Certificates issued or materially modified after the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed in the Federal Register (or whenever issued, in the case of Certificates 
treated as equity for U.S. federal tax purposes) may be addressed in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
FATCA IS PARTICULARLY COMPLEX AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE ISSUER, THE 
CERTIFICATES AND THE HOLDERS OF CERTIFICATES IS UNCERTAIN AT THIS 
TIME. EACH HOLDER OF CERTIFICATES SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX 
ADVISER TO OBTAIN A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND ADVICE 
ON HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT IT IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Different and potentially obligatory disclosure requirements may be imposed on holders of 
Certificates as a result of any of the tax information exchange provisions referred to 
above. 
Taxation in the United States – Withholding under U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 Section 871(m) 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act introduced Section 871(m) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which treats a "dividend equivalent" payment made 
by a non-U.S. entity as a dividend from sources within the United States. Under Section 
871(m), such payments generally will be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax that 
may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax 
liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner claims a credit or refund from the 
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in a timely manner. A "dividend equivalent" payment is 
(i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-
repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by 
reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a 
payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or 
indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend 
from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS 
to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) and (ii) above. The final U.S. 
Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") 
require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Certificates with respect to amounts 
treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities. Under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, only a Certificate that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to 
that of the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) 
Regulations and applicable guidance, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding 
regime (making such Certificate a "Specified Certificate").  At least until 1 January 2023, 
a Certificate will only qualify as a Specified Certificate if the ratio of the change in its fair 
market value relative to a change in the value of the underlying U.S. security is 1:1 (a 
"delta-one transaction"). The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to

--- Page 96 ---
95411252 
96 
 
this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based 
indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash 
payments are made on a Specified Certificate or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other 
disposition by the non-U.S. holder of the Specified Certificate. If the underlying U.S. 
security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified 
Certificate, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Certificate does 
not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may 
withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Certificates in respect of any 
dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Certificates regardless of any exemption 
from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, where a Certificateholder is eligible for a reduced tax rate 
under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A Certificateholder may be able to 
claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely 
furnished to the IRS. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is 
required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
Additional Amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Certificates issued on or 
after 1 January 2017, but the IRS has stated that so-called non-delta-one transactions (as 
defined in Section III(A) of IRS Notice 2016-76) will not be treated as Specified Certificates 
if issued before 1 January 2023. If the terms of a Certificate are subject to a "significant 
modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Certificate generally would be treated 
as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, 
based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Certificate is a Specified 
Certificate. Similarly, if additional Certificates of the same series are issued (or deemed 
issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Certificates out of inventory) after 
the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the 
existing Certificates are Specified Certificates as the date of such subsequent sale or 
issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Certificate might be treated as a 
Specified Certificate following such modification or further issuance. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that 
Certificates are Specified Certificates and will specify contact details for obtaining 
additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Certificates. If 
Certificates are Specified Certificates, a non-U.S. holder of the Certificates should expect 
to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying 
those Certificates. The Issuer’s determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the 
Certificates, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require 
complex calculations to be made with respect to Certificates linked to U.S. securities and 
their application to a specific issue of Certificates may be uncertain. 
Taxation in the United States – Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
If Definitive Certificates are issued, information returns will generally be filed with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service. Unless a Certificateholder provides proof: (i) of an applicable 
exemption or a correct U.S. taxpayer identification  number, or (ii) that it is not a U.S. 
person, the Certificateholder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on payments 
made on Certificates or on the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of Certificates. 
The amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not an additional U.S. tax 
and may be refunded or credited against the Certificateholder's U.S. federal income tax 
liability provided that the required information is furnished timely to the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service. Certificateholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
application of U.S. information reporting and backup withholding in their particular 
situations, the availability of an exemption therefrom, and the procedure for obtaining any 
available exemption. If any backup withholding were imposed on such payments, neither 
the Issuer nor any other person would be required to pay any withholding or deduction as

--- Page 97 ---
95411252 
97 
 
a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates.

--- Page 98 ---
95411252 
98 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer Agreement 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Dealer"), entered into to a dealer agreement, 
as may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in respect of the 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme (the "Dealer Agreement") and pursuant to 
the Dealer Agreement will agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for the Certificates of 
each Series at the issue price specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Certificates. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against 
certain liabilities, incurred in connection with the issue of the Certificates.  The Dealer 
Agreement may be terminated at any time by the Dealer and in certain circumstances prior 
to payment to the Issuer. Pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, the Dealer will agree to 
pay for certain of the operating expenses of the Issuer, incurred in connection with the 
issue of the Certificates.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Dealer Agreement, the 
Dealer: 
(a) 
on an Issue Date, will agree to subscribe and pay for the maximum number of the 
Certificates available in such Series at their issue price, provided the Subscription 
Conditions Precedent are satisfied; 
(b) 
will agree to, on each Company Investment Subscription Date on which new or 
existing Certificate holders have agreed to purchase further Custodian Certificates 
from the Dealer, the same such number of Custodian Certificates from the 
Certificate Custodian at a price per Custodian Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Price on the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date. 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer an 
amount of Certificates set out in the Final Terms at a price per Certificate equal to their 
issue price. 
The purchase of Custodian Certificates by the Dealer is conditional upon there not having 
been any adverse change, development or event reasonably likely to involve a prospective 
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer which is material in 
the context of the transaction and on the Subscription Conditions Precedent being satisfied 
on the relevant date.  The representations and warranties that will be given by the Issuer on 
the Issue Date for a Series and on each date on which Custodian Certificates are 
purchased by the Dealer from the Issuer are as follows: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and Final Terms for the relevant Series (apart from 
the issue price of the Certificates of such Series, the repurchase price of the 
Custodian Certificates, the purchase price of Shares being purchased on 
the Issue Date and on each Company Investment Subscription Date on 
which Custodian Certificates are sold to the Dealer) contains all the 
information with respect to the Issuer and to the relevant Certificates which 
is material in the context of the issue and purchase of the relevant 
Certificates; 
(ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus and Final Terms for the 
relevant Series (apart from the issue price of the Certificates of such Series, 
the repurchase Custodian Certificates, the purchase price of the Company 
being purchased on the Issue Date and on each Company Investment 
Subscription Date on which Custodian Certificates are sold to the Dealer, 
and whether the Certificates are Secured Certificates or Unsecured

--- Page 99 ---
95411252 
99 
 
Certificates) relating to the Issuer are in every material way true and 
accurate and not misleading; 
(iii) 
there are no other facts (apart from the issue price of the Certificates of 
such Series, the repurchase price of the Custodian Certificates, the 
purchase price of the Shares being purchased on the Issue Date and on 
each Company Investment Subscription Date on which Custodian 
Certificates are sold to the Dealer, and whether the Certificates are Secured 
Certificates or Unsecured Certificates) in relation to the Issuer the omission 
of which would, in the context of the issue and sale of the relevant series of 
Certificates, make any statement in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms misleading in any respect; 
(iv) 
the Issuer is duly incorporated under the laws of Jersey, Channel Islands, 
and has full power and legal authority to conduct its business in Jersey, 
Channel Islands; 
(v) 
the creation and offering of the relevant Certificates under the terms and 
conditions of the Dealer Agreement do not contravene the Memorandum 
and Articles of Association or any other constitutional documents of the 
Issuer; 
(vi) 
all consents, approvals, authorisations, orders and clearances of all 
regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of Jersey, 
Channel Islands have been obtained and are in full force and effect and the 
Issuer has complied with all legal and other requirements necessary to 
ensure that the relevant Series of Certificates will represent valid and legally 
binding obligations of the Issuer and the Relevant Agreements constitute 
valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer; 
(vii) 
there has been no material adverse change in the financial or the trading 
position of the Issuer nor has there been any material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer, since its incorporation; 
(viii) 
no Potential Event of Default, Event of Default, Potential Early Termination 
Event or Early Termination Event has occurred; and 
(ix) 
no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer that 
would permit a public offering of the Certificates of a Series, or possession 
or distribution of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering or publicity material relating to the Certificates of a Series, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, save 
that the consent of the Jersey Registrar has been obtained to the circulation 
of the Base Prospectus as required by the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended, 
(together, the "Subscription Conditions Precedent"), where: 
"Potential Early Termination Event" means any event which may become, with the 
passage of time, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination 
thereof, an Early Termination Event; and 
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which may become, with the passage of 
time, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination thereof, an 
Event of Default.

--- Page 100 ---
95411252 
100 
 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer which would or is intended to permit a 
public offer of Certificates of a Series in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required save that the consent of the Jersey Registrar has been obtained to the 
circulation of the Base Prospectus as required by the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended.  Accordingly, the Dealer has undertaken that it will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Certificates of a Series or distribute or publish any 
base prospectus, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or 
information in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, 
advertisement or other material may be distributed in or from or published in any country or 
jurisdiction except under circumstances which will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of 
Certificates by it will be made on the same terms. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any 
state securities or "Blue Sky" laws or with any other securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as such terms are used in Regulation S) except in accordance with Regulation S 
or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Issuer has not registered and will not register under the Investment Company Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S. 
The Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates as part of their 
distribution or otherwise within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as such term is used in Regulation S). The Dealer has agreed that, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell Certificates (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of all Certificates in a Series of which such Certificates are a part (the "Distribution 
Compliance Period"), as determined and certified to the Paying Agent by such Dealer, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (except in 
accordance with Regulation S or another exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act), and it will have sent to each affiliate, distributor, dealer or other person 
to which it sells Certificates during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or 
other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms have been prepared by the Issuer for use in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Certificates outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons. This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and/or any Final Terms by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. 
person or to any person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure of any 
of their contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited.

--- Page 101 ---
95411252 
101 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Certificates in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not prior to the consent of 
the Jersey Registrar pursuant to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, 
as amended being obtained and becoming effective, circulated an invitation to acquire or 
apply for any Certificates in circumstances where such invitation constitutes or may 
constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended 
or the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of S.I. No. 375 of 2017 of 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 
(as amended, the "MiFID Regulations"), including any codes of conduct or 
rules made under the MiFID Regulations, and any conditions or 
requirements, other enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank 
of Ireland, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as 
amended); 
(ii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014, 
the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice 
made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) and 
any regulations issued under Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and 
Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended);

--- Page 102 ---
95411252 
102 
 
(iii) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in 
Ireland in respect of, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 or any delegated or implementing acts relating 
thereto and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019) of Ireland 
(as amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market Conduct) Rules 2019 
and any rules issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") 
under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(iv) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in 
Ireland in respect of, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as 
amended), the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended) and 
any rules issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act 2014. 
Germany 
The Certificates may only be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the 
Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) of June 22, 2005, as 
amended from time to time, or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that the Certificates have not been and will not be 
offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany 
other than in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities 
Prospectus Act or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal Republic of 
Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any accompanying Prospectus Supplement nor any other 
offer document in relation to the Certificates have been approved by the German Federal 
Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
("BaFin")) nor have they been notified to BaFin by any competent authority in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"); and

--- Page 103 ---
95411252 
103 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Certificates.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor"  means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Certificates.  
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in respect of any Series.

--- Page 104 ---
95411252 
104 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The creation of the Programme and the issue of Certificates thereunder was 
authorised by a resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
28 June 2012. The Programme was updated and amended by a resolution passed by 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 17 September 2021.  
2. 
This Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 17 September 2021. 
3. 
All other authorisations, consents and approvals required to be obtained by the Issuer 
for, or in connection with, the creation of the Programme and issue of the Series of 
Certificates, the execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the obligations 
expressed to be undertaken by it under the Relevant Agreements to which it is a 
party and the distribution of this Base Prospectus have been (or will, prior to the Issue 
Date, be) obtained and are in full force and effect. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer 
and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since its latest audited financial statements dated as at 31 December 2020. 
5. 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, litigation or arbitration proceedings 
during the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability, nor is the Issuer 
aware of any such proceedings being pending or threatened. 
6. 
For so long as Certificates may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, 
electronic copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on 
Morgan Stanley’s website (https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents): 
(a) 
the Issuer’s constitutive documents; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(c) 
the annual accounts of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
The information on the website https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents does 
not form part of the Prospectus unless such information has been incorporated by 
reference into the Prospectus. 
7. 
For so long as Certificates may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and, in 
respect of item (iv) below only, for so long as the relevant listed Certificate is 
outstanding, copies of the (i) the Agency Agreement, (ii) the Dealer Agreement, (iii) 
the other Relevant Agreements relating to the issue of the Certificates or other 
relevant public documentation relating to the Collateral (if any) and (iv) such other 
documents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which any 
Certificate is at the relevant time listed, will be made available in electronic form for 
inspection free of charge during usual business hours on any day (except Saturdays, 
Sundays and legal holidays) at the office of the Paying Agent (save that the 
documents referred to in (i) to (iii) above will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of a Certificate of the relevant Series and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and Paying Agent, as to its holding of Certificates and 
identity).

--- Page 105 ---
95411252 
105 
 
8. 
As long as any Certificates are listed on Euronext Dublin and traded on the 
Regulated Market, any financial statements of the Issuer which are published will be 
made available at the offices of the Paying Agent as soon as they are published.  The 
Issuer does not prepare interim accounts. 
9. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
10. 
The Issuer intends that some Series of Certificates will be accepted for clearance 
through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems.  The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) (if any) for each Series of 
Certificates will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
11. 
For the purposes of any Series issued under the Programme to be consolidated to 
form a single Series with Certificates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date, the following documents (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) are incorporated by reference in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus (as applicable): 
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 48 to 68 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
29 
June 
2012 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_100465f9-a06d-
4e6e-ba71-3252de6f4d00.PDF); 
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 39 to 61 of the 
base prospectus dated 12 February 2014 (available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ff4c8322-b9fa-4d3e-a9dc-
fe472d667533.PDF) as supplemented by the supplement dated 1 April 2014 
(available at http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_18bf1759-c768-
45e9-be97-d19ee05dc1ed.PDF), 
9 
June 
2014 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1828105b-a13c-4e07-b293-
cf9f7c4cb0e2.PDF) 
and 
10 
July 
2014 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_13cee7b2-150e-4d86-8e63-
46e70d1cf5ad.PDF) respectively, to the base prospectus; 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 42 to 67 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
24 
June 
2015 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6eaae143-0005-
4c22-920a-3baadc378eb8.PDF) as supplemented by the supplement dated 
31 
July 
2015 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Supplement_4f1f7ab8-6106-
4449-be82-0f1b1f29841f.pdf) 
and 
4 
August 
2015 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f8b80abc-66ff-41be-b650-
bad25e8e07ed.PDF) respectively, to the base prospectus; 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 44 to 72 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
April 
2017 
(available 
at 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_4b9724a4-0898-
4f4d-bb14-74749102b50a.PDF);  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 44 to 73 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
14 
June 
2018 
(available 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_648879ad-0993-
4946-8649-047fa5806fcb.PDF);  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 46 to 77 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
10 
July 
2019 
(available 
at

--- Page 106 ---
95411252 
106 
 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_182fc007-9a38-
43f0-b374-4ab02232ee7d.PDF); and 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 54 to 77 of the 
base prospectus dated 30 July 2020 (available at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_96318bf9-2029-4d0c-9950-
0818454eca9b.PDF).  
12. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Certificates that are listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated market will be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).

--- Page 107 ---
95411252 
107 
 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issue of Series of 
Certificates. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA . Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market  
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target

--- Page 108 ---
95411252 
108 
 
market for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Weser Capital Limited 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF CERTIFICATES] 
under the 
Certificates Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2021 [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation").  [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Certificates described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]]1. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] 
[are] available for viewing at https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin [[and] 
during normal business hours at [●]] [and copies may be obtained from [●]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the relevant Certificates are to be 
consolidated to form a single Series with Certificates issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the "Conditions") contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated 
29 June 2012 as amended from time to time and set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 27 September 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 27 September 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [29 June 2012] [12 
 
1  Include for certificates listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other EU regulated market 
only.

--- Page 109 ---
95411252 
109 
 
February 2014] [24 June 2015] [4 April 2017] [14 June 2018] [10 July 2019] [30 July 
2020] and [                     ] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [29 
June 2012] [12 February 2014] [24 June 2015] [4 April 2017] [14 June 2018] [10 July 
2019] [30 July 2020] and [27 September 2021] [and the supplements to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and 
copies may be obtained from [address].]

--- Page 110 ---
95411252 
110 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note 
that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is 
indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Certificates issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the 
following terms (such terms, the "Final Terms") in relation to the Certificates. 
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and 
should be deleted prior to completing these Final Terms.] 
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.) 
1 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[The 
Certificates 
are 
to 
be 
consolidated and form a single series with 
[●]]
2
Issue Date:
[●]
3
Trade Date:
[●]
4 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify either:  
[Fixed Maturity Date: [specify date]] 
Or  
[Scheduled Maturity Date: [specify date]]
5
Specified Currency
[US$]/[specify]
6 
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount of 
Certificates to be issued as at the 
Issue Date:
[●] 
7 
Issue 
Price 
(face 
value) 
per 
Certificate:
[US$][●] 
8 
Maximum number of Certificates in 
the Series on the Issue Date:
[●] 
9 
Purchase Price (amount payable at 
Issue Date) per Certificate:
[●] 
10 
Dealer 
purchase 
price
(at Issue Date):
[Item 7 x item 8] 
11 
Number 
of 
Certificates 
to 
be 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer 
(at Issue Date):
[●] 
12 
Issuer repurchase price (purchase 
price of the Custodian Certificates)
(at Issue Date):
[Item 10 x item 8] 
13
Trading method:
Unit
14
Date Board approval for issuance of 
[●]

--- Page 111 ---
95411252 
111 
 
Certificates obtained: 
15
Status of the Certificates:
[Secured]/[Unsecured]
16
(A)
[If Secured]:
Mortgaged Property:
Shares/Swaps/MS Certificates
 
[(i) Collateral – Shares  
The Shares shall comprise a number of 
shares or units, as applicable, in the 
Company 
equal 
in 
value 
to 
the 
aggregate 
nominal 
amount 
of 
Certificates in issue on any date and 
not 
otherwise 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer and held by the Certificate 
Custodian, less the number of shares or 
units, 
as 
applicable, 
redeemed 
to 
crystalize Transaction Fees.]
Company:
[Name]
 
 
Asset: 
[Shares 
in 
the 
Company] 
/ 
[specify 
other 
interests, 
membership 
interests 
or 
securities 
in 
the 
Company]
Address:
[●]
 
 
Country 
of 
Incorporation:
[●] 
Governing Law:
[●]
 
 
Significant 
Business Activities 
of the Company:
[●] 
 
 
Expiry/Maturity 
Date (if applicable):
[●] 
 
 
Admitted to trading 
on 
the 
following 
markets: 
[Regulated market, 
equivalent 
third 
country market or 
SME growth market 
– for any issuances 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation]
 
 
Custody 
Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / 
[Applicable] 
 
If applicable:

--- Page 112 ---
95411252 
112 
 
 
[The 
custody 
agreement 
made 
between, 
among 
others, 
the 
Custodian and the 
Issuer on [date].] 
 
[The Shares will be 
held in a securities 
account maintained 
by or on behalf of 
the Custodian in 
accordance 
with 
the terms of the 
Custody 
Agreement.] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral - Cash Account 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the 
[Cash Account Agreement dated [date]] / 
[Custody Agreement].] 
[Initial 
Cash 
Account 
Amount: 
[zero/specify amount]] 
 
(iii) Collateral - Other 
Issuer's rights, title and interest under the 
(i) Agency Agreement (to the extent that 
such rights relate to sums held to meet 
payments 
due 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Certificates); [(ii) Custody Agreement;] 
and (iii) any agreement by which the 
Issuer purchases the Shares and/or the 
Swap.]
(B)
[If Unsecured]:
Unsecured Series Property:
Shares/Swaps/MS Certificates
 
[(i) Underlying 
Assets 
– 
Shares 
The Shares shall comprise a number of 
shares or units, as applicable, in the 
Company 
equal 
in 
value 
to 
the 
aggregate 
nominal 
amount 
of 
Certificates in issue on any date and 
not 
otherwise 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer and held by the Certificate 
Custodian, less the number of shares or 
units, 
as 
applicable, 
redeemed 
to 
crystalize Transaction Fees.]
Company:
[Name]

--- Page 113 ---
95411252 
113 
 
 
 
Asset: 
[Shares 
in 
the 
Company] 
/ 
[specify 
other 
interests, 
membership 
interests 
or 
securities 
in 
the 
Company]
Address:
[●]
 
 
Country 
of 
Incorporation:
[●] 
Governing Law:
[●]
 
 
Significant 
Business Activities 
of the Company:
[●] 
 
 
Expiry/Maturity 
Date (if applicable):
[●] 
 
 
Admitted to trading 
on 
the 
following 
markets: 
[Regulated market, 
equivalent 
third 
country market or 
SME growth market 
– for any issuances 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation]
 
For issuances under the 
Prospectus Regulation for both 
Secured Certificates and 
Unsecured Certificates the 
following disclosure is required: 
Description of the 
market on which 
the 
Shares 
are 
traded:  
[EU 
regulated 
market, equivalent 
third 
country 
market 
or 
SME 
growth market] 
 
 
Date 
of 
establishment 
of 
the market:
[●] 
 
 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published:
[●] 
 
 
Indication of Daily 
Trading Volumes:
[●] 
 
 
Information as to 
the standing of the 
market 
in 
the 
country:
[●] 
 
 
Frequency 
with 
which prices are 
published:
[●]

--- Page 114 ---
95411252 
114 
 
 
 
The name of the 
markets regulatory 
authority:
[●] 
 
 
[Documentation: 
[Insert 
electronic 
link to where the 
documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Shares 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
regulated 
or 
equivalent 
third 
country market or 
SME 
Growth 
Market]] 
 
 
 
Custody 
Agreement: 
[Not applicable] / 
[Applicable] 
 
If applicable: 
 
[The 
custody 
agreement 
made 
between, 
among 
others, 
the 
Custodian and the 
Issuer on [date].] 
 
[The Shares will be 
held in a securities 
account maintained 
by or on behalf of 
the Custodian in 
accordance 
with 
the terms of the 
Custody 
Agreement.] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Assets - Cash 
Account 
[Not applicable] / [Applicable] 
If applicable: 
[Cash Account opened pursuant to the 
[Cash Account Agreement dated [date]] / 
[Custody Agreement].] 
[Initial 
Cash 
Account 
Amount: 
[zero/specify amount]] 
17
Net asset value of the Shares:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 115 ---
95411252 
115 
 
18 
Issuer has the right to redeem 
Certificates in its sole discretion:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
19
Agents:
(i)
Calculation Agent:
[Specify name and address]
(ii) Paying Agent:
[Specify name and address]
[(iii) Additional Paying Agent(s):]
[Specify name and address]
(iv) Registrar:
[Specify name and address]
(v) Transfer Agent(s):
[Specify name and address]
 
(vi) Cash Account Bank (if 
applicable): 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One 
Canada 
Square
London E14 5AL]
 
(vii) Certificate Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA
 
(viii) Custodian (if applicable): 
[Not applicable] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon London 
Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL]
20 
[Transaction Fees] 
[Specify [Method A] / [Method B] / 
[Method C] / [Method D] / [Method E]] 
[If Method B, specify: 
 
Fee percentage: [ ] %] 
[If Method C, specify: 
 
Fee percentage: [ ] % 
 
Minimum Fee Amount: [amount] / 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
Periodic Basis: [e.g., daily /  
 
weekly / monthly] 
 
Frequency 
of 
Payment 
of 
Transaction Fees: [first year only] / 
[yearly]] 
[If Method D, specify: 
 
[Other method] – 
Note only 
 
applicable for unlisted Series] 
[If Method E, specify: 
 
Fee percentage: [ ] % 
 
Periodic Basis: [e.g., daily /  
 
weekly / monthly] 
Frequency of Payment of Transaction

--- Page 116 ---
95411252 
116 
 
Fees: [first year only] / [yearly]]
DISTRIBUTION
21 
Certificates 
cleared 
through 
a 
clearing system
[Not 
Applicable]/[Specify 
clearing 
systems]
22 
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
consequences: 
[The Certificates are [not] Specified 
Certificates for the purposes of Section 
871(m).] (The Certificates will not be 
Specified Certificates if they do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure 
to 
U.S. 
equities. 
If 
the 
Certificates reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further 
analysis will be required) [Based on 
market conditions on the date of these 
Final Terms, the Issuer has made a 
preliminary 
determination 
that 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[not] 
Specified 
Certificates for purposes of Section 
871(m). 
This 
is 
a 
preliminary 
determination only that is subject to 
change based on market conditions on 
the Issue Date. If the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give 
notice of such determination.]
SWAPS
23 
Exposure to Shares referenced in 
item 15 obtained by use of a swap
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
MS CERTIFICATES
24 
Exposure to Shares referenced in 
item 15 obtained by subscription for 
MS Certificates
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
OTHER TERMS
25 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
26
Principal Financial Centre
[●]
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to 
trading on the [specify relevant regulated market] of the Certificates described herein 
pursuant to the Weser Capital Limited Certificate Programme of 27 September 2021. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
95411252 
117 
 
[[Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 118 ---
95411252 
118 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING
(i)
Listing:
[Euronext Dublin] [specify] [None]
 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the 
Issuer 
(or 
on 
its 
behalf) 
for 
the 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin on its regulated market 
with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
its regulated market with effect from [●].]  
[Not applicable.]
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses [●] 
related to admission to trading:
[●] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Certificates has an 
interest material to the offer."] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether 
such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation.)]
[ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS]
[Estimated net proceeds:
[●]]
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Delivery:
Delivery [against][free of] payment
ISIN Code
[●]

--- Page 119 ---
95411252 
 
APPENDIX I: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

--- Page 120 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Report and Audited Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2019

--- Page 121 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Directors' report
2-3
Independent Auditor's Report
4-7
Statement of Financial Position
8
Statement of Comprehensive Income
9
Statement of Changes in Equity
10
Statement of Cash Flows
11
Notes to the Financial Statements
12-20
1
CONTENTS PAGE

--- Page 122 ---
Weser Capital Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT
For the year ended 31 December 2019
INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
DIRECTORS
M Newton (appointed 12 March 2019)
S Conroy
COMPANY SECRETARY
-
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
-
- 
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the Company, other than bank
charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges. The
Directors have no reason to believe that Morgan Stanley will not honour this agreement for the foreseeable future and note that this agreement has been
in place for a number of years and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it. Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that
Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus.
The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial assets. The Directors
have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.
GOING CONCERN
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:
S M Rayson who was appointed as a Director on 15 May 2015, resigned on 12 March 2019.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
The results for the year are set out on page 9. The Directors did not recommend any dividends for the year (2018: US$ nil).
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present fairly, for each financial period, the
Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the faithful representation of the effects of transactions, other events
and conditions in accordance with the definitions and recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, income and expenses set out in the International
Accounting Standards Board's 'Framework for the preparation and presentation of financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation
will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs. However, the Directors are also required to: 
The Directors are responsible for preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Subfund will continue in business.
Companies Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
Company and of the Company's surplus or deficit for that period. In preparing these financial statements the Directors should;
The Directors present their Report, together with the audited financial statements of Weser Capital Limited (the "Company"), for the year ended 31 
December 2019.
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial statements comply with the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other
irregularities.
The Directors confirm that they have complied with the above requirements in preparing these audited financial statements.
The Directors confirm that so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information, of which the Company’s auditor is unaware and they have
taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the
Company’s auditor is aware of this information. 
2
The Company was incorporated as a public company on 29 May 2012. The principal activity of the Company is to issue secured and unsecured
Certificates (together "the Certificates") under the terms of a US$50,000,000,000 Certificate Programme (increased from US$30,000,000,000 on 13 June
2019). The Certificates will be issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range
of trading Programmes. There were two new series of certificates ("Series 17" and "Series 19" ) issued during the year.
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is Crestbridge Corporate Services
Limited.
The Independent Auditor Deloitte resigned on 6 December 2019. Subsequently Grant Thornton Limited, were appointed as the Independent Auditor on 6
December 2019. Accordingly a resolution to reappoint Grant Thornton Limited was approved at the Directors Meeting on the date of this report.

--- Page 123 ---
Weser Capital Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Approved by the Board of Directors
and signed on behalf of the Board
Date: 
Registered Office
Secretary
Jersey
JE1 0BD
St Helier
3
47 Esplanade
30 July 2020
on 28 July 2020

--- Page 124 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT  
TO THE MEMBERS OF WESER CAPITAL LIMITED  
 
 
Opinion 
Our opinion on the financial statements is unmodified 
We have audited the financial statements of Weser Capital Limited (the ‘Company’) for the year ended 31 
December 2019 which comprise the Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Comprehensive Income, 
Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows and notes to the financial statements, including 
a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in 
their preparation is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements: 
• 
give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2019 and of the 
Company’s income for the year then ended; 
• 
are in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and 
• 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. 
  
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs 
(UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial 
statements in Jersey, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the annual report, in 
relation to which the ISAs (UK) require us to report to you where: 
• 
the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the company financial 
statements is not appropriate; or 
• 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that 
may cast significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of 
accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial statements are 
authorised for issue. 
 
 
Emphasis of matter 
We draw attention to Note 12 of the financial statements, which describes the effects of COVID-19 
outbreak on the Company’s operations.  Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.  
 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of 
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those that 
had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing 
the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. 
4

--- Page 125 ---
Key Audit Matter  
How the matter was addressed in 
the audit  
Investments maybe materially 
misstated due to incorrect 
valuation.  
 
Investments comprise of positions 
leveraged products that hold investments in 
a range of trading programmes. The fair 
value of investments (financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss) is based on the 
price of the underlying leveraged products. 
The fair value may therefore be misstated 
due to intentional manipulation of the 
underlying products valuations or incorrect 
recording of the listed securities price.  
  
Our audit work included, but was not 
restricted to:  
• review of the Company’s accounting 
policies to confirm their compliance 
with IFRS requirements; 
• tracing samples of additions and 
disposals during the year to the relevant 
valid deal tickets to confirm their 
occurrence and accuracy; 
• reconciling units held under each series 
as 
at 
31 
December 
2019 
to 
confirmations 
received 
from 
independent custodians; 
• recalculating the fair value as at 31 
December 2019 using the closing prices 
and units confirmed by independent 
custodians; and  
• reviewing the signed financial statements 
of the underlying investments to confirm 
that fair values were accurately recorded. 
 
The Company's accounting policy on 
financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss is shown in note 2 and related 
disclosures are included in note 4.  
  
Key observations 
No misstatements were identified from the 
work performed. 
 
 
Our application of materiality 
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We 
use materiality in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit work and in evaluating the results 
of that work.  
 
Materiality was determined as follows: 
 
Materiality measure 
Company 
Financial statements as a whole 
$1,432,000 which is 2% of total assets. This benchmark 
is considered the most appropriate because certificate 
holders consider total assets value to be the main key 
performance indicator. 
 
Performance materiality used to 
drive the extent of our testing 
60% of financial statement materiality 
 
 
 
5

--- Page 126 ---
The graph below illustrates how performance materiality interacts with our overall materiality and the 
tolerance for potential uncorrected misstatements. 
 
An overview of the scope of our audit 
Our audit approach was based on a thorough understanding of the Company's business and is risk based, 
and in particular included:  
• 
assessment of the controls designed and implemented by the administrator to ensure that information 
being recorded in the Company is valid, complete and accurate; and 
• 
understanding the investments cycle and performing the relevant substantive procedures on fair value 
movement and the fair value as at 31 December 2019.  
 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent 
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In 
connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we 
identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine 
whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other 
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: 
• 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company; or 
• 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records; or 
• 
we have not obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief, are necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 
 
 
40%
60%
Overall materiality 
Tolerance for potential
uncorrected mistatements
Performance materiality
6

--- Page 127 ---
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 2, the directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements which give a true and fair view in accordance 
with IFRSs, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. 
 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements. 
 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
Financial Reporting Council’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms 
part of our auditor’s report. 
Use of our report 
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Article 113A of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s 
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
Company and the Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions 
we have formed. 
 
 
 
 
Alexander R. Langley 
For and on behalf of Grant Thornton Limited 
Chartered Accountants 
St Helier 
Jersey 
 
30 July 2020
7

--- Page 128 ---
Weser Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2019
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
Assets
US$
US$
Non-Current Assets
4
71,571,034
        
98,787,602
       
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
26,457
               
25,249
              
26,457
               
25,249
              
Total Assets
71,597,491
        
98,812,851
       
Equity
Capital and Reserves Attributable to the Equity
Holders of the Company
Share capital
5
3
                        
3
                      
Accumulated reserves
26,454
               
20,658
              
Total Equity
26,457
               
20,661
              
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
6
71,571,034
        
98,787,602
       
Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables
7
-
                         
4,588
                
Total Liabilities
71,571,034
        
98,792,190
       
Total Equity and Liabilities
71,597,491
        
98,812,851
       
Director
The notes on page 12 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.
8
These audited financial statements on pages 8 to 20 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on                           , and were 
signed on its behalf by:
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
28 July 2020
30 July 2020

--- Page 129 ---
Weser Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2019
1-Jan-19
1-Jan-18
to
to
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Income
Other income
9,836
                 
-
                       
Bank interest income
-
                         
147
                   
Foreign exchange gain
2
                        
-
                       
Fair value gain on financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss
6
19,346,744
        
4,861,218
         
19,356,582
        
4,861,365
         
Expenses
Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
4
19,346,744
        
4,861,218
         
Management fees
-
                         
-
                       
Bank charges 
3,485
                 
2,463
                
Foreign exchange loss
557
                    
276
                   
19,350,786
        
4,863,957
         
5,796
                 
(2,592)
              
Other comprehensive income
-
                         
-
                       
Total Comprehensive (Loss)/Income
attributable to Equity Holders of the Company
5,796
                 
(2,592)
              
profit/(Loss) for the year
The notes on page 12 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.
9
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations.

--- Page 130 ---
Weser Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Share 
Accumulated
Capital
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
As at 1 January 2019
3
                            
20,658
               
20,661
              
Profit and total comprehensive loss for the year
-
                            
5,796
                 
5,796
                
As at 31 December 2019
3
                            
26,454
               
26,457
              
Share 
Accumulated
Capital
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
As at 1 January 2018
3
                            
23,250
               
23,253
              
Profit and total comprehensive loss for the year
-
                            
(2,592)
                
(2,592)
              
As at 31 December 2018
3
                            
20,658
               
20,661
              
10
The notes on page 12 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 131 ---
Weser Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit/(Loss) for the year
5,796
                 
(2,592)
              
6
(24,480,508)
       
4,493,451
         
4
24,480,508
        
(4,493,451)
        
Decrease in payables
(4,588)
                
(213)
                 
1,208
                 
(2,805)
              
Purchase of investments
(23,715,986)
       
(28,965,296)
      
Sale of investments
26,452,045
        
34,077,610
       
Net cash inflow from investing activities
2,736,059
          
5,112,314
         
Cash flows from financing activities
Issue of Certificates
23,715,986
        
28,965,296
       
Redemption of Certificates
(26,452,045)
       
(34,077,610)
      
Net cash outflow from financing activities
(2,736,059)
         
(5,112,314)
        
Increase/(Decrease)in cash and cash equivalents
1,208
                 
(2,805)
              
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
25,249
               
28,054
              
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
26,457
               
25,249
              
11
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss
The notes on page 12 to 20 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss
Cash flows from investing activities

--- Page 132 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
1
GENERAL INFORMATION
Series Name: 
Cayman Islands
Ireland
Cayman Islands
Cayman Islands
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards
1 January 2020
Amendments to IFRS 3 – Definition of a Business
1 January 2020
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Oct 2018) – Definition of Material
1 January 2020
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (CONTINUED)
Four series of Certificates were in issue at the year end and provide indirect access to the following Programmes:
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited (series 6)
12
The Company's principal place of business is at 47 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD. The Company was incorporated on 29 May 2012 under
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The principal activity of the Company is to issue secured and unsecured Certificates (together "the Certificates")
under the terms of a US$50,000,000,000 Certificate Programmes ("the Programme") (increased from US$30,000,000,000 on 13 June 2019). The
Certificates will be issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of
trading Programmes. 
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited (series 9)
MSP (Europe) I Limited (series 17)
Two Trees (Capital) Limited (series 19)
Quantica Capital (Cayman) Fund was fully redeemed in the year.
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the Company, other than bank
charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges.
The Directors have no reason to believe that Morgan Stanley will not honour this agreement for the foreseeable future and note that this agreement
has been in place for a number of years and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it. Also, the Directors have no reason to
believe that Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the outbreak of the
COVID-19 Virus. The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial
assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.
Basis of accounting
The Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories:
The classification depends on the Company’s business model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual terms of the cash flows.
Financial instruments
Principal Country of Operation
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVTPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI"),
gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive income ("OCI") respectively. For investments in equity
instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
to account for the equity investment at FVOCI. No such irrevocable election has been made.
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by
the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB").
Standards issued but not yet effective up to the reporting date of the audited financial statements are listed below:
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the years presented in dealing with items which are considered to be
material in relation to the Company's audited financial statements (the "financial statements").
These audited financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis, except for financial assets and liabilities designated at Fair Value
Through Profit or Loss ('FVTPL') which have all been measured at fair value. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollars
("US$").
Statement of compliance
Going concern
1.1  Classification
For annual periods commencing on:
The evaluation of the impact on the financial statements in respect of the: disclosures; classification; and, measurement on adoption of the
standards in issue but not yet effective has not been finalised and is currently being assessed by the Directors.
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
•  those to be measured subsequently at fair value; and
•  those to be measured at amortised cost.

--- Page 133 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (CONTINUED)
1.4  Impairment
1.5  Derecognition
Cash and cash equivalents
Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the Company operates. The financial
statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Company’s management has elected to present fair value
gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company’s
right to receive payments is established. No such irrevocable election has been made.
Functional and presentation currency
•  FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is
subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
13
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument
and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair value through profit or loss which are measured
initially at fair value. 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in fair value gains/(losses) in the Statement of Comprehensive Income as
applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other
changes in fair value. 
The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and
FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. 
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised
from initial recognition of the receivables.
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when the financial asset and
substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.
Gains and losses on sales are calculated on an average cost basis.
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative financial instruments or financial
liabilities that are held for trading i.e. the Certificates, which are classified as FVTPL. The FVTPL option can also be irrevocably elected at initial
recognition of financial liabilities, if it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch, the financial liability is part of a portfolio that is
managed and evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or there is an embedded
derivative in the financial or non-financial host contract and the derivative is not closely related to the host contract.
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the company’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics
of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Company classifies its debt instruments: 
•  Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate
method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign
exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
1.3  Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities
Debt instruments
1.2  Recognition and initial measurement
Financial assets
Financial liabilities
Equity instruments
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and
cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less.

--- Page 134 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES - (CONTINUED)
Share Capital
Expenses
Revenue
3
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS
Critical accounting judgements
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by the Company are recorded
at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and consequently are not
recognised in these financial statements.
Items included in the audited financial statements are measured and presented in United States Dollar, reflective of the primary economic
environment in which it operates (the "functional currency").
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign
exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at period end exchange rates of monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2018: 0%).
Taxation
Revenue has been recognised as and when it falls due to the Company. The Company is entitled to transaction fees of US$750 for each series of
Certificates issued during the year.  In addition, income is received by the Company from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges.
The Company held four series of Certificates as at the year-end. The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the
underlying investments detailed in note 4. The investments are listed on Euronext Dublin.
14
Key sources of estimation 
Valuation of Certificates
Capital risk management
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at fair value through profit or loss which is equivalent to the available quoted price of the
underlying investment in the market. The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently re-measured at fair value through profit
or loss based on the last traded price of the underlying investment. Profits and losses on sales are accounted for on a trade date basis and taken to
the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
Foreign currency
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the preparation of these financial
statements. 
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net Asset Valuation calculations.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual basis depending on the nature of the investment. Fair
value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on market conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall
under Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The
Directors consider there to be no other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
When managing capital, the Company’s objectives is to safeguard the its ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. The Company aims to deliver these objectives by aiming to achieve consistent returns from its
assets, maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet the expenses of the Company. Currently, there are no externally imposed capital requirements.

--- Page 135 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
4
Summary as at 31 December 2019
Investment Programmes
Cost
Purchases
Sales
Unrealised Fair 
Value B/f
Current Year 
Unrealised 
Movement
Fair value 
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$ 
1-Jan-2019
1-Jan-2019
31-Dec-2019
("Series 6")
12,770,522
6,720,986
(14,621,156)
4,870,352
(2,315,645)
2,516,806
5,071,513
         
("Series 9")
58,475,265
     
14,000,000
        
-
                        
72,475,265
        
18,136,792
            
(26,443,838)
       
64,168,219
       
("Series 10")
11,830,889
-
                    
(11,830,889)
-
                     
(110,222)
110,222
             
-
                   
("Series 17")
-
                 
700,000
            
-
                    
700,000
             
-
                         
(393,719)
            
306,281
            
-
                    
("Series 19")
-
                 
2,295,000
          
-
                    
2,295,000
          
-
                         
(269,979)
            
2,025,021
         
83,076,676
23,715,986
(26,452,045)
80,340,617
15,710,925
(24,480,509)
71,571,034
Realised gain on cost
5,133,764
         
Unrealised fair value movement
(24,480,508)
      
(19,346,744)
      
Summary as at 31 December 2018
Investment Programmes
Cost
Purchases
Sales
Unrealised Fair 
Value B/f
Current Year 
Unrealised 
Movement
Fair value 
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$
US$ 
1-Jan-2018
1-Jan-2018
31-Dec-2018
("Series 13")
3,176,531
       
2,075,000
          
(5,251,531)
        
-
                     
953,786
                 
(953,786)
            
-
                   
("Series 6")
17,501,801
     
11,390,296
        
(16,121,575)
      
12,770,522
        
(3,162,893)
             
847,247
             
10,454,876
       
("Series 9")
58,475,265
     
-
                    
-
                    
58,475,265
        
18,032,032
            
104,761
             
76,612,058
       
("Series 10")
9,403,160
       
10,500,000
        
(8,072,271)
        
11,830,889
        
4,381,452
              
(4,491,673)
         
11,720,668
       
-
                 
5,000,000
          
(5,000,000)
        
-
                     
-
                         
-
                     
-
                   
88,556,757
28,965,296
(34,445,377)
83,076,676
20,204,377
(4,493,451)
98,787,602
Realised gain on cost
(367,767)
           
Unrealised fair value movement
(4,493,451)
        
(4,861,218)
        
E2 WNTN Trade Co-Diversified Fund
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited
15
Cost C/f
Two Trees (Cayman) Fund Limited
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Quantica Capital Cayman Fund
MSP (Europe) 1 Limited
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Cost C/f
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Quantica Capital Cayman Fund
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
The Company used the proceeds of each issue of Certificates or notes detailed in note 6 to acquire interest units in a variety of Investment 
Programmes. Series 6,9,10,13,17,19 Investment Programmes included Ireland and Cayman Islands Limited Liability Companies and the units are 
listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. The Investment Programmes provide exposure to leveraged derivative instruments and are held for capital 
appreciation.
A&Q Risk Premia 
Select Limited

--- Page 136 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
5
SHARE CAPITAL
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
Authorised
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each
10,000
               
10,000
              
Allotted, called up and fully paid
US$
US$
2 ordinary shares of £1 each
3
                        
3
                      
6
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Summary as at 31 December 2019
Number of 
Certificates in 
Issue
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates
Number of 
unsubscribed 
Certificates
Cost of 
Certificates
Price of 
Certificates
Fair Value of 
certificates
Series
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
 US$ 
 US$ 
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
      
6,317,941
493,682,059
       
              4,870,352 
0.802711
         5,071,481 
Series 9 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
106,063,156
893,936,844
       
            72,475,265 
0.605000
       64,168,209 
Series 17 Certificates
500,000,000
      
2,784,371
497,215,629
       
                 700,000 
0.110000
            306,281 
Series 19 Certificates
500,000,000
      
2,209,295
497,790,705
       
              2,295,000 
0.916595
         2,025,029 
2,500,000,000
   
117,374,763
      
2,382,625,237
    
80,340,617
            
71,571,034
       
Realised loss on cost
(5,133,764)
        
Unrealised fair value movement
24,480,508
       
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
19,346,744
       
Summary as at 31 December 2018
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount of 
Certificates in 
Series
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates
Number of 
unsubscribed 
Certificates
Cost of 
Certificates
Price of 
Certificates
Fair Value of 
certificates
Series
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
 US$ 
 US$ 
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
19,568,232
480,431,768
            12,770,522 
0.534278
10,454,876
Series 9 Certificates
1,000,000,000
80,584,892
919,415,108
            58,475,265 
0.950700
76,612,058
Series 10 Certificates
1,000,000,000
15,640,069
984,359,931
            11,830,889 
0.749400
11,720,668
2,500,000,000
   
115,793,193
      
2,384,206,807
    
83,076,676
            
98,787,602
       
Realised gain on cost
367,767
            
Unrealised fair value movement
4,493,451
         
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
4,861,218
         
On incorporation 2 ordinary shares were issued and fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000 : US $ 1.33
The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income.
16
The Company may issue up to US$50,000,000,000 secured and unsecured Certificates under the terms of the Certificate Programme dated 29 June
2012. All series currently in issue are unsecured and asset backed. At the year end the Company had four Series of Certificates in issue under the
Programme, one with a nominal value of US$1,000,000,000, three with a nominal value of US$500,000,000. Details of the four Series of Certificates
in issue are as follows:
The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The Certificates are limited
recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate holders shall have no rights or claims against any other assets or future series of the
Certificates issued by the Company.

--- Page 137 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
6
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS - (CONTINUED)
7
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Other payables
4,588
                
Accrued management fees
-
                     
-
                   
-
                     
4,588
                
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
(a) Liquidity risk
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
26,457
               
-
                         
-
                     
26,457
              
Non-current assets
-
                   
Investment portfolio
-
                   
71,571,034
            
-
                     
71,571,034
       
                26,457             71,571,034 
-
                     
       71,597,491 
The following table details the Company's liquidity analysis for its financial assets and liabilities.
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$2,382,625,237 remains available for issue under the Certificate Programme dated 29 June
2012.
The amount of the Company’s obligations in respect of the Certificates or Notes are dependent on the performance of the underlying investment in
the interest units of the Investment Programme that each of the Certificates or Notes are exposed to, which will in turn determine the amounts repaid
to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not capital protected and therefore any negative performance of interest units in each
underlying investment Programme will be reflected in the redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates. The
Certificates can be redeemed at any time. 
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholders rights and no duty to cover losses.
As per the Prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, where appointed as the Calculation Agent, will determine the termination amount,
liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as the case may be.
17
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, price risk, cash flow risk and interest rate risk),
capital management risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The financial risks relate to the following financial instruments: financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The accounting
policies with respect to these financial instruments are described in note 2. The Company’s risk management policies employed to manage these
risks are discussed below.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk of not being able to meet
its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investment interest detailed in note 4 of are highly liquid and the repayment profile of the
Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the liquidity profile of the investments which are publicly traded.
The financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss have been recognised on the statement of financial position as non-current liabilities based
on their expected maturity. However, the certificates can be redeemed early at the option of the certificate holders and have therefore been
classified as current liabilities for the purposes of this note.
Financial assets at FVTPL
All the expenses of the Company, other than bank charges and management fees, are paid by Morgan Stanley who have provided funds to cover
any bank charges. Any funds remaining in the bank account following the settlement of all liabilities and payment of dividends will then be transferred
back to Morgan Stanley on dissolution of the Company.

--- Page 138 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Liquidity Risk (continued)
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
-
                     
71,571,034
            
-
                     
71,571,034
       
-
                     
            71,571,034 
-
                     
       71,571,034 
As at 31 December 2018
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
25,249
               
-
                         
-
                     
25,249
              
Non-current assets
Investment portfolio
-
                     
98,787,602
            
-
                     
98,787,602
       
                25,249             98,787,602 
-
                     
       98,812,851 
Liabilities
Trade and other payables
4,588
                 
-
                         
-
                     
4,588
                
Non-current liabilities
-
                     
98,787,602
            
-
                     
98,787,602
       
                  4,588 
98,787,602.00
       
-
                     
       98,792,190 
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Current assets
26,457
               
-
                         
-
                     
26,457
              
Non-current assets
Investment portfolio
71,571,034
            
-
                     
71,571,034
       
                26,457             71,571,034 
-
                     
       71,597,491 
As at 31 December 2018
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
25,249
               
-
                         
-
                     
25,249
              
Non-current assets
Investment portfolio
98,787,602
            
-
                     
98,787,602
       
                25,249             98,787,602 
-
                     
       98,812,851 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
Current liabilities
The Company is subject to the ECL model on its financial assets that are carried at amortised cost. While cash and cash equivalents and receivables are
also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, there were no identified impairment losses. The Subfund is also exposed to credit risk in relation
to financial assets that are measured at FVTPL. The maximum exposure at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of these financial
assets.  Due to the nature of the receivables and that they are not past due, there are no expected credit losses.
The fair value of the Subfund's financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amounts at the year end date. 
Financial assets at FVTPL
(c) Credit risk
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk:
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
(b) Capital management
Financial assets at FVTPL
18
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard the Company's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns
for shareholders and the Certificate holders.
The expenses of the Company are funded by a third party and the Company will issue further Certificates in order to fund further investments. Any
capital requirements are known with some certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is considered necessary. There are no externally imposed
capital requirements.
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the Company. Credit risk is the
potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying Investments, the counterparties to the investments. In
turn the Company is exposed to a potential loss under the Certificates but this is mitigated by way of a charge over the Underlying Investments. The
Directors consider that the Company is not exposed to any material net credit risk as the Certificates issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of
the investments and hence, amounts due to the Certificate holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying Investments.
Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets at FVTPL

--- Page 139 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT - (CONTINUED)
31/12/2019
31/12/2018
31/12/2019
31/12/2018
US$
US$
US$
US$
EUR denominated
21,231
              
24,820
               
-
                     
(4,587)
              
GBP denominated
36
                     
129
                    
-
                     
-
                   
               21,266                 24,949 
-
                     
(4,587)
              
(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
(d) Market Risk
Fair value measurements recognised in the Statement of Financial Position
Assets
The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk as some of the Company's transactions are in currencies other than US Dollars which is the
Company's functional and presentational currency.
The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to GBP and EUR exchanges rate at the reporting date:
For GBP and EUR denominated financial assets and liabilities, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of the asset outstanding at the
reporting date was outstanding for the whole year. A 5% increase or decrease represents the Directors' assessment of a reasonably possible
change in foreign exchange rates.
If the US$ strengthened by 5% against the GBP and EUR and all other variables held constant, the Company's comprehensive income for the year
would have been US$1064.15 higher as a result of foreign exchange losses on translation of GBP and EUR denominated financial assets and
liabilities.
The following table shows the assets and liabilities of the Company which are denominated in a foreign currency:
If the US$ weakened by 5% against the GBP and EUR and all other variables held constant, the Company's comprehensive income for the year
would have been US$1064.15 lower as a result of foreign exchange gains on translation of GBP and EUR denominated financial assets and
liabilities.
Liabilities
19
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market
interest rates.
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market prices (other than those
arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual financial instrument or its
issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate
holders are aware of the risks.
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that
is, derived from prices) (Level 2).
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these investments). Any price
risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates as disclosed in note 6. Therefore the Directors do
not believe the Company is subject to any price risk; though Certificate holders are exposed to price risk.
Inputs for asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3).
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks:
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities.
(iii) Price risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by Level. The Levels are split between three
levels:
(d) Market price risk

--- Page 140 ---
Weser Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
 Level 1 (US$) 
Level 2 (US$)
Level 3 (US$)
-
                         
71,571,034
-
                   
 Level 1 (US$) 
Level 2 (US$)
Level 3 (US$)
-
                         
98,787,602
-
                   
 Level 1 (US$) 
Level 2 (US$)
Level 3 (US$)
-
                         
71,571,034
-
                   
 Level 1 (US$) 
Level 2 (US$)
Level 3 (US$)
98,787,602
-
                   
9
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
10 SEGMENTAL REPORTING
11 IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
12 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
On 7 February 2020,  the Directors approved the Company to enter into a transaction to  issue under the Programme, USD 500,000,000 Certificates 
linked to the shares of RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA Limited an exempt company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As at 
the signing of this report the Company had issued no Certificates.
All liabilities during the year are measured using fair values falling under levels 1, 2 and 3.
There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the year.
31 December 2019
31 December 2018
31 December 2019
31 December 2018
The valuation of the majority of the underlying investments falls under level 2 fair value hierarchy. Although these investments are quoted, they are
not actively traded. The fair values of quoted investments have been derived using observable market data. 
M Newton and S Conroy, Directors of the Company, are senior employees of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") who provide ongoing administrative
services to the Company at normal commercial rates. During the year £60,258 (2018: £104,380) was due to Crestbridge in respect of services of
which £12,657 (2018: nil) was outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third party they have not been recognised in these
financial statements.
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (administrator and company
secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee
for the Company).
20
The Directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one operating segment and that it
operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the Directors with the financial information that is on an aggregated level. As such,
there is no segmental information to disclose.
On 31 March 2017 ExcelEdge Holdings Limited purchased the remaining Share Capital from Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited as Trustee of
Weser Capital Charitable Trust.
The Company's assets and liabilities were classified as follows:
During 2019, COVID-19 disease was first identified in Wuhan, China which has since spread globally resulting in the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
The Directors of the Company are of the opinion that it is not currently possible to determine the impact that the outbreak may have on general
economic conditions globally and it is also not possible to determine the impact that any of the matters outlined above will have on the Company or
any other party involved in transactions with the Company. Although there are uncertainties as explained above, the Directors are of the opinion that
the Company activities maybe adversely affected by the pandemic.
All assets during the year are measured using fair values falling under levels 1, 2 and 3.
(d) Market risk (continued)

--- Page 141 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Annual report and audited financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2020

--- Page 142 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Contents
Page
Directors' Report
2
Independent Auditor's Report
4
Statement of Financial Position
8
Statement of Comprehensive Income
9
Statement of Changes in Equity
10
Statement of Cash Flows
11
Notes to the Financial Statements
12
-1-

--- Page 143 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Directors' Report
The Directors present their Report, together with the audited financial statements of Weser Capital Limited (the
"Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2020.
Incorporation and Principal Activities
The Company was incorporated as a public company on 29 May 2012. The principal activity of the Company is to issue
secured and unsecured Certificates (together "the Certificates") under the terms of a US$50,000,000,000 Certificate
Programme (increased from US$30,000,000,000 on 13 June 2019). The Certificates will be issued in series and will
provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of trading Programmes.
There was one new series of certificates ("Series 20") issued during the year.
Going Concern
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the
Company, other than bank charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is
received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges. The Directors have no reason to believe that Morgan Stanley will not
honour this agreement for the foreseeable future and note that this agreement has been in place for a number of years
and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it.  Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that
Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the
outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus. The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series
is linked to the value for the financial assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going
concern basis.
Results and Dividends
The results for the year are set out in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. The Directors recommended a dividend of
US$2,250 for the year (2019: US$ nil).
Directors
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:
Stuart Conroy
M Newton (resigned 19th March 2021)
T Ridgway (appointed 19th March 2021)
Company Secretary
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is
Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited.
Independent Auditor
The Independent Auditor, Grant Thornton Limited has indicated its willingness to continue in office. Accordingly, a
resolution to reappoint Grant Thornton Limited was approved at the Directors Meeting on the date of this report.
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
The Directors are responsible for preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
Companies Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Company's surplus or deficit for that period.
-2-

--- Page 144 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Directors' Report (continued)
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present
fairly, for each financial period, the Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the
faithful representation of the effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and
recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, income and expenses set out in the International Accounting Standards Board's
'Framework for the preparation and presentation of financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation
will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs. However, the Directors are also required to:
- select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
- make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
- prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will
continue in business.
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time
the financial position of the Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial statements comply with
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for
taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors confirm that they have complied with the above requirements in preparing these audited financial
statements.
The Directors confirm that so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information, of which the Company’s auditor
is unaware and they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of this information. 
Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on behalf of the Board
Secretary
Date: 30 April 2021
Registered Office
47 Esplanade
St Helier
Jersey
JE1 0BD
-3-

--- Page 145 ---
Independent auditor’s report 
To the members of Weser Capital Limited  
 
Opinion 
Our opinion on the financial statements is unmodified 
We have audited the financial statements of Weser Capital Limited (the ‘Company’) for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 which comprise the Statement of Financial Position, 
Statement of Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of 
Cash Flows and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant 
accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their 
preparation is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements: 
 
give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2020 
and of the Company’s profit for the year then ended; 
 
are in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board; and 
 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991. 
  
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) 
and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 
‘Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. We 
are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Jersey, the International Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by 
the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the annual report, in 
relation to which the ISAs require us to report to you where: 
 
the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the 
financial statements is not appropriate; or 
 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material 
uncertainties that may cast significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue to 
adopt the going concern basis of accounting for a period of at least twelve months 
from the date when the financial statements are authorised for issue. 
 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most 
significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the 
most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that 
we identified. These matters included those that had the greatest effect on: the overall 
audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the 
engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

--- Page 146 ---
Key Audit Matter  
How the matter was addressed in 
the audit 
Investments maybe materially 
misstated due to incorrect 
valuation 
 
Investments comprise of positions 
in leveraged products that hold 
investments in a range of trading 
programmes. The fair value of 
investments (financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss) is based on the 
price of the underlying leveraged 
products.The fair value may be misstated 
due to inaccuracies in the underlying 
product valuations or incorrect calculation 
of the fair value as at year end.  
Our audit work included, but was not 
restricted to: 
 
we reviewed the Company’s 
accounting policies to confirm 
compliance with IFRS; 
 
we assessed the design and 
implementation of controls relating 
purchases, disposals and valuation of 
investments; 
 
we traced all subscriptions and 
redemptions during the year to the 
relevant valid deal tickets to confirm 
their occurrence and accuracy; 
 
we reconciled units held under each 
series at 31 December 2020 to 
confirmations received direct from 
independent custodians; and 
 
we recalculated the fair value as at 31 
December 2020 using the closing 
prices and units confirmed by 
independent custodians. 
 
Key observations 
No misstatements were identified from the 
work performed. 
 
 
Our application of materiality 
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that 
makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person 
would be changed or influenced. We use materiality in determining the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit work and in evaluating the results of that work. Materiality was 
determined as follows: 
 
Financial statements as a whole: 
$416,000 which is 2% of total assets. This benchmark is considered the most appropriate 
because certificate holders consider  the total value of assets to be the main key 
performance indicator. 
 
 
Performance materiality used to drive the extent of our testing: 
75% of financial statement materiality for the audit of the financial statements. 
 
An overview of the scope of our audit 
Our audit approach was based on a thorough understanding of the Company's business 
and is risk based, and in particular included: 
 assessment of the controls designed and implemented by the administrator to ensure 
that information being recorded in the Company is valid, complete and accurate; and 
 understanding the investments cycle and performing the relevant substantive 
procedures on fair value movement and the fair value as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 147 ---
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the annual report other than the financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other 
information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the 
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, 
we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement of the financial 
statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. 
 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: 
 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the company; or 
 
the company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records; 
or 
 
we have not obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief, are necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 2, the 
directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements which give a true 
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs, and for such internal control as the directors 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the 
directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements 
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level 
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud 
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis 
of these financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and 
maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:  
 
 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

--- Page 148 ---

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of
accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied 
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with 
them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
Use of our report 
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with 
Article 113A of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to state 
to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the 
company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we 
have formed. 
Alexander R Langley 
For and on behalf of Grant Thornton Limited 
Chartered Accountants 
St. Helier 
Jersey 
Date: 4 May 2021

--- Page 149 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2020
31 December
31 December
2020
2019
Notes
US$
US$
ASSETS
Current assets
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
4
20,746,416
71,571,034
Cash and cash equivalents
72,087
26,457
Total Assets
20,818,503
71,597,491
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
6
20,746,416
71,571,034
Total Liabilities
20,791,173
71,571,034
EQUITY
Capital and Reserves Attributable to the Equity Holders of the
Company
Share capital
5
3
3
Accumulated reserves
27,327
26,454
Total Equity
27,330
26,457
Total Liabilities and Equity
20,818,503
71,597,491
These audited financial statements on pages 8 to 23 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 30 April 2021 and were signed on its behalf by:
Director
The notes on pages 12 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
-8-
Trade and other payables
7
44,757
-

--- Page 150 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Year ended
31 December
31 December
2020
2019
Notes
US$
US$
Income
Foreign exchange gain
2,113
2
Other income
3,750
9,836
Fair value gain on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
6
9,903,743
19,346,744
9,909,606
19,356,582
Expenses
Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
4
9,903,743
19,346,744
Bank charges
2,740
3,485
Foreign exchange loss
-
557
9,906,483
19,350,786
Profit for the year
3,123
5,796
Other comprehensive income
-
-
Total comprehensive income attributable to Equity Holders of the
Company
3,123
5,796
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations.
The notes on pages 12 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
-9-

--- Page 151 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Share Capital
Accumulated
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
Balance at 1 January 2019
3
20,658
20,661
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
-
5,796
5,796
Balance at 31 December 2019
3
26,454
26,457
Share Capital
Accumulated
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
Balance at 1 January 2020
3
26,454
26,457
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year
-
3,123
3,123
Dividends paid
-
(2,250)
(2,250)
Balance at 31 December 2020
3
27,327
27,330
The notes on pages 12 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
-10-

--- Page 152 ---
Weser Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020
Year ended
31 December
31 December
2020
2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Notes
US$
US$
Profit for the year
3,123
5,796
Increase/(decrease) in payables
44,757
(4,588)
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss
6
(2,723,667)
24,480,508
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss
4
2,723,667
(24,480,508)
Net cash generated from operating activities
47,880
1,208
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of investments
(10,238,095)
(23,715,986)
Proceeds from sale of investments
63,786,382
26,452,045
Net cash generated from investing activities
53,548,287
2,736,059
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash inflows from Issue of Certificates
10,238,095
23,715,986
Cash outflows from Redemption of Certificates
(63,786,382)
(26,452,045)
Dividends paid
(2,250)
-
Net cash used in financing activities
(53,550,537)
(2,736,059)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
45,630
1,208
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
26,457
25,249
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
72,087
26,457
The notes on pages 12 to 23 are an integral part of these audited financial statements
-11-

--- Page 153 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020
1 General Information
The Company's principal place of business is at 47 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD. The Company was
incorporated on 29 May 2012 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, and is a public company limited by
shares. The principal activity of the Company is to issue secured and unsecured Certificates (together "the Certificates")
under the terms of a US$50,000,000,000 Certificate Programmes ("the Programme") (increased from US$30,000,000,000
on 13 June 2019). The Certificates will be issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various
leveraged products holding investments in a range of trading Programmes. 
Five series of Certificates were in issue at the year end and provide indirect access to the following Programmes:
Series Name:
Principal Country of Operation
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited (Series 6)
Cayman Islands
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited (Series 9)
Ireland
MSP (Europe) I Limited (Series 17)
Cayman Islands
Two Trees (Cayman) Limited (Series 19)
Cayman Islands
RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA Limited (Series 20)
Cayman Islands
2 Principal Accounting Policies
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the year presented in dealing with items
which are considered to be material in relation to the Company's audited financial statements (the "financial statements").
Basis of preparation
These audited financial statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis, except for financial assets and
liabilities designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ('FVTPL') which have all been measured at fair value. The
financial statements are presented in United States Dollars ('US$').
Statement of compliance
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB").
Going concern
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. The expenses of the
Company, other than bank charges, are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co International Plc ("Morgan Stanley") and income is
received from Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges. The Directors have no reason to believe that  Morgan Stanley will
not honour this agreement for the foreseeable future and note that this agreement has been in place for a number of years
and Morgan Stanley have continued to meet their obligations under it.  Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that
Morgan Stanley will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the
outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus. The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series
is linked to the value for the financial assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the financial statements on a going
concern basis.
-12-

--- Page 154 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
New accounting standards and interpretations
(i) Standards and amendments to existing standards for reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2020:
There are no standards, amendments to standards or interpretations that are effective for annual periods beginning on 1
January 2020 that have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company.
(ii) New standards, amendments and interpretations not yet effective for reporting period beginning on 1 January 2021:
A number of new standards and amendments to standards and interpretations are not yet effective for reporting periods
beginning after 1 January 2021, and have not been applied in preparing these financial statements. The Directors have
assessed that these standards will not have a material effect on the financial statements of the Company.
Financial instruments
1.1 Classification                                                                                                                                                                         
The Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories:
·  those to be measured subsequently at fair value; and
·  those to be measured at amortised cost.
The classification depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual
terms of the cash flows.
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVTPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other
Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI"), gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
income ("OCI") respectively. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
whether the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
investment at FVOCI. No such irrevocable election has been made.
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
1.2  Recognition and initial measurement
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions
of the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at
FVTPL which are measured initially at fair value. 
1.3  Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Company's business model for managing the asset and
the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into which the Company classifies its
debt instruments: 

Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is
included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and
losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 

FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a
debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other
gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
-13-

--- Page 155 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
Financial instruments (continued)
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative
financial instruments or financial liabilities that are held for trading i.e. the Certificates, which are classified as FVTPL. The
FVTPL option can also be irrevocably elected at initial recognition of financial liabilities, if it eliminates or significantly
reduces an accounting mismatch, the financial liability is part of a portfolio that is managed and evaluated on a fair value
basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or there is an embedded derivative in
the financial or non-financial host contract and the derivative is not closely related to the host contract.
Equity instruments
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at FVTPL. Dividends from such investments continue to be
recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company’s right to receive payments is established. No such
irrevocable election has been made.
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in fair value gains/(losses) in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. 
1.4  Impairment
The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its debt instruments carried at
amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
 
increase in credit risk. 
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime
losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.
1.5  Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when
the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is
extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires. Gains and losses on sales are calculated on an average cost basis.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or
less.
Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the
Company operates. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company's functional and
presentation currency.
Share capital
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by
the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
Retained earnings
Retained earnings represent all current and prior period results of operations as reported in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income, reduced by the amounts of dividends declared, if any.
Expenses
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc ("Morgan
Stanley") and consequently are not recognised in these financial statements. Bank charges are recognised on an accruals
basis.
-14-

--- Page 156 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
2 Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
Financial instruments (continued)
Revenue
Revenue has been recognised as and when it falls due to the Company. The Company is entitled to transaction fees of
US$750 for each series of Certificates issued during the year. In addition, income is received by the Company from
Morgan Stanley to cover bank charges.
Taxation
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2019: 0%).
Valuation of Certificates
The Company held five series of Certificates as at the year-end.  The Certificates constitute a straight pass through
exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The investments are listed on Euronext Dublin.
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at fair value through profit or loss which is equivalent to the available
quoted price of the underlying investment in the market.  The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and
subsequently re-measured at fair value through profit or loss based on the last traded price of the underlying investment.
Profits and losses on sales are accounted for on a trade date basis and taken to the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
3 Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Critical accounting judgements 
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the
preparation of these financial statements. 
Key sources of estimation
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net
Asset Valuation calculations. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual
basis depending on the nature of the investment. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on
market conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall under Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value
hierarchy. The table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The Directors consider
there to be no other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
Capital risk management
When managing capital, the Company’s objective is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. The Company aims to deliver these objectives by
achieving consistent returns from its assets and maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet the expenses of the Company.
Currently, there are no externally imposed capital requirements.
Foreign currency
Items included in the audited financial statements are measured and presented in United States Dollar, reflective of the
primary economic environment in which it operates (the "functional currency").
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised
in profit or loss.
-15-

--- Page 157 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
4 Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit of Loss
Cost
Purchases
Sales
Cost
1 January
31 December
2020
2020
      Summary as at 31 December 2020
US$
US$
US$
US$
Investment Programmes
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Series 6
4,870,352
4,728,096
(6,134,720)
3,463,728
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 9
72,475,265
-
(55,533,947)
16,941,318
MSP (Europe) 1 Limited
Series 17
700,000
150,000
-
850,000
Two Trees (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 19
2,295,000
2,359,999
(2,117,715)
2,537,284
RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA
Limited
Series 20
-
3,000,000
-
3,000,000
80,340,617
10,238,095
(63,786,382)
26,792,330
Cost
Unrealised
Fair Value b/f
Current Year
Unrealised
Movement
Fair Value
31 December
1 January
31 December
31 December
2020
2020
2020
2020
      Summary as at 31 December 2020
US$
US$
US$
US$
Investment Programmes
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Series 6
3,463,728
201,161
(251,500)
3,413,389
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 9
16,941,318
(8,307,046)
2,824,871
11,459,143
MSP (Europe) 1 Limited
Series 17
850,000
(393,719)
(209,919)
246,362
Two Trees (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 19
2,537,284
(269,979)
360,217
2,627,522
RAM (Cayman) Systematic DIVALPHA
Limited
Series 20
3,000,000
-
-
3,000,000
26,792,330
(8,769,583)
2,723,669
20,746,416
Realised loss on cost
(12,627,412)
Unrealised fair value movement
2,723,669
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
(9,903,743)
Cost
Purchases
Sales
Cost c/f
1 January
31 December
31 December
2019
2019
2019
      Summary as at 31 December 2019
US$
US$
US$
US$
Investment Programmes
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Series 6
12,770,522
6,720,986
(14,621,156)
4,870,352
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 9
58,475,265
14,000,000
-
72,475,265
Quantica Capital Cayman Fund
Series 10
11,830,889
-
(11,830,889)
-
MSP (Europe) 1 Limited
Series 17
-
700,000
-
700,000
Two Trees (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 19
-
2,295,000
-
2,295,000
83,076,676
23,715,986
(26,452,045)
80,340,617
-16-

--- Page 158 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
4 Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit of Loss (continued)
Cost
Unrealised
Value
Current Year
unrealised
movement
Fair Value
31 December
1 January
31 December
31 December
2019
2019
2019
2019
      Summary as at 31 December 2019
US$
US$
US$
US$
Investment Programmes
Lynx (Cayman) Fund Limited 
Series 6
4,870,352
(2,315,645)
2,516,806
5,071,513
IPM (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 9
72,475,265
18,136,792
(26,443,838)
64,168,219
Quantica Capital Cayman Fund
Series 10
-
(110,222)
110,222
-
MSP (Europe) 1 Limited
Series 17
700,000
-
(393,719)
306,281
Two Trees (Cayman) Fund Limited
Series 19
2,295,000
-
(269,979)
2,025,021
80,340,617
15,710,925
(24,480,508)
71,571,034
Realised gain on cost
5,133,764
Unrealised fair value movement
(24,480,508)
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
(19,346,744)
The Company used the proceeds of each issue of Certificates or notes detailed in note 6 to acquire interest units in a
variety of Investment Programmes. Series 6,9,10,17,19 & 20 Investment Programmes included Ireland and Cayman
Islands Limited Liability Companies and the units are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. The Investment Programmes
provide exposure to leveraged derivative instruments and are held for capital appreciation.
5 Share Capital
31 December
31 December
2020
2019
US$
US$
Authorised
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each
10,000
10,000
Alloted, called up and fully paid
2 ordinary shares of £1 each
3
3
On incorporation 2 ordinary shares were issued and fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000:US$
1.37. The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income.
-17-

--- Page 159 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
6 Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
The Company may issue up to US$50,000,000,000 secured and unsecured Certificates under the terms of the Certificate
Programme dated 29 June 2012. All series currently in issue are unsecured and asset backed. At the year end the
Company had five Series of Certificates in issue under the Programme, one with a nominal value of US$1,000,000,000,
three with a nominal value of US$500,000,000. Details of the five Series of Certificates in issue are as follows:
      Summary as at 31 December 2020
Number of
Certificates in
Issue
Number of
Subscribed
Certificates
Number of
Unsubscribed
Certificates
Series
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
5,097,191
494,902,809
Series 9 Certificates
1,000,000,000
24,792,593
975,207,407
Series 17 Certificates
500,000,000
4,927,230
495,072,770
Series 19 Certificates
500,000,000
2,845,760
497,154,240
Series 20 Certificates
500,000,000
3,000,000
497,000,000
3,000,000,000
40,662,774
2,959,337,226
      Summary as at 31 December 2020
Cost of
Certificates
Price of
Certificates
Fair Value of
Certificates
31 December
2020
31 Decembe
2020
US$
US$
Series
Series 6 Certificates
3,463,728
0.669661
3,413,390
Series 9 Certificates
16,941,318
0.462200
11,459,136
Series 17 Certificates
850,000
0.050000
246,363
Series 19 Certificates
2,537,284
0.923313
2,627,527
Series 20 Certificates
3,000,000
1.000000
3,000,000
26,792,330
20,746,416
Realised gain on cost
12,627,412
Unrealised fair value movement
(2,723,669)
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
9,903,743
      Summary as at 31 December 2019
Number of
Certificates in
Issue
Number of
Subscribed
Certificates
Number of
Unsubscribed
Certificates
Series
Series 6 Certificates
500,000,000
6,317,941
493,682,059
Series 9 Certificates
1,000,000,000
106,063,156
893,936,844
Series 17 Certificates
500,000,000
2,784,371
497,215,629
Series 19 Certificates
500,000,000
2,209,295
497,790,705
2,500,000,000
117,374,763
2,382,625,237
-18-

--- Page 160 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
6 Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (continued)
      Summary as at 31 December 2019
Cost of
Certificates
Price of
Certificates
Fair Value of
Certificates
31 December
2019
31 December
2019
US$
US$
Series
Series 6 Certificates
4,870,352
0.802711
5,071,513
Series 9 Certificates
72,475,265
0.605000
64,168,219
Series 17 Certificates
700,000
0.110000
306,281
Series 19 Certificates
2,295,000
0.916595
2,025,021
80,340,617
71,571,034
Realised loss on cost
(5,133,764)
Unrealised fair value movement
24,480,508
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
19,346,744
The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4.
The Certificates are limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate holders shall have no rights or
claims against any other assets or future series of the Certificates issued by the Company. 
The amount of the Company’s obligations in respect of the Certificates or Notes are dependent on the performance of the
underlying investment in the interest units of the Investment Programme that each of the Certificates or Notes are exposed
to, which will in turn determine the amounts repaid to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not
capital protected and therefore any negative performance of interest units in each underlying investment Programme will
be reflected in the redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates. The Certificates
can be redeemed at any time. 
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholders rights and no duty to cover losses.
As per the Prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, where appointed as the Calculation Agent, will determine
the termination amount, liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as the case may be.
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$2,959,337,226 remains available for issue under the Certificate
Programme dated 29 June 2012.
7 Trade and Other Payables
31 December
31 December
2020
2019
US$
US$
Amounts falling due within the year
Amounts due to Morgan Stanley
44,757
-
8    Financial Risk Management
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, price risk and
cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital management risk. The financial risks relate to
the following financial instruments: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, trade and
other payables and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The accounting policies with respect to these
financial instruments are described in note 2. The Company’s risk management policies employed to manage these risks
are discussed below.
-19-

--- Page 161 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
8
Financial Risk Management (continued)
(a)
Market risk
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks:
(i) Foreign exchange risk
The Company is not exposed to foreign exchange risk on financial assets at FVTPL as any risk is offset by prices changes
in the financial liabilities at FVTPL. However there is insignificant foreign exchange exposure to the cash of the Company.
(ii) Price risk
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors
specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the
investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate holders are aware of the risks.
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these
investments). Any price risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates
as disclosed in note 6. Therefore the Directors do not believe the Company is subject to any price risk; though Certificate
holders are exposed to price risk.
(iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially
independent of changes in market interest rates.
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities.
(b)
Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the
Company. Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying
Investments, the counterparties to the investments. In turn the Company is exposed to a potential loss under the
Certificates but this is mitigated by way of a charge over the Underlying Investments. The Directors consider that the
Company is not exposed to any material net credit risk as the Certificates issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of
the investments and hence, amounts due to the Certificate holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying
Investments.
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk:
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 2 yrs
Amount
As at 31 December 2020
US$
US$
US$
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
72,087
-
72,087
Trade and other payables
44,757
-
44,757
116,844
-
116,844
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 2 yrs
Amount
As at 31 December 2019
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
26,457
-
26,457
26,457
-
26,457
-20-

--- Page 162 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
8
Financial Risk Management (continued)
The Company is subject to the ECL model on its financial assets that are carried at amortised cost. While cash and cash
equivalents and receivables are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, there were no identified
impairment losses. The Company is also exposed to credit risk in relation to financial assets that are measured at FVTPL.
The maximum exposure at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of these financial assets.  Due to the
nature of the receivables and that they are not past due, there are no expected credit losses.
The fair value of the Company's financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amounts at the year end date. 
(c)
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk
of not being able to meet its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investment interest detailed in note 4 are
highly liquid and the repayment profile of the Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the
liquidity profile of the investments which are publicly traded.
The financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss have been recognised on the statement of financial position as
non-current liabilities based on their expected maturity. However, the certificates can be redeemed early at the option of
the certificate holders and have therefore been classified as current liabilities for the purposes of this note.
The following table details the Company's liquidity analysis for its financial assets and liabilities.
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2020
US$
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
72,087
-
-
72,087
Financial assets at FVTPL
-
-
20,746,416
20,746,416
72,087
-
20,746,416
20,818,503
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2020
US$
US$
US$
US$
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
-
-
20,746,416
20,746,416
-
-
20,746,416
20,746,416
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2019
US$
US$
US$
US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
26,457
-
-
26,457
Financial assets at FVTPL
-
-
71,571,034
71,571,034
26,457
-
71,571,034
71,597,491
Up to 1 yr
1 yr to 5 yrs
On demand
Total
As at 31 December 2019
US$
US$
US$
US$
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
-
-
71,571,034
71,571,034
Total
-
-
71,571,034
71,571,034
-21-

--- Page 163 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
8
Financial Risk Management (continued)
(d) Capital management
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for shareholders and the Certificate holders.
The expenses of the Company are funded by a third party and the Company will issue further Certificates in order to fund
further investments. Any capital requirements are known with some certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is
considered necessary. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.
Fair value measurements recognised in the Statement of Financial Position
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by Level. The Levels
are split between three levels:

Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2); and

Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level
3).
The Company's financial assets and liabilities were classified as follows:
As at 31 December 2020
Level 1
US$
Level 2
US$
Level 3
US$
Assets
-
20,746,416
-
Liabilities
-
20,746,416
-
As at 31 December 2019
Level 1
US$
Level 2
US$
Level 3
US$
Assets
-
71,571,034
-
Liabilities
-
71,571,034
-
There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the year.
All liabilities during the year are measured using fair values falling under levels 1, 2 and 3.
The valuation of the majority of the underlying investments falls under level 2 fair value hierarchy. Although these
investments are quoted, they are not actively traded. The fair values of quoted investments have been derived using
observable market data. 
-22-

--- Page 164 ---
Weser Capital Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (continued)
9 Related Party Transactions
T Ridgway and S Conroy, Directors of the Company, are senior employees of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") who
provide ongoing administrative services to the Company at normal commercial rates. During the year £15,821 (31 December
2019: £60,258) was paid to Crestbridge in respect of services, of which £1,796 (31 December 2019: £12,657) was
outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third party they have not been recognised in these financial
statements. 
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited
(administrator and company secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee for the Company).
10 Segmental Reporting
The Directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one
operating segment and that it operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the Directors with the
financial information that is on an aggregated level. As such, there is no segmental information to disclose.
11
Immediate Parent and Ultimate Controlling Party
On 31 March 2017 ExcelEdge Holdings Limited purchased the remaining Share Capital from Crestbridge Corporate
Trustees Limited as Trustee of Weser Capital Charitable Trust.
12
Events after the Reporting Year
No significant post year end events have occurred in respect of the Company that are considered material to the
understanding of these audited financial statements.
-23-

--- Page 165 ---
95411252 
 
INDEX 
£ 5 
€ 5 
Accountholder ............................................... 80 
Additional Certificate Number ...................... 59 
Additional Increased Tax .............................. 72 
Adjusted Maturity Date .................................. 48 
Agency Agreement ........................................ 47 
Agents ............................................................. 48 
Alternative Programme Agreements ........... 48 
AuM ................................................................. 48 
BaFin ............................................................. 102 
Balancing Amount ......................................... 59 
Basic Terms Modification ....................... 30, 75 
Board of Governors ....................................... 34 
Business Day ................................................. 48 
Calculation Agent .......................................... 47 
Cash Account ................................................. 48 
Cash Account Agreement ............................. 48 
Cash Account Bank ....................................... 48 
Central Bank ............................................. 2, 102 
Certificate ....................................................... 48 
Certificate Buy-back Amount ....................... 49 
Certificate Custodian ..................................... 47 
Certificate Price ............................................. 49 
Certificate Redemption Amount ................... 49 
Certificateholder Expenses .......................... 71 
Certificateholders ...................................... 2, 49 
Certificates ....................................................... 1 
Clearing System Business Day .................... 70 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .............................. 2 
COBS ............................................................. 108 
Collateral..................................................... 1, 57 
Commission ..................................................... 6 
Common Depositary ..........................23, 55, 79 
Common Reporting Standard ...................... 93 
Company.........................................1, 18, 49, 90 
Company Administrator ................................ 49 
Company Business Day ................................ 49 
Company Commodity Broker ....................... 49 
Company Document ...................................... 49 
Company Investment Subscription Date .... 49 
Company Manager ......................................... 49 
Company Trading Adviser ............................ 49 
Conditions .............................................. 47, 108 
Corporate Administration Agreement ......... 84 
Corporate Administrator ......................... 49, 84 
Covered Entities ............................................ 34 
Covered QFC .................................................. 35 
CRS ................................................................. 93 
Custodian ....................................................... 50 
Custodian Certificates ................................... 50 
Custodian Global Certificate ........................ 16 
Custody Agreement ....................................... 50 
Dealer ........................................................ 50, 98 
Dealer Agreement .................................... 50, 98 
Definitive Certificates ................................... 54 
delta-one transaction.................................... 95 
Designated Account ..................................... 80 
Designated Bank ........................................... 80 
Distribution Compliance Period ................ 100 
distributor ........................................ 4, 107, 108 
Early Termination Event ............................... 64 
EEA ........................................................... 4, 107 
Enforcement Notice ...................................... 73 
Euro ...................................................................5 
Euroclear ..........................................................2 
Euronext Dublin ...............................................2 
EUWA ......................................... 4, 50, 103, 107 
Event of Default ............................................. 73 
Exchange Date .............................................. 80 
Exchange Event ............................................ 79 
Expenses Agreement ................................... 50 
Extraordinary Dealing Day ........................... 68 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................. 75 
FATCA ...................................................... 50, 94 
FFI ................................................................... 94 
Final Rule ....................................................... 34 
Final Terms .................................. 1, 47, 50, 110 
First Regular Year Fees ................................ 68 
First Year Fees .............................................. 68 
Fixed Maturity Date ....................................... 50 
FSB ................................................................. 34 
FSMA ............................................................ 101 
FTT Amendments .......................................... 72 
FTT Amendments Certificate ....................... 72 
GBP ...................................................................5 
Global Certificate .............................. 23, 55, 79 
GSIB ............................................................... 34 
GST ................................................................. 92 
holder ............................................................. 49 
Holding Company ......................................... 84 
IGA .................................................................. 94 
Illegality .......................................................... 50 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax
 .................................................................... 50 
Initial Cash Account Amount ....................... 50 
Insurance Distribution Directive ... 4, 102, 107 
Investment Company Act ................................3 
IRS ............................................................ 94, 95 
Issue Date ...................................................... 47 
Issuer ......................................................... 1, 47 
Jersey CRS Legislation ................................ 93 
Jersey Registrar ...............................................6 
Mandatory Redemption Event ............... 19, 63 
Maturity Date ................................................. 50 
Method A ........................................................ 22 
Method B ........................................................ 22 
Method C ........................................................ 22 
Method D ........................................................ 22 
Method E ........................................................ 22

--- Page 166 ---
95411252 
 
MiFID II ..............................................4, 102, 107 
MiFID Regulations ....................................... 101 
Minimum Fee Amount ................................... 51 
Mortgaged Property ................................... 1, 57 
MS Certificate Issuer ....................................... 1 
MS Certificates ........................................... 1, 51 
MSIP ................................................................ 88 
Net Realised Share NAV ................................ 51 
Note Trustee ................................................... 47 
Number of Certificates .................................. 51 
offer ............................................................... 103 
Official List ....................................................... 2 
Participating FFI ............................................. 94 
Paying Agent .................................................. 47 
paying agents ................................................. 94 
Payment Business Day ................................. 51 
Periodic Basis ................................................ 51 
Portfolio Value ............................................... 51 
Potential Early Termination Event ............... 99 
Potential Event of Default ............................. 99 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................... 4, 107 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 51 
Principal Trust Deed ...................................... 47 
Programme ................................................. 1, 51 
Prospectus Regulation ....... 2, 4, 102, 107, 108 
Purchase Date ................................................ 67 
QFCs ............................................................... 34 
Realised Share NAV ...................................... 52 
Realised Value ............................................... 70 
Record Date .............................................. 70, 80 
Redemption Date ..................................... 20, 63 
Register ........................................................... 54 
Registrar ......................................................... 47 
Regulated Market ............................................. 2 
Regulation S ..................................................... 3 
Relevant Agreement ...................................... 52 
Relevant Date ................................................. 52 
Requested Fungible Notional ....................... 52 
retail investor ....................................... 102, 103 
Scheduled Maturity Date ............................... 52 
Section 871(m) Regulations.......................... 95 
Secured Certificateholders .................... 23, 52 
Secured Certificates ................................. 1, 47 
Secured Series .......................................... 1, 52 
Secured Series Custodian Certificates. 17, 53 
Securities Act ...................................................3 
Security .......................................................... 56 
Security Trustee ............................................ 47 
Series ............................................. 1, 14, 47, 54 
Series Assets ...................................................2 
Share NAV ..................................................... 53 
Share Trustee ................................................ 84 
Shares ............................................ 1, 24, 53, 90 
Specified Certificate ..................................... 95 
Specified Currency ....................................... 53 
Subscription Conditions Precedent ...... 53, 99 
Subsequent Year Fees ................................. 68 
Supplement ............................................... 6, 46 
Supplemental Redemption Amount ............ 64 
Supplemental Trust Deed ............................ 47 
Swap ..................................................... 1, 53, 90 
Swap Counterparty ................................... 1, 53 
TARGET ......................................................... 53 
Tax Event ....................................................... 53 
Transaction Fees .......................................... 53 
Transfer Agent .............................................. 47 
Trust Deed ............................................... 14, 47 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................ 35 
UK ............................................................. 4, 107 
UK MiFIR ...................................................... 108 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ... 5, 108 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................. 4, 107 
Underlying Assets .................................... 1, 57 
Unsecured Certificateholders .................. 2, 54 
Unsecured Certificates ............................. 1, 47 
Unsecured Series ...................................... 1, 54 
Unsecured Series Custodian Certificates ..17, 
54 
Unsecured Series Property ...................... 2, 58 
US dollars .........................................................5 
US$ ....................................................................5

--- Page 167 ---
95411252 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
 
 
NOTE TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
 
 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND CASH ACCOUNT BANK 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
CERTIFICATE CUSTODIAN 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealer 
as to Jersey law 
as to English law  
 
 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
DLA Piper UK LLP 
47 Esplanade 
160 Aldersgate Street 
St Helier 
London 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
EC1A 4HT