--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base prospectus dated 4 January 2021 
 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly known as ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited) 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 109413) 
LEI: 21380027D6CN9S37B135 
Prospectus for the issue of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
comprising: 
Australian Dollar Classic Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Euro Classic Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Sterling Classic Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Euro Longer Dated Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
and 
Sterling Longer Dated Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities in the form of classic or longer dated, individual or index securities (the 
“Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities”) by WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
(the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This base prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this base 
prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or the quality of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets 
in Financial Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only 
approves this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part 
of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 the (“UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Such approval by the FCA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities.   
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
apply where Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
situated or operating within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities is made to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation applies where Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or 
an offer of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is made to the to the public (within the meaning 
provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member States of the European 
Economic Area. Accordingly Investors should be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions apply and will 
only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making 
any investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The 
obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which are undated 
secured limited recourse debt securities of the Issuer. Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are 
designed to enable investors to gain exposure to daily changes in indices which track movements in the 
price of individual commodity futures contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts and for which 
the effects of foreign exchange risk are hedged. 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of risk 
and investors may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value 
of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities can go down as well as up. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are complex, structured products involving a 
significant degree of risk and may not be suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is 
advisable that any person wishing to invest seeks appropriate financial, tax and other advice 
from an independent financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and 
qualifications and an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is only suitable for 
persons who understand the economic risk of an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite period of time. A prospective investor 
should be aware that the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities may be lost. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to 
the Issuer and the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities required to enable them to make an 
informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer; and (ii) the rights attaching to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are contained in the Conditions 
under the heading “The Conditions” in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities) and are completed by the Final Terms specific to a particular issue of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities which will be published and delivered to the Central Bank and the FCA before 
such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are issued. 
Worked examples of how an investor can calculate the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 
(How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding 
of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating 
to an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to which 
they relate, including the class and number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued and 
the issue price applicable to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set 
out in the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors 
and prospective investors. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any information that has 
been incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and any Final Terms 
issued are available at https://www.wisdomtree.eu

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Programme for the Issue of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Important Information 
 
A. 
Approvals 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities, of each class, and any further individual securities or index securities that may 
be created and made available for issue as referred to in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
for the purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been made 
available to the public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document has 
also been filed with the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, as amended as the date hereof 
and has been made available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that Regulation. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be available to be issued on a continuous basis during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this document. A prospective investor should be aware that 
compensation will not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission, in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds — Prospectuses) 
(Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against 
liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness 
of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any 
states of the United States. Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may not be directly or indirectly 
offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United States or to any U.S. person (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a “US Person”). The Issuer has not registered, and 
does not intend to register, as an investment company under the United States Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Accordingly, Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any US Person. Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
offered and sold outside the United States may be offered to persons who are not US Persons in reliance 
upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each of the Authorised Participants has, pursuant to its 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer, undertaken not to offer or sell the Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities within the United States or to any US Person, nor will it engage in any “directed 
selling efforts” (as such term is defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect to the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Prohibited US Persons and Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should note the provisions in the Conditions under the heading 
“Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 8) in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
B. 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market.  
The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no 
trading facility for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities there. The Central Bank approval of this 
programme relates only to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID 
II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued within 
12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock 
Exchange for all such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange). 
 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are 
not offers under the Prospectus Regulation or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.   
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the 
admission of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the 
London Stock Exchange and do not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such  
securities may be listed. 
Certain of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are also listed or traded on certain other markets 
— see “Listing” in Part 6 (The Programme). 
 
C. 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and 
this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to 
constitute or should be construed as advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for 
the purposes of the Jersey Financial Services Law 1988. 
None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, Bank of America Corporation, (“BAC”), CGML or Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMH”) has separately verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made, and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, 
CGML or CGMH as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or their 
distribution. Each person applying for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in accordance with this 
Prospectus acknowledges that (i) such person has not relied on Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, 
CGML or CGMH, nor on any person affiliated with any of them in connection with its investment decision 
or its investigation of the accuracy of the information contained herein; (ii) Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of Bloomberg, 
UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member of the BAC Group or 
CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group; and (iii) the obligations of the Issuer to Security 
Holders under the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are not guaranteed by Bloomberg, UBS 
Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member of the BAC Group or CGML 
or any other member of the Citigroup Group. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Authorised Participants 
and the Security Holders are, by virtue of any of the activities of Bloomberg, any member of the UBS 
Group, any member of the BAC Group or any member of the Citigroup Group in connection with 
Commodity Contracts, clients or customers of Bloomberg, any member of the UBS Group, any member 
of the BAC Group or any member of the Citigroup Group for the purpose of the FCA Handbook. 
The Authorised Participants have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. None of the Authorised Participants makes any representation, express or

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Prospectus or for the suitability of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities for any 
investor. None of the Authorised Participants undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Authorised Participants. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or any other securities issued by the Issuer and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, Bloomberg, 
UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Each person 
contemplating making an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities must make its own 
investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and its own determination of the suitability 
of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience and 
any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment, and it is advisable that 
such persons obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and consult their own 
professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
as an investment, and conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security 
arrangements and cash-flows associated with Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities as they deem 
appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to the risks involved in investing in 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should consult its independent professional advisers. 
 
D. 
Investors to Make Their Own Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice 
and may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders may wish to 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, 
delivery processes and cash-flows associated with Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities as they 
deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
E. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA, the Issuer will either prepare and make 
available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall constitute a 
supplementary prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of 
FSMA or prepare and make available a further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of 
each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest 
in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
11 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities and should be 
carefully considered by a prospective investor. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
29 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions about the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. 
Classes of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities 
34 
This section sets out a list of classes of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities that the Issuer is 
currently making available for issue. 
Licences Granted to the Issuer 
38 
This section provides information on the licences 
granted to the Issuer by UBS Securities LLC and 
Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
39 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
73 
This section sets out the names and business 
addresses of directors of the Issuer and of the 
entities which provide services and legal advice to 
the Issuer. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 78 
This section details the documents incorporated into 
this Prospectus by reference and details where 
copies of these documents can be found. These 
documents are part of this Prospectus and should 
be carefully considered by a potential investor. 
Part 1 
General 
76 
This section provides a description of the Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities and the role of the 
different parties in the structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How does a Security 
Holder determine the value 
of their investment? 
89 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Family 
93 
This section provides an overview of the indices 
tracked by Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
and information relating to the simulated historical 
returns of the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to help investors evaluate the past 
performance of the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. 
Part 4 
Description of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity 
Securities 
111 
This section provides a description of the Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities as well as details of 
the rights attached to the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities, how the price of each 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is calculated

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
and details of how Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities can be redeemed. 
Part 5 
Description of Facility 
Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts 
122 
This section provides a description of the Facility 
Agreements and the Commodity Contracts by 
which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
are backed. 
Part 6 
The Programme 
133 
This section provides information on where this 
Prospectus has been passported to allow the public 
offer of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
to take place and provides information on the 
settlement and delivery process on each of the 
exchanges where Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities are admitted to trading. 
Part 7 
Trust Instrument and 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities 
140 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in respect of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities — the Trust Instrument — 
and sets out the details of the approval of the issue 
of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. It 
includes an extract from the Trust Instrument under 
the heading “The Conditions” which sets out the 
terms and conditions which apply to the Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. This extract is 
drafted in legal language as it is taken directly from 
the Trust Instrument but information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is 
contained throughout this Prospectus, including in 
Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities). 
Part 8 
Particulars of the Security 
Deed 
196 
The Security Deed creates security over, and gives 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying assets relating to each class of security. 
This section contains details of the terms of the 
rights granted by the Security Deed and when these 
rights become enforceable. 
Part 9 
Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges 
198 
This section provides an overview of the 
commodities, commodity and futures markets, and 
exchanges to help an investor decide whether an 
investment in a product which provides exposure to 
daily changes in commodity futures indices is 
appropriate for them. 
Part 10 Global Bearer Certificates 
206 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates, which is set out in Annex 1 and which 
is only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Part 11 Particulars of the 
Commodity Contract 
Counterparties 
209 
This section contains details relating to Merrill Lynch 
International (“MLI”) and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited (“CGML”), with each of whom the Issuer 
has entered into an agreement to purchase 
Commodity Contracts, and of Bank of America 
Corporation, which guarantees MLI’s payments 
under the MLI Facility Agreement and Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc., which guarantees

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
CGML’s payments under the CGML Facility 
Agreement. 
Part 12 Taxation 
211 
This section sets out the tax treatment of holding 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in the UK 
and Jersey. 
Part 13 Additional Information 
218 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential investor 
will want to be aware of or which the Issuer is 
required to include under applicable rules. This 
section also includes details of the material 
contracts 
relating 
to 
the 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities, other than the Trust 
Instrument, which is covered in Part 7, the Security 
Deed, which is covered in Part 8, and the Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts, Security 
Agreements, Control Agreements and Guarantees, 
which are covered in Part 5. 
Annex 1 Form of the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
236 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates, which is only relevant to 
investors wishing to purchase Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. The English translation of this text is 
included in Part 10 of this Prospectus. 
Annex 2 Text of the Conditions of 
the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
237 
This section sets out the German text of the 
conditions 
of 
the 
German 
Global 
Bearer 
Certificates, which is only relevant to investors 
wishing to purchase Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The 
English translation of this text is contained in Part 10 
of this Prospectus. 
Annex 3 Form of Final Terms 
240 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities to a securities house 
or other market professional approved by the Issuer 
and which has entered into an agreement with the 
Issuer in relation to Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. This details the class and number of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and other 
relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary included 
in this document and adjusted to be relevant only to 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued 
under the Final Terms. Each time that Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities are issued by the 
Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared by the 
Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank and 
notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction into which the product is 
passported.  The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
Annex 4 Form of Final Terms — 
Public Offers 
243 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish if it issues any Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities to the public 
pursuant to a public offer rather than to a securities

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
house or other market professional (as set out at 
Annex 3). This details the class and number of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and other 
relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary included 
in this document and adjusted to be relevant only to 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued 
under the Final Terms. Each time that Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities are issued by the 
Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared by the 
Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank and 
notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction into which the product is 
passported. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. All of these risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security Risk Factors 
General 
Commodity Prices 
The value of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be affected by movements in commodity 
prices generally and by the way in which those prices and other factors affect the prices of the 
Designated Contracts as explained in “Roll-Yield” below (and hence of the Commodity Indices). 
Commodity prices generally may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors, including: 
• 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are 
major commodity producers; 
• 
investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large trading houses, producers, 
users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other speculators which could impact 
global supply or demand; 
• 
the weather, which can affect short-term demand or supply for some commodities; 
• 
the future rates of economic activity and inflation, particularly in countries which are major 
consumers of commodities; 
• 
major discoveries of sources of commodities; and 
• 
disruptions to the infrastructure or means by which commodities are produced, distributed and 
stored, which are capable of causing substantial price movements in a short period of time. 
Prices of the Designated Month Contracts may fluctuate widely and may even become negative. Prices 
may be affected by: 
• 
commodity prices generally; 
• 
trading activities on the Relevant Exchange, which might be impacted by the liquidity in the futures 
contracts; and 
• 
trading activity specific to particular futures contract(s) and maturities. 
Such price movements could result in a Security Holder redeeming their Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities at a Price that is less than the Price at which such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
were issued. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. Investors should be aware that Currency-Hedged Commodity

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Securities can go down in price as well as up and investors may lose the value of all or part of their 
investment. 
 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 and its subsequent 
mutations (“COVID-19”) as a pandemic. National governments and supranational organisations in 
multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, including 
requiring or encouraging home working, imposing travel restrictions, the cancellation of sporting, cultural 
and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people and business operations.  Between  
11 March 2020 and 30 November 2020, COVID 19 has had a substantial impact on the price of the 
underlying commodities and consequently the corresponding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities.  
The most notable example is WTI Crude Oil; the WTI active contract was trading around $55 per barrel, 
with a peak of $58.68 on 6 January 2020, to a low of $25.86 on 21 April 2020. In addition, the WTI 
contract for delivery in May 2020 moved to negative territory for the first time in history on 20 May 2020.  
Precious metals have behaved differently in the same period. Spot Gold, Silver and Palladium rising by 
6.6%, 30.1% and 11.4% respectively since the beginning of the year. Platinum on the other hand has 
remained static with a price increase of under 1%. (Source: Bloomberg, 30 November 2020)  Such 
effects may also affect the ability of the Commodity Contract Counterparties to create new Commodity 
Contracts or their ability to hedge them effectively.   
 
While it is difficult to predict how COVID-19, the global response and public sentiment, will affect the 
prices of commodities and hence the Prices of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, the prices 
and volatility of commodity prices may be affected and such effects may be significant and may be long- 
term in nature 
 
Halting Applications 
In certain circumstances, for example, in the event of volatility in the relevant commodity markets, the 
Issuer and/or Authorised Participants and/or Commodity Contract Counterparties may seek to limit or 
restrict the ability of Authorised Participants to apply for new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or 
to Redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities.  For example, the Issuer will decline Applications if 
it cannot for any reason create corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement and 
there may be situations where the Authorised Participants may not be able to quote an offer price for 
new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities.  The market price of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities is a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers are willing to quote. Any 
actions to limit or restrict the ability of the Authorised Participants to apply for new Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities directly impacts the supply of those affected Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and therefore may impact the market price.  The Issuer will inform the Holders of the relevant 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of any such actions by RIS announcement. 
 
Roll-Yield 
Each Unhedged Individual Commodity Index is priced off a futures contract of specific maturity which, 
as it nears expiry, needs to be replaced with a later dated contract in a process known as “rolling”. As 
the exchange-traded futures contracts that comprise the Unhedged Individual Commodity Index 
approach expiration, they are sold prior to their expiry date and similar contracts that have a later expiry 
date are purchased. 
Thus, for example, a futures contract purchased and held in August may specify an October expiration. 
As  time  passes,  the  contract  expiring  in  October  may  be  replaced  by  a  contract  for  delivery  in 
December. Any difference between the price for the nearer delivery month contract and the price for the 
distant month contract is known as a ‘roll yield’ and this can be either a positive amount or a negative 
amount. If the market for these contracts is (putting aside other considerations) in “backwardation”, 
which means that the prices are lower in the distant delivery months than in the nearer delivery months, 
the sale of the October contract would take place at a price that is higher than the price of the December 
contract, thereby creating a “roll yield” which tends to be positive for the relevant Unhedged Individual 
Commodity Index. While some of the contracts included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM have 
historically exhibited consistent periods of backwardation, backwardation may not exist at all times. 
Moreover, certain of the commodities reflected in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, such as gold, have 
historically traded in “contango” markets. A “contango” market means that the prices are higher in the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
distant delivery months than in the nearer delivery months, the sale of the October contract would take 
place at a price that is lower than the price for the December contract, thereby creating a negative “roll 
yield” which tends to be negative for the relevant Unhedged Individual Commodity Index. However, the 
existence of contango (or backwardation) in a particular commodity market does not automatically result 
in negative (or positive) “roll yields”. The actual realisation of a potential roll yield will be dependent upon 
the shape of the futures curve. The term ‘futures curve’ refers to the relationship between the price of 
futures contracts over different futures contract maturity dates when plotted in a graph. If the relevant 
part of the commodity futures curve is in backwardation — a downward sloping futures curve — then, all 
other factors being equal, the relevant index will tend to rise over time as lower futures prices converge 
to higher spot prices. The opposite effect would occur for contango. 
The existence of contango in particular commodity markets could result in negative “roll yields”, which 
could adversely affect the value of the Unhedged Commodity Indices and decrease the value of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Each Unhedged Composite Commodity Index is made up of 
two or more Designated Contracts. The extent to which an Unhedged Composite Commodity Index is 
affected by backwardation or contango will depend on whether the relevant Designated Contracts are 
in backwardation or contango and the relative weight of each Designated Contract included in such 
Unhedged Composite Commodity Index. 
 
An Individual Commodity Index may close at a negative value 
Bloomberg announced on 7 May 2020 that, with effect from 18 May 2020, any Individual Commodity 
Index (other than the Multi-Tenor Indices) may close negative for one day and will thereafter be 
terminated the next trading day at the negative value. 
In the event of an Individual Commodity Index being terminated at a negative value, it is unclear whether 
Commodity Contracts priced by reference to that Individual Commodity Index will have any continuing 
value or how the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities priced by reference to that Individual 
Commodity Index will be calculated. In such circumstances the Issuer may exercise its rights under the 
Conditions to Redeem compulsorily such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and, having regard to 
Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), it is unlikely that there would be any monies available to meet the 
Issuer's obligations to Security Holders in respect of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Security Holders in respect of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities would be likely in such 
circumstances to lose the whole of their investment in respect of such Currency- Hedged Commodity 
Securities. 
 
In the cases of the Multi-Tenor Indices, if the value of the index would otherwise fall to or below zero 
due to an intraday and/or futures settlement price(s), the index level will be closed at zero and terminated 
on the same day. 
 
Longer Dated Commodity Securities 
The Longer Dated Commodity Securities are designed to track currency-hedged versions of the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM or one of its sub-indices and not currency-hedged 
versions of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM or one of its sub-indices. The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index 3 Month ForwardSM is determined as of a certain date by reference to futures contracts for the 
same commodities as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 
Month ForwardSM, the contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM in three calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current 
calendar month for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM. This may result in different 
sensitivities to changes in the commodity price and/or any backwardation or contango affecting the two 
indices. The difference in the expiry dates of the futures contracts which comprise the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM may result in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM 
having significantly better or worse performance and greater or lesser volatility than that for the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. Consequently, any return a Security Holder receives from an investment 
in the Longer Dated Commodity Securities may be lesser or greater than that they would have received 
if the securities were linked to currency-hedged versions of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. 
 
Change of Commodity Index 
The Facility Agreements allow for a change in the Commodity Index used to price the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. The Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer may agree to use a 
different commodity index provided that at the time of the substitution of the index there is no change to 
the aggregate Price (or, if the currency of denomination of the relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Securities is changed, the equivalent of such Price in such other currency) of the Commodity Contracts 
of the class or classes which are the subject of the substitution. Any such substitution shall not take 
effect until at least 30 days’ notice has been given to the Security Holders in an RIS announcement. 
 
There can be no assurance that any change in commodity index will provide the same investment return 
as the Individual Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Holders of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
Under the Conditions of the Multi-Tenor Securities, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Security 
Holders of the relevant class, substitute a different index for the Individual Commodity Index for that class 
on five Business Days’ notice provided that the proposed substituted commodity index relates to the same 
individual commodity as such Individual Commodity Index and is calculated based on a similar 
methodology as that used in the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index but the futures contracts 
constituting the Lead Future and the Next Future for the purposes of the calculation of such proposed 
substituted commodity index have different expiry dates to those used for the purposes of the calculation 
of such Individual Commodity Index. 
 
There can be no assurance that any replacement commodity index will provide the same investment return 
as the Individual Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Holders of Multi-
Tenor Securities. 
 
Risk Factors relating to the Multi-Tenor Indices 
Following the passing of an extraordinary resolution of the Security Holders in respect of the Multi-Tenor 
Securities on 22 October 2020, and the giving by the Issuer of notice by an RNS announcement on 16 
November 2020, the Issuer effected the substitution (the “Index Substitution”) of the Individual Commodity 
Index previously applicable to that class by the Multi-Tenor Index specified in the table below. 
Class 
of 
Multi-Tenor  
Securities 
Original Index 
Multi-Tenor Index 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
– 
EUR 
Daily 
Hedged 
Individual Securities 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude 
Sub-Index Oil Sub-IndexSM 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-
Tenor EUR Daily Hedged ER 
Index 
(BBG 
Index 
ticker: 
BCOMTERE) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
– 
GBP 
Daily 
Hedged 
Individual Securities 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude 
Sub-Index 
Pound 
Sterling 
Hedged DailySM 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-
Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER 
Index 
(BBG 
Index 
ticker: 
BCOMTERP) 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – 
GBP Daily Hedged Individual 
Securities 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil 
Sub-Index 
Pound 
Sterling 
Hedged DailySM 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-
Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER 
Index 
(BBG 
Index 
ticker: 
BCLMTERP )  
The Multi-Tenor Indices are described under the heading “The Multi-Tenor Indices” in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family). 
Although each of the Multi-Tenor Indices is designed to be representative of the markets it measures or 
otherwise align with its stated objective, it may not be representative in every case or achieve its stated 
objective in all instances. It is designed and calculated strictly to follow the rules of its Methodology, and 
any Multi-Tenor Index level or other output is limited in its usefulness to such design and calculation. 
Historical index levels published prior to the launch date of the Multi-Tenor Indices are considered 
hypothetical. Historical Multi-Tenor Index levels should not be considered as an indication of future 
performance. 
Each of the Multi-Tenor Indices is comprised of liquid commodity futures contracts. If any commodity futures 
contract is terminated or replaced in accordance with the rules of the Multi-Tenor Index methodology, a 
comparable commodity futures contract may be selected by Bloomberg. The replacement of a commodity

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
future contract may cause the level of the Multi-Tenor Index to change or be adjusted. 
In the event the level of any Multi-Tenor Index falls at or below zero due to an at any point intraday and/or 
end-of- day negative futures settlement price(s), the Multi-Tenor Index level will be closed at zero and 
terminated same day, in which case the Multi-Tenor Index may cease to accurately measure its underlying 
market interest. Holders of the Multi-Tenor Securities should therefore consider such possibility in 
connection with any financial instrument or financial contract based on the index to the extent the index 
level diverges from exposure to the underlying market. 
Bloomberg may discontinue or suspend calculation or publication of any Multi-Tenor Index. 
There can be no assurance that the Multi-Tenor Index will provide the same investment return as the 
Individual Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Holders of Multi-Tenor 
Securities. 
 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities trade on the London Stock 
Exchange (or any other exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect 
accurately the Price of the relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The application and 
redemption procedures for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the role of certain Authorised 
Participants as market-makers are intended to minimise this potential difference or “tracking error”. 
However, the market price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be a function of supply and 
demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the 
bid/offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer’s ability to issue new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is subject to its ability to hedge 
its exposure under new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities with corresponding Commodity 
Contracts. Although MLI and CGML have each agreed to supply Commodity Contracts up to an 
Aggregate Outstanding Contracts Price of US$1,500,000,000, if demand for Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities exceeds these amounts and the Issuer is not able to create more Commodity 
Contracts, or if the demand for issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities exceeds the daily 
restrictions, then Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may trade at a premium to their underlying 
value (the Price). Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand for Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities abates or the Issuer is able to source more Commodity Contracts. Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities could trade at a discount to the Price if the Issuer has received 
redemption requests in excess of the Redemption Limit (which is a daily limit). 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of each type were first issued on various dates 
commencing in February 2012. There can be no assurance as to the depth of the secondary market (if 
any) in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, which will affect their liquidity and market price. 
 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Generally only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities, save in relation to redemptions where at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants or in other circumstances announced by the Issuer. The Issuer has agreed to 
use reasonable endeavours to ensure that there are at least two Authorised Participants. There can, 
however, be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer 
in applying for or redeeming Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Under the Facility Agreements each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate or delayed effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if the Commodity Contract Counterparty deems such person to be 
unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant for credit, compliance, general business policy or 
reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be no Authorised 
Participants, with the result that no Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities could be created. In such 
event it may also be difficult or impossible to sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on the London 
Stock Exchange or other exchanges at a price close to the Price therefor or within a reasonable time 
period, although Security Holders will be entitled to redeem their Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. 
 
Early Redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a 
Security Holder and at short notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Security

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is lower than 
it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security 
Holder, rather than on the date of the early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security 
Holder incurring a tax charge that it would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, if the early redemption 
takes place at a time when the cash value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities redeemed is 
lower than when they were purchased by the Security Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. 
Early redemption may occur in the following circumstances: 
 
General right to effect an early redemption 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that 
the Facility Agreement is terminated or two days’ notice in the event of a fall in Price relative to the 
Principal Amount) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities of a particular class. 
 
Early Redemption on default 
The Trustee may, at any time, in certain circumstances where an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Issuer (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the 
appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the whole of its assets) or certain 
types of default or breach event relating to a Commodity Contract Counterparty has occurred and is 
continuing, upon 20 business days’ notice to the Issuer to nominate a business day to be a date for the 
compulsory redemption for all affected Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Bloomberg may cease 
to publish a Commodity Index. If so, all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the class relating to 
that Commodity Index will be redeemed. 
 
Early Redemption due to significant fall in Price 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
class and the Price of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day, in each 
case converted into US Dollars at the relevant Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate. As each class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, it is 
in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for each relevant class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to 
avoid the Price of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount by 
the following measures: the Issuer may (i) where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by 
Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day the Price of any class of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such 
amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS 
announcement elect to redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class. The right 
pursuant to (ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal 
Amount such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount, subject to any further fall in the 
Price of any class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
 
Early Redemption of Multi-Tenor Securities following large same-day movements causing the price of 
the Commodity Contracts to fall to zero 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the same 
class as any Multi-Tenor Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time during any Trading Day and 
that such Commodity Contracts have been terminated then the Multi-Tenor Securities of such class will 
automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that day on the basis that the Price of such 
Multi-Tenor Securities shall be zero.  Security Holders are unlikely in that situation to receive any 
proceeds as the relevant Pool is unlikely in these circumstances to have sufficient assets to repay 
Security Holders any material sums on such Compulsory Redemptions as the only assets available for 
the redemption of the affected  Multi-Tenor Securities will be the Commodity Contracts whose value will 
be zero even if the Price of that class of Multi-Tenor Securities subsequently increases. 
 
Early Redemption due to hedging difficulty 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some 
or all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
hedging positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection 
with the Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer 
has, and will exercise, the right to redeem some or all of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of 
that class. 
 
Early Redemption for cause 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 trading days’ written notice, redeem 
any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by certain prohibited investors held by Security 
Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance with the 
Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
 
Early Redemption on termination 
MLI has only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 23 February 2012 
and CGML has only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 24 October 
2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement on three 
months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide Commodity 
Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses to terminate 
its Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless they are 
replaced by Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer will elect 
to redeem some or all of the outstanding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
See also “Other Legal Risks — Commodity Market Disruption” below. 
 
Commodity Price Risks 
Currency Hedging 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are priced off Commodity Indices which are intended as 
benchmarks for Australian Dollar, Euro and Pound Sterling investors wishing to invest in the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM or Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM (which are calculated in US 
Dollars) for which the effects of foreign exchange risk are hedged. 
Each Commodity Index is calculated by reference to the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index 
and provides a hedge against movements in the exchange rate between the US Dollar and the Currency 
of denomination of that Commodity Index, rebalanced on a daily basis. Such adjustment is made by 
adjusting the total theoretical futures positions represented by that Commodity Index on each Pricing 
Day to reflect the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on the Corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index since the immediately preceding Pricing Day. Such adjustment does not reflect a pure 
currency hedge (sometimes called a “quanto” hedge) in which the value in the relevant currency would 
rise or fall in direct proportion to rises and falls in the value in US Dollars of an unhedged investment as 
investors will remain exposed to the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on any change in the 
value of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index, between the daily adjustments (the intra- day 
changes). 
As the Commodity Indices are calculated by reference to Unhedged Commodity Indices the risks related 
to such Unhedged Commodity Indices will equally apply to an investment in Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
Currency 
The Price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of each class will be calculated in the Relevant 
Currency, being Australian Dollars, Euros or Sterling. To the extent that a Security Holder values 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in another currency, that value may be affected by changes in 
the exchange rate between the Relevant Currency and that other currency. 
 
Operational Risk Factors 
Exchange Limits 
U.S. futures exchanges and some other exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation 
in some futures contract prices that may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally 
referred to as “daily price fluctuation limits” and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any 
given day as a result of these limits is referred to as a “limit price”. Once the limit price has been reached 
in a particular contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond the limit, or trading may be limited for

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
a set time period. Limit prices have the effect of precluding trading in a particular contract or forcing the 
liquidation of contracts at potentially disadvantageous times or prices. These circumstances could 
adversely affect the value of any and all Unhedged Commodity Indices and, therefore, the market value 
of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and could disrupt applications for and redemptions of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the pricing thereof. 
Similarly, there may be an adverse effect on the ability to apply for Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities if regulations impose limits on the amount of positions in futures contracts (or if an exemption 
from such limits is reduced or revoked). Once a position limit has been reached, no trades may be made 
or trading may be limited. Position limits have the effect of precluding the trading of futures and may 
therefore affect a Commodity Contract Counterparty’s ability to create Commodity Contracts (due to an 
inability to hedge its position). 
 
Activities of Bloomberg, Commodity Contract Counterparties and Authorised Participants 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties and their affiliates are active traders in commodities markets, 
including in the physical markets for commodities, in the futures markets (on each of the Exchanges and 
on other commodity exchanges) and the over-the-counter markets, including trading of commodity 
swaps, options and other derivatives. These trading activities may present a conflict between the 
interests of holders of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the interests that the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties and their affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating 
transactions, including options and other derivatives transactions, for their customers and in accounts 
under their management. These trading activities, if they influence the value of the Unhedged Commodity 
Indices or any Commodity Index, could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities. Moreover, the Commodity Contract Counterparties or their affiliates 
have published and in the future expect to publish research reports with respect to some or all of the 
Commodity Indices or Unhedged Commodity Indices or components and physical commodities 
generally. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. The research should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities in any way and investors must make their own independent investigation 
of the merits of this investment. Any of these activities by the Commodity Contract Counterparties or 
their affiliates may affect the market price of the Commodity Indices or Unhedged Commodity Indices or 
components and the value of the Commodity Indices or Unhedged Commodity Indices and, therefore, 
the market value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. In addition, the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties and their affiliates may underwrite or issue other securities or financial instruments 
indexed to the Commodity Indices or Unhedged Commodity Indices and related indices and/or UBS 
Securities and Bloomberg may license the Commodity Indices or Unhedged Commodity Indices or 
related indices for publication or for use by unaffiliated third parties. Further, the Authorised Participants 
or their affiliates also trade in various sectors of the commodities markets. 
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security 
Holders and could have a negative impact on the Price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and 
could result in a loss to Security Holders. For example, a market maker in a financial instrument linked 
to the performance of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM or related indices may expect to hedge some 
or all of its position in that financial instrument. Purchase (or selling) activity in the underlying Unhedged 
Commodity Indices components in order to hedge the market maker’s position in the financial instrument 
may affect the market price of the futures contracts upon which the Unhedged Commodity Indices are 
based, which in turn would affect the value of those indices, the Commodity Indices and thus the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
With respect to any of the activities described above, none of UBS Securities, Bloomberg, the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties, BAC, CGMH, the Authorised Participants or their respective 
affiliates has any obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities into consideration at any time. 
 
Exchange Rate Risk 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange controls that 
could also affect the availability of a specified currency. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, 
it is possible that a currency may become unavailable. Governments may also issue a new currency to 
replace an existing currency or alter the exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by a 
devaluation or revaluation of a currency. For example, in 2015, the Swiss National Bank unexpectedly 
removed the cap on the value of Swiss francs versus the euro. This caused large movements in the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Price of Swiss franc relative to the euro and impacted upon many financial products at the time that 
referenced such currencies. Such actions or events may have an adverse effect on the performance of 
Commodity Indices that reflect a currency hedge referable to the Relevant Currency and, consequently, 
on the Price or availability of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
If the availability on any Trading Day of a market for converting currencies is adversely affected as a 
result of events and circumstances such as market illiquidity, imposition of foreign exchange rate controls 
or changes in regulation, such Trading Day may be classified as a FX Market Disruption Day, resulting 
in the inability to create or cancel Commodity Contracts. If a FX Market Disruption Event occurs and five 
or more General Trading Days are FX Market Disruption Days then the Calculation Agent is required to 
calculate and provide to the Issuer a substitute Foreign Exchange Rate in respect of each Currency on 
each subsequent General Trading Day for as long as the FX Market Disruption Event continues. On 
each General Trading Day in respect of which a substitute Foreign Exchange Rate is provided, that day 
will not be a FX Market Disruption Day. However, there can be no guarantee that the Calculation Agent 
will calculate and provide such substitute Foreign Exchange Rate. 
It is also possible that as a result of restrictions on holding or exchanging currencies a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty may be unable to create or cancel Commodity Contracts resulting in such an 
event being classified as a FX Restriction Event. 
In the event of a FX Market Disruption Event, unless and until a substitute foreign exchange rate is 
provided as referred to above, or the event of a FX Restriction Event and for so long as the FX Restriction 
Event is occurring, the Commodity Contract Counterparties will not be obliged to create or cancel 
Commodity Contracts, in which case the Issuer will be unable to issue or Redeem Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities. This may result in the Security Holder being unable to redeem the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities when desired or at all which may result in the Security Holder suffering 
a loss. 
 
Index Calculations by UBS Securities and by Bloomberg 
The Issuer is not affiliated with Bloomberg or UBS Securities in any way (except for the agreements and 
licensing arrangements described in this Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict their actions, 
including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the 
calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM or related indices (including the Commodity Indices). 
The policies of UBS Securities and Bloomberg concerning the calculation of the level of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM or related indices (including the Commodity Indices), additions, deletions or 
substitutions of Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components and the manner in which changes affecting 
the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components are reflected in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and 
related indices (including the Commodity Indices) could adversely affect the value of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM or related indices (including the Commodity Indices) and, therefore, the market value 
of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Additional commodity futures contracts may satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion on the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM, and commodity futures contracts currently included in the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM may fail to satisfy such criteria. The weighting factors applied to each included futures contract 
may change annually, based on changes in commodity production and volume statistics. In addition, 
UBS Securities and Bloomberg may modify the methodology for determining the composition and 
weighting of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices, for calculating their respective 
values in order to assure that the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices represent an 
adequate measure of market performance or for other reasons, or for calculating the values of the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices (including the Commodity Indices). Any such 
changes could adversely affect the market value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI has agreed that in the 
event Bloomberg ceases to calculate and publish any Commodity Index, it as Calculation Agent will use 
its reasonable endeavours to calculate settlement values of such Commodity Indices for each Pricing 
Day using the same methodology and processes for each individual commodity as are used from time 
to time for the calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexesSM Currency-Hedged Versions but there is no assurance that those indices will continue to be 
published. If the Commodity Indices or any of them cease to be published, the Issuer will endeavour to 
ensure that replacement indices are published, but there is no assurance that this will be achieved. In 
that event some or all of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may be redeemed. 
Under the Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI, if it considers that, as a result of the application in the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, any calculation, determination or provision by the 
Calculation Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency 
Agreement in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, may give a 
notice to that effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer 
should it subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly 
burdensome). See “EU Benchmarks Regulation” below. 
In certain circumstances under the Facility Agreements and the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
including where a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Commodity Index occurs on five or more 
consecutive Trading Days (irrespective of whether a Commodity Index is published for those Trading 
Days), the Calculation Agent is required to calculate a substitute value for each Trading Day thereafter 
while that circumstance persists. While the Calculation Agent is required to act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (i) it owes no duty to any Security Holder or the Trustee in respect of 
any determination made by it and (ii) any such substitute value may differ from the Commodity Index. 
From time to time commodities presently represented in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM may cease 
to be included therein. In that event, an Individual Commodity Index in respect of that commodity may 
cease to be published. If this occurs, all Individual Securities of that class will be redeemed. 
MLI and CGML are each parties to facility agreements with WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, 
each an Affiliate of the Issuer, in relation to securities tracking Unhedged Commodity Indices and their 
exposures under those and any other similar agreements, and their hedging activities in connection with 
those exposures may affect their abilities to create Commodity Contracts under the Facility Agreements. 
There may also be a risk of future regulations which may affect the Issuer or a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty. Such new regulation may include, but is not limited to, the Issuer being subject to 
registration with and regulation by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission if it is deemed a 
market participant in the futures market and the Issuer may accordingly be subject to limits on such 
futures. This may result in the inability to apply for and redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
and/or disruption to the pricing thereof. 
 
Counterparty 
Counterparty Credit Risk and Default 
The value of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay the Redemption 
Amount is dependent on the receipt of such amount from a Commodity Contract Counterparty, and may 
be affected by the deterioration of the credit and/or a downgrade in the credit rating of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties (or any of them). Such deterioration/downgrade in the credit or credit rating of 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties (or any of them) could cause Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to trade at a discount to the Price and could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
The Commodity Contracts issued by MLI are guaranteed by BAC, but are not guaranteed by any other 
entity within the BAC Group or by any other person and the Commodity Contracts issued by CGML are 
guaranteed by CGMH, but are not be guaranteed by any other entity within the Citigroup Group or by 
any other person. There can be no assurance that any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor 
will be able to fulfil its respective payment obligations under the relevant Commodity Contracts and 
Facility Agreement or Guarantee (as the case may be). 
The Issuer will not operate any risk-spreading policies and has Facility Agreements only with MLI and 
CGML. The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other Facility Agreements with other Commodity 
Contract Counterparties, but it will not be the Issuer’s intention to enter into other Facility Agreements 
for the purposes of spreading counterparty risk. 
If at any given time there are two or more Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them, the 
“Lower Credit”, has its credit rating downgraded or has defaulted on its obligations to redeem 
Commodity Contracts, then, under the Pool splitting mechanism discussed under the heading 
“Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” in Part 4 (Description of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities), the Issuer can separate out the Lower Credit by issuing to 
the relevant Security Holders new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities supported only by the 
Commodity Contracts of the Lower Credit. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to 
redeem such new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities at their Price or even at all, and such new 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may not be admitted to trading on any exchange. Accordingly, 
a Security Holder could end up holding new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities that they are

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
unable to sell and which may have limited or no value. If the Issuer is considering exercising its power 
to implement a Pool split it will not be required to have regard to any proposed but not yet implemented 
Pool split when allocating Commodity Contracts to one or more of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties. Accordingly, shortly after receiving its Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities a 
Security Holder could be treated as owning Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities attributable to the 
Lower Credit which may affect the ability of such Security Holder to redeem those Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. In circumstances where the Issuer is considering exercising its power to 
implement a Pool split in respect of a particular Pool it may, upon notice to Security Holders, suspend 
the right to Redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the class or classes attributable to 
such Pool. Accordingly, a Security Holder may be unable to sell those Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and such securities may have limited or no value during the period of such suspension. 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as referred to above and in accordance with 
Condition 18.3, the Conditions provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in 
which case certain other timings may apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as 
having been given in respect of the Pool to which following the division are attributable Commodity 
Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparty to which the corresponding Commodity Contract 
Termination had been allocated. This may have the effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a 
valid Redemption Form prior to a division becoming effective will be treated following the division as 
owning only Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities attributable to a single Pool rather than both Pools 
as described under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” 
in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities), and this could be the Pool to which 
Commodity Contracts with the Lower Credit are transferred. 
 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
If the Trustee enforces its security, and takes control of a Collateral Account, the factors referred to in 
“Realisation of Collateral” and “Prior Security and Subordination Covenant” above will also apply. In 
addition, the Trustee is dependent upon the Issuer to make or cause to be made and publish its 
calculations of the Price of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and consequently of any 
Redemption Amount as referred to in Condition 5.10. If the Issuer is insolvent, or for other reasons, the 
Issuer may not make and publish such calculations. In such circumstances, there can be no assurance  
that the Trustee will be able to perform such calculations, or to find a third party able and willing to 
perform such calculations for it. The Prices of all classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are 
determined in accordance with a formula and (save in respect of certain specific elements or in the case 
of market disruptions) there is no provision for a calculation agent to make a conclusive determination 
of the Price. There can therefore also be no assurance that any Price or Redemption Amount which is 
calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee will accord with that calculated by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, or (in the event of a Compulsory Redemption) that the day upon which the Price 
payable by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to the Issuer is calculated under the relevant Facility 
Agreement will be the same as the day on which the Price or Redemption Amount payable on the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be calculated (so that there may be a mismatch). 
Accordingly, following a Counterparty Event of Default there may be delays in obtaining a Price for 
certain classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which could result in a Security Holder being 
unable to redeem their securities. There may also be inaccuracies in the Price calculation which could 
result in losses to Security Holders. 
 
Calculation Agent Conflicts of Interest 
In addition to being the obligor under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI is also the Calculation Agent under 
both the MLI Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument). In acting as 
Calculation Agent, MLI is obliged to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, but 
otherwise its calculations are binding in the absence of manifest error. The role of MLI as Calculation 
Agent may give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders. 
Commodity Contract Counterparty Withholding 
In certain circumstances where a Commodity Contract Counterparty considers that an amount payable 
by it in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination is, may be or may be about to be required by any 
applicable law of the United States to be paid subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, by law (as modified by the 
practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect, then it may give 30 days’ notice 
to the Issuer under the Facility Agreement and until the expiry of such notice it will be obliged to “gross-
up” the amounts so payable by it subject (in the case where the beneficial holder of the relevant 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities being redeemed is not an Authorised Participant) to provision 
to the Commodity Contract Counterparty of certain beneficial owner certifications to allow the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty (if possible) to pay the relevant amount without any such deduction 
or withholding, or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate. Payment on redemption to 
persons who are not Authorised Participants may in these circumstances be subject to their giving to 
the Issuer and the Commodity Contract Counterparty such beneficial owner certifications. Following the 
expiry of such 30 days’ notice, the Commodity Contract Counterparty will not be obliged to “gross-up” 
any amounts payable by it and if the Issuer makes payment on Redemption only of the net amount so 
paid, that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation. 
 
Legal Risk 
Realisation of Collateral 
In the event that the Issuer enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and Control Agreement to 
take control of the Collateral Accounts of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Collateral in those 
Collateral Accounts may not be of sufficient value to cover all Redemption Amounts payable to investors 
because: (i) enforcement of its rights by the Issuer may have resulted from the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty failing to post Collateral to the Collateral Accounts to the aggregate value of the Collateral 
Exposure; (ii) the Collateral Accounts are only required to contain assets to the value of the Collateral 
Exposure as at the close of the immediately preceding Business Day on which the calculations and 
valuations are made and there may be a number of days between such valuations occurring and the 
date on which the Issuer takes control of the Collateral Accounts, during which time a significant 
difference between the value of the Collateral in the Collateral Accounts and the Collateral Exposure 
could arise; (iii) the value of the assets in the Collateral Accounts is not correlated to the Collateral 
Exposure and may fall due to market conditions; (iv) the assets in each Collateral Account are not 
required to be denominated in the Relevant Currency and the value of such assets may fall due to 
exchange rate movements against the Relevant Currency; (v) the Collateral Exposure could rise due to 
market conditions; (vi) the Collateral Exposure as reported for the purposes of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s obligation to post Collateral when such Collateral was last posted may be less than the 
aggregate amounts due to Security Holders and others out of the proceeds realised from such Collateral; 
(vii) the Issuer (or the Trustee) may not be able to realise some or all of the assets in the Collateral 
Accounts at the prices at which they were valued, even after allowing for the application of valuation 
percentages; (viii) payment in respect of Redemption Amounts are required to be made in US Dollars 
and there may be costs involved in converting the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral into US Dollars 
or the Issuer may otherwise be unable to convert such proceeds into US Dollars; or (ix) there may be 
certain costs associated with the Issuer’s realisation of the assets in the Collateral Accounts. In addition 
there can be no certainty as to the timeliness of any such enforcement. 
Under the terms of each Control Agreement, the Securities Intermediary may utilise depositories, banks 
or other financial institutions in connection with the custody of the Collateral. In the event that the Issuer 
enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and Control Agreement to take control of the Collateral 
Account of a Commodity Contract Counterparty and Collateral is held with such depository, bank or other 
financial institution as arranged by the Securities Intermediary: (i) the Issuer may not be able to recover 
all sums due to it and may not therefore have sufficient amounts to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations 
to Security Holders; and/or (ii) it may take longer to realise the Collateral and a Security Holder may 
therefore experience delays in receiving amounts due to them. 
If the amounts received by the Issuer upon the realisation of Collateral (whether realised from the 
Securities Intermediary or any such depositories, banks or other financial institutions instructed by the 
Securities Intermediary) are not sufficient fully to cover the Issuer’s payment obligations to Security 
Holders then a Security Holder may incur a loss which may be significant. 
 
Prior Security and Subordination Covenant 
A Commodity Contract Counterparty may have given, or may in the future give, security to the Securities 
Intermediary for the purposes of its business generally to secure all amounts owed by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty to the Securities Intermediary on any account whatsoever, or for other purposes. 
Such security may be expressed to cover all accounts of the Commodity Contract Counterparty with the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Securities Intermediary, and thus extend to the Collateral Accounts and the collateral placed within them. 
In the absence of any other agreement, such security would rank ahead of that granted to the Issuer. 
Under each Control Agreement, the Securities Intermediary has agreed that any security interest in or 
lien on or right of set-off with respect to any of the Collateral that the Securities Intermediary now or in 
the future may have is subordinated to the security interest granted in favour of the Issuer by the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty under the Security Agreement, except to the extent of any fees, 
charges, expenses and other amounts owed to the Securities Intermediary and incurred in connection 
with the performance of its duties under the Control Agreement and the maintenance and operation of 
the Collateral Accounts, for which the Securities Intermediary will have a prior claim to the Collateral in 
the Collateral Accounts to the extent of the fees, charges, expenses and other amounts owed to the 
Securities Intermediary and so incurred in respect of the Collateral Accounts. In addition to the matters 
referred to under the heading “Realisation of Collateral” above, realisation of assets in the Collateral 
Accounts in order to meet Redemption Amounts will be dependent on the Securities Intermediary 
complying with its obligations under the Control Agreements, including the agreement referred to in the 
previous sentence. If the Securities Intermediary, or an insolvency officer of the Securities Intermediary, 
were to enforce its security and take the proceeds, in breach of the provisions of the Control Agreement, 
the Issuer might be left with only an unsecured claim against the Securities Intermediary. In addition the 
fact of the existence of any such security may complicate or postpone any realisation notwithstanding 
the provisions of the Control Agreement. 
There can be no assurance that other entities may not have, or may not claim to have, security over, or 
other property rights to, the Collateral Accounts and any property in them. 
 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Pursuant to the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) EU member states 
were required to introduce a recovery and resolution framework for banks and significant investment 
firms (“institutions”) giving national competent and resolution authorities powers of intervention where 
such an institution is deemed to be failing or likely to fail. Although the UK is no longer a member of the 
EU, BRRD continues to apply in the UK as retained EU law pursuant to the terms of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Among other things the BRRD provides for the introduction of a “bail-in tool” under which resolution 
authorities may write down claims of the institution’s shareholders and creditors and/or convert such 
claims into equity. Exceptions to this include secured liabilities, client assets and client money. If 
following a bail-in it is determined, based on a post-resolution valuation, that shareholders or creditors 
whose claims have been written down or converted into equity have incurred greater losses than they 
would have done had the institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, the 
BRRD provides that they are entitled to payment of the difference. 
Other powers of intervention include the power to close out open derivatives positions, temporarily to 
suspend payment or delivery obligations, restrict or stay the enforcement of security interests and 
suspend termination rights. 
Under BRRD policy, financial public support of an institution should only be used as a last resort after 
all other measures (including bail-in) have been assessed and exploited to the fullest extent possible. 
As MLI and CGML are both UK financial institutions, they are subject to BRRD. BRRD applies 
automatically in the case of agreements governed by any European Economic Area law (such as the 
Facility Agreements and the Commodity Contracts) and institutions are required by BRRD to ensure that 
agreements governed by other laws include a term under which the creditor of the institution covered by 
BRRD recognises the liability may be subject to the exercise of write-down and conversion powers. As 
the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML 
Control Agreement are governed by New York law, they include (or separately incorporate) such 
acknowledgments. 
The implementation of a resolution process in relation to an institution which is a counterparty to or 
obligor of the Issuer could result in a bail-in being exercised in respect of any unsecured claims the 
Issuer has against that institution. As a result, the amount outstanding under such claims could be 
reduced to zero or converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership in the institution or 
the terms of such claims could be varied. 
The application of BRRD to an institution could also result in derivatives positions (including Commodity

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Contracts) held by the Issuer with the institution being closed out or terminated, and delays in the ability 
of the Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of collateral or otherwise against the institution concerned. 
Any payment of compensation due to the Issuer as a result of the Issuer being worse off as a result of 
a bail-in is likely to be delayed until after the completion of the resolution process and may prove to be 
less than anticipated or expected or may be the subject of dispute. 
 
U.S. Stay Resolution Provisions 
Regulations (“U.S. SRR Provisions”) have been adopted by U.S. prudential regulators in respect of 
certain entities that are part of a banking organisation designated as a global-systemically important 
banking organisation. The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to banking entities (collectively “Covered 
Entities”) that are (1) deemed to be global systemically important U.S. banking organisations (“U.S. 
GSIBs”) or that meet an asset size threshold, (2) certain subsidiaries of a U.S. GSIB and (3) certain 
U.S. operations of systemically important non-U.S. banking organisations. The U.S. SRR Provisions 
seek to reduce the potential that the resolution of a Covered Entity will be disorderly and lead to 
disruptive asset sales and liquidations which prudential regulators are concerned could spark a broad 
financial crisis. 
The effect of the U.S. SRR Provisions is to eliminate certain contractual rights in certain financial 
contracts (“qualified financial contracts”), such as agreements relating to swaps, currency forwards 
and other derivatives as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, such that 
the counterparties to these contracts (a) are subject to a stay for a specified time period during which 
they will be prevented from closing out a qualified financial contract if the Covered Entity is subject to 
resolution proceedings and (b) are prohibited from exercising default rights due to a receivership or 
similar proceeding of an affiliate of the Covered Entity. In some instances the U.S. prudential regulator 
administering the resolution could transfer the qualified financial contracts to another financial institution 
that is not in an insolvency proceeding. 
The Issuer believes that each of the Counterparties and its Guarantor is a Covered Entity and that the 
Commodity Contracts and Guarantees to which it is a party are qualified financial contracts to which the 
U.S. SRR Provisions apply. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to qualified financial contracts that are governed by U.S. law 
and to U.S. persons, but they also require Covered Entities to include in all qualified financial contracts 
that are not governed by U.S. law (or the law of a State of the United States) contractual provisions 
reflecting the requirements of the U.S. SRR Provisions that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, 
such as the Issuer, to exercise certain close-out, cross-default and similar rights under certain 
conditions. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions came into force on various dates that commenced in January 2019 and were 
due to be complied with by 1 July 2019. 
The Facility Agreements are governed by English law and accordingly each of the Counterparties is 
required to amend its Facility Agreement with the Issuer to include such provisions, failing which it may 
have been unable to continue to create Commodity Contracts. The U.S. SRR Provisions enable 
compliance either by bilateral agreement or by adherence to a standard ISDA protocol. The Issuer 
adhered to the ISDA® 2018 US Resolution Stay Protocol with effect from 28 June 2019. 
Implementation of these requirements may increase credit, close-out and other risks in respect of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. As no resolution of a Covered Entity has taken place with the 
U.S. SRR Provisions in effect, it is unclear how they will operate in practice. There is however a risk 
that, in the event of a default of a Commodity Contract Counterparty and where the powers or required 
contractual provisions under the U.S. SRR Provisions are exercised, Security Holders may incur losses 
because during this period, for example because: 
(a) 
Security Holders may be unable to Redeem their Currency-Hedged and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and so would not be able to realise their investment at a time and value of their 
choosing; 
(b) 
the Issuer may be prevented from giving notice to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
of a Compulsory Pricing Date under the relevant Facility Agreement which, if all Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities of a particular class are to be Redeemed, could prevent the Issuer from 
redeeming such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, which could delay a Security Holder 
realising their investment; and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
(c) 
the assets in any Pool may be reduced, so that Security Holders (for the corresponding class) 
would receive less than the Price of their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on a 
subsequent Redemption or Compulsory Redemption. 
 
Commodity Market Disruption 
Futures exchanges have the potential to suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures at the 
exchange or the imposition of volume or price restrictions. Such events could cause a Trading Day to 
be classified as a Commodity Market Disruption Day, resulting in it not being possible to price one or 
more classes of Commodity Securities that day. If a Commodity Index is not published for five or more 
consecutive General Trading Days by reason of those General Trading Days being Commodity Market 
Disruption Days in relation to that Commodity Index then the Calculation Agent is required to calculate 
and provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Commodity Index on each subsequent General 
Trading Day for as long as the Commodity Market Disruption Event continues. On each General Trading 
Day in respect of which a substitute value for that Commodity Index is provided, that day will not be a 
Commodity Market Disruption Day. However, there can be no guarantee that the Calculation Agent will 
calculate and provide such substitute value. The occurrence of a Commodity Market Disruption Event 
may therefore cause a delay in the application or redemption process (where settlement pricing is being 
used) which could adversely affect potential or existing Security Holders. In addition, where a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs, the change in Price of a Currency- Hedged Commodity 
Security may not track precisely (before fees and adjustments) the daily change in the level of the 
relevant Commodity Index. 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer. In particular, Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, the Trustee, 
the Registrar, Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other 
member of the BAC Group, CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group, any direct or indirect 
shareholder of the Issuer or any of the Authorised Participants. The Issuer is a special purpose company 
established for the purpose of issuing exchange traded commodities (ETCs) as asset-backed securities. 
If the net proceeds of realisation of the Secured Property in respect of a particular Pool, following 
enforcement of the Security Deed applicable to that Pool, are less than the aggregate amount payable 
in such circumstances by the Issuer in respect of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class, 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be limited 
to the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured Property. In such circumstances the assets (if any) of 
the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant Pool will not be available for payment of such 
shortfall, the rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive any further amounts in respect of such 
obligations shall be extinguished and none of the Security Holders or the Trustee may take any further 
action to recover such amounts. For this purpose Collateral posted in a Collateral Account relating to 
one Currency will be used to satisfy the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations in 
respect of its Commodity Contracts denominated in that Currency and any surplus thereafter used to 
satisfy any balance of its obligations in respect of its other Commodity Contracts. In these 
circumstances, the Security Holder would suffer a loss. 
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority of payments in accordance 
with the Trust Instrument, further details of which are set out in Condition 16 (Application of Moneys) in 
Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). Following the priority of 
payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return the full Redemption 
Amount to investors who may suffer a loss as a result. 
 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security on 
behalf of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) 
by a Security Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed; or 
(b) 
if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer or certain types of default or breach event relating 
to a Commodity Contract Counterparty has occurred and is continuing, (i) in writing by Security 
Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature) of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding, or (ii) by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. In circumstances

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right to proceed 
directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property 
in relation to any Pool. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted 
by the Security Deed, such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that 
jurisdiction and/or such assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured 
by the Security Deed. 
The Issuer has taken the following steps to perfect the security granted under the Security Deed relating 
to the Security Agreements: (a) the Issuer has notified the Securities Intermediary of the security so 
granted in writing and the Securities Intermediary has in writing acknowledged to the Issuer and the 
Trustee such notification; and (b) the Issuer’s grant of the security interest is expressly acknowledged 
in the Control Agreements with provision made under the Control Agreements for the Securities 
Intermediary to act on the instructions of the Trustee enforcing the security. 
The Issuer may take further steps if required in order to perfect such security under English law. However 
the security so granted may not be recognised or perfected under the laws of other jurisdictions in which 
some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in relation to any Pool may be deemed to be 
located. 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
If MLI as Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it considers that, as a result of the application in the 
United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, any calculation, determination or provision by the 
Calculation Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency 
Agreement in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a 
notice to that effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer 
should it subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly 
burdensome), in which event: 
• 
the Issuer may suspend the redemption by Settlement Pricing (but not by Agreed Pricing) of that 
class for up to 90 days; 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under 
the Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of the relevant class by 
Settlement Pricing; 
• 
if such suspension has been in effect for at least 30 days, the Issuer may redeem compulsorily 
the Commodity Securities of the relevant class on not less than two Business Days’ notice; and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a 
substitute index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, such approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days 
(or such shorter or longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not 
within 75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or 
appointed a replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the 
Issuer may elect by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity 
Contracts be cancelled on not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable 
Commodity Securities will be redeemed). 
 
Change to Designated Contracts and/or Roll Period 
The choice of Designated Contracts, Designated Month Contracts and the Roll Period used to price 
each Individual Commodity Index is determined by Bloomberg in conjunction with UBS Securities and 
may be changed from time to time. The termination or replacement of any Designated Contract or 
Designated Month Contract and/or the change to a Roll Period may have an adverse impact on the 
value of an Individual Commodity Index. 
 
 Changes to Pricing Provisions 
Where Settlement Pricing is to be used for a Redemption, a Price in the Relevant Currency will be

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
determined for each class relevant to such Redemption on the day the Redemption Form is lodged or 
deemed lodged if it is a Pricing Day for that class; if it is not then (unless withdrawn where permitted 
under the Conditions) the Conditions (and the Facility Agreements in respect of the corresponding 
Commodity Contracts) contain provisions designed to determine a Price based on the value of 
equivalent underlying futures contract positions for days following the day the Redemption Form is 
lodged or deemed lodged until values can be determined for all equivalent underlying futures contract 
positions. Under the Conditions, the Issuer may amend these provisions (and corresponding changes 
to the Facility Agreements) without the consent of the Trustee if the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that 
the Issuer and the Commodity Contract Counterparties consider that such provisions (and the 
corresponding provisions in the Facility Agreements) do not operate or have the effect in relation to days 
that are or follow a Market Disruption Day they intended. 
 
‘Brexit’ 
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015 of the UK, a referendum on the United Kingdom's 
membership of the European Union (EU) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the 
EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK Government gave notice under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European 
Union of the UK's intention to leave the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State 
of the EU. This cessation is subject to a withdrawal agreement between the UK and the remaining EU 
Member States which provides for a transition period lasting until December 2020 during which EU law 
continues to apply to the UK as if it remained a Member State. 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the UK’s departure from the EU remain uncertain, 
there could be short-term volatility which could have a negative impact on general economic conditions 
in the UK and business and consumer confidence in the UK, which may in turn have a negative impact 
elsewhere in the EU and more widely. The longer-term consequences may be affected by the terms of 
any future arrangements the UK has with the remaining Member States of the EU. Among other things, 
the UK’s departure from the EU could lead to instability in the foreign exchange markets, including 
volatility in the value of the pound sterling or the euro. 
Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business 
activity; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading 
portfolios resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the 
liquidity of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The transition period ended with arrangements in place between the UK and the Member States of the 
EU. The legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme is dependent on the terms of 
such arrangement. As at the date of this Prospectus, the potential effect on the legal and regulatory 
environment applicable to the Programme and to investors is unclear and may have adverse and/or 
unforeseeable consequences. 
 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions 
with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particular exposed to national, 
international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. 
The scope and requirements of regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer and the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties continues to change and evolve and there is a risk that as a result it may prove 
more difficult or impossible, or more expensive, for the Issuer or the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
to continue to carry on their functions in the manner currently contemplated, including a risk that future 
regulation of the commodity futures market may result in increased hedging costs for the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties or limits on the extent of their permitted hedging activities. This may require that 
changes are made in the future to the agreements applicable to the Programme and may result in 
changes to the commercial terms of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (such as reductions in 
the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits and/or increase in the amounts required by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties to cover their hedging costs, which would result in a reduction in the Capital 
Adjustment and hence a reduction in the Price) and/or the inability to apply for and Redeem Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. It is not intended to be a 
summary of or a complete description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment 
in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should only be made after careful consideration of this 
Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
 
What are Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities? 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are secured, undated limited recourse debt securities issued 
by WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, a Jersey company established as a special 
purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities have been designed to enable investors to gain exposure to daily 
changes in indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures contracts or 
baskets of commodity futures contracts for which the effects of foreign exchange risk are hedged, and 
to enable investors to buy and sell that interest through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
 
What are the Commodity Indices? 
The Commodity Indices and its sub-indices are indices which track movements in the price of individual 
commodity futures contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts for which the effects of foreign 
exchange risk are hedged. They are calculated by Bloomberg in conjunction with UBS Securities and 
published by Bloomberg and known as the Bloomberg Commodity Index family. 
 
How do Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities provide a return based on the movements of 
Commodity Indices? 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities provide exposure (before fees and adjustments and in the 
absence of Market Disruption Events) to movements in the level of a Commodity Index, such that if the 
level of the Commodity Index falls the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security will also fall (and 
vice versa). 
 
How do the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities minimise the impact of exchange rate 
movements? 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities aim to minimise the impact of exchange rate movements on 
an Australian Dollar, Euro or Pound Sterling investor’s return by tracking indices which hedge on a daily 
basis the exposure to commodity futures against exchange rate movements between the US Dollar and 
the Australian Dollar, Euro or Pound Sterling, respectively. 
 
Do the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities provide a pure hedge against the impact of 
exchange rate movements? 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities do not provide a pure currency hedge (sometimes called a 
“quanto” hedge) in which the value in the relevant currency would rise or fall in direct proportion to rises 
and falls in the value in US Dollars of an unhedged investment as investors will remain exposed to the 
effect of foreign exchange rate movements on any change in the value of commodity futures between 
the daily adjustments of the currency hedge (the intra-day changes). 
 
How does the Issuer back its exposure to Commodity Indices? 
Each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is backed by an equal number of Commodity 
Contracts of the same class entered into with a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a 
Facility Agreement. 
Under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds of that class of Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Security to the Commodity Contract Counterparty and in return the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty provides the Issuer with an equal number of Commodity Contracts of the same

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
class. The Commodity Contracts of a particular class will provide the Issuer with exposure to the daily 
change of the value of the relevant Commodity Index (less fees, expenses and other adjustments) for 
an amount equal to the issue proceeds of the related class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty is also required to post collateral with respect to the Commodity 
Contracts as described under “What is the purpose of the collateral?” below. 
 
What is the Price? 
The Price of a particular class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is calculated in accordance 
with a set formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their investment?). The Price reflects the daily change in the value of the 
Commodity Index and the applicable fees payable by a Security Holder in respect of that class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
When will the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security be published? 
The Price for a particular Pricing Day will be published on the Issuer’s website on the next Business Day 
at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing 
 
What is a Commodity Contract Counterparty? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are entities with which the Issuer has entered into a Facility 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer will purchase Commodity Contracts from the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty. As at the date of this Prospectus, MLI and CGML are the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties under the Programme. 
 
Is an investment in a Commodity Index the same as investing in the underlying commodities? 
An investment in a Commodity Index is not the same as investing directly in the underlying commodities. 
Importantly, an investment in a Commodity Index does not give any ownership interest, right or 
entitlement to any actual commodity or commodity futures contract. Any amounts payable on the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be in cash, and the holders of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any commodity or commodity futures 
contract at any time. 
 
Who makes calculations in respect of a Commodity Index? 
The Commodity Indices are constructed and published pursuant to a joint arrangement between    UBS 
Securities and Bloomberg. The Bloomberg Commodity  IndexSM  and  its  sub-indices (including the 
Commodity Indices and the Multi-Tenor Indices) are published on Bloomberg’s website at 
http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices. 
 
Index 
value 
and 
performance 
data 
on 
each 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
Index 
via 
https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/[Index Ticker]:IND.  
For example, information on the Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-Tenor ER Index (BBG Ticker: BCOMTER) 
can be accessed via the following link: https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/BCOMTER:IND.     
 
What is the purpose of the collateral? 
The Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds for each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security to the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in return for that Commodity Contract Counterparty entering into an 
equivalent number of Commodity Contracts of such class. 
This means that the Issuer will have a credit exposure to the Commodity Contract Counterparty with 
respect to the amounts owed to the Issuer under the terms of the Commodity Contracts. To reduce this 
exposure the Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post collateral to a collateral account held 
in the Commodity Contract Counterparty’s name with The Bank of New York Mellon. 
In the event that the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults on its payment obligations under a 
Commodity Contract, then the Issuer will be entitled to take control over a Collateral Account and the 
collateral within it for the purposes of realising the collateral. The Issuer would then sell such collateral 
with the aim of satisfying the amounts owed to it by the Commodity Contract Counterparty under a 
Commodity Contract, although in the event that the proceeds from selling the collateral are less than the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
amounts owed by the Commodity Contract Counterparty then the Issuer may not in turn be able to pay 
the full amount owed to Security Holders. 
 
What happens if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults? 
If the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults then the Issuer would be expected to cease to enter 
into Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparty. A Counterparty Event of Default 
would include circumstances where the Commodity Contract Counterparty has failed to pay amounts 
due in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination and has failed to rectify such failure to pay within a 
certain time limit. 
Upon default the Issuer may also look to close out the existing Commodity Contracts in place with the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in receipt for the cash owed to it under such Commodity Contracts 
and seek to realise the collateral (as referred to in the question above). 
 
When can a Commodity Contract Counterparty elect to terminate Commodity Contracts? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty may, on giving not less than three months’ prior written notice to 
the Issuer, elect to compulsorily redeem all classes of Commodity Contracts or, in the event that the 
Issuer has defaulted on certain of its obligations to the Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
Facility Agreement, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may compulsorily redeem all classes of 
Commodity Contracts on not less than two Business Days’ notice. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty also has the right to terminate some or all of the Commodity 
Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging positions which 
(acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility Agreement 
or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has, and will exercise, the 
right to redeem some or all of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class. 
Other termination rights in favour of the Commodity Contract Counterparties include on the occurrence 
of a material adverse change (which itself includes a change in tax law). 
The Facility Agreements each have a term of ten years, in the case of MLI from 23 February 2012 and 
in the case of CGML from 24 October 2017, and in the event that such term expires and the parties do 
not agree to an extension then all classes of Commodity Contracts will also be compulsorily redeemed 
following such expiry. 
 
What happens if a Market Disruption Event occurs? 
If the level of a Commodity Index is not published due to a Market Disruption Event then the Calculation 
Agent will use a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated using the most recently 
reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event 
and using a fair market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Facility 
Agreements described in Condition 14.3 of the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities) for the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market 
Disruption Event. 
For these purposes, a Market Disruption Event may occur with respect to a Commodity Index where, 
for example, certain events occur which disrupt trading in the commodities that are comprised within the 
underlying commodity index or where an exchange on which those commodities trade closes early or 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Where calculations and determinations are made in relation to Commodity Contracts, the same 
calculations and determinations will be made in respect of the corresponding Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
Who is the Calculation Agent? 
MLI is acting as the Calculation Agent with respect to the Commodity Contracts under the Facility 
Agreements. It is not a calculation agent for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or for the 
Programme. The role of MLI as Calculation Agent is limited to the making of calculations and 
determinations in accordance with the terms of the Facility Agreements in respect of the Commodity 
Contracts thereunder.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
What is the Capital Adjustment? 
The Capital Adjustment forms part of the pricing formula for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
and will result in certain adjustments to the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security. The Capital 
Adjustment is described in greater detail under the heading "The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula" in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions that meet certain eligibility requirements and who have 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are 
allowed to buy and (in most cases) sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Authorised Participants may, but do not have to, act as market makers for the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities by buying and selling Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to and from 
investors either on exchange or in over the counter transactions. 
 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is 
to act as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Security 
Deed and the Trustee holds its rights on behalf of Security Holders (and itself). 
 
What is the cash value of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security? 
Each Currency-Hedged Commodity Security has a Price (which is an amount in US Dollars) which 
reflects the value of the corresponding Commodity Contracts and which also reduces each day to reflect 
the accrual of the fees payable in respect of that Currency-Hedged Commodity Security. All Security 
Holders will generally buy and sell their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on a stock exchange 
in return for cash. The cash value at which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will trade on 
exchange is expected to be close to the value of such Price. 
Further information and examples of how the Price is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a 
Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
 
How do I buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities? 
Generally only Authorised Participants may create and redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
directly with the Issuer at the Price on the relevant date. Once an Authorised Participant creates 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities with the Issuer it can then (i) choose to hold the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities itself; (ii) sell those securities on one of the stock exchanges on which 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities in private off exchange transaction (OTC); or (iv) redeem the Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
on any of the stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in 
the same way as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Transactions in Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can 
be done at any point during the Trading Day. Such purchases of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities will generally be done at a “bid price” and any sales of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities intraday will generally be done at an “offer price”. The bid and offer prices of an Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Security are expected to be close to the cash value of the Price of the relevant class 
of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on a particular day, however, they will not match exactly the 
Price because bid and offer prices also take account of other market conditions such as market liquidity 
(supply and demand) at the time that the investor is looking to buy or sell their Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of their initial investment. An investor can also lose part of their 
investment if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults — see section entitled “What happens if 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults” above.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and hold their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities cannot lose more than 
their initial investment. 
 
What is the minimum investment? 
One Currency-Hedged Commodity Security. 
 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged (within the Price) a Management Fee, an amount reflecting amounts owing to or 
owed by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to reflect the benefit or cost to the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty of selling Commodity Contracts to the Issuer and a licence allowance in respect of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Where an Authorised Participant subscribes for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, the Issuer 
may charge an Application Fee which will be payable in addition to the Price and, likewise, the Issuer 
may deduct an amount equal to the Redemption Fee from the amount payable on a redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Further information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
Investors who buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on exchange or in transactions 
other than with the Issuer may also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
 
Who is the “holder” of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities? 
If the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be 
the case), the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary 
for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or the person entered in the register as the Security 
Holder. As an investor, your rights in relation to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be 
governed by the contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold 
your interest in the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the contracts they have with the 
clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where this Prospectus describes a 
right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a Security Holder then your ability to benefit from or exercise 
such right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
 
Can the Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities? 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by 
UCITS. 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for 
collective investment in transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on 
the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, need to 
satisfy themselves that an investment in the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities would comply with 
any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, 
regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives. Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS which is a Security 
Holder to be in breach of its compliance obligations under the UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation or investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulation sanctions 
under its national regime.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
CLASSES OF CURRENCY-HEDGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The following are the classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities currently available for issue: 
 
Australian Dollar Commodity Securities 
 
Australian Dollar Classic Individual Securities 
LSE 
Code 
 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual Securities 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Aluminium – AUD Daily Hedged  
AALU  
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFAL 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – AUD Daily Hedged  
ABRT 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFBR 
WisdomTree Cocoa – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACOC 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFOC 
WisdomTree Coffee – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACOF 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFCF 
WisdomTree Copper – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACOP 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFCP 
WisdomTree Corn – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACOR 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFCN 
WisdomTree Cotton – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACTN 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFCT 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – AUD Daily Hedged  
AGOS 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFGO 
WisdomTree Gasoline – AUD Daily Hedged  
AGSL 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFGS 
WisdomTree Gold – AUD Daily Hedged  
ABUL 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFBL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – AUD Daily Hedged  
AHTO 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFHO 
WisdomTree Lead – AUD Daily Hedged 
ALEA 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFLA 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – AUD Daily Hedged  
ALHG 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFLH 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACTL 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFLC 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – AUD Daily Hedged  
ANGA 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFNG 
WisdomTree Nickel – AUD Daily Hedged  
ANIK 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFNK 
WisdomTree Platinum – AUD Daily Hedged  
APLT 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFPL 
WisdomTree Silver – AUD Daily Hedged  
ASVR 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFSV 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – AUD Daily Hedged  
ASOO 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily 
Hedged  
AFSO 
WisdomTree Soybeans – AUD Daily Hedged  
ASOY 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFSB 
WisdomTree Sugar – AUD Daily Hedged  
ASUG 
 WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFSG 
WisdomTree Tin – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
ATIN 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
AFTN 
WisdomTree Wheat – AUD Daily Hedged  
AWAT 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged   
AFWT 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – AUD Daily Hedged  
ACRD 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFCD 
WisdomTree Zinc – AUD Daily Hedged  
AZNC 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFZC 
 
Australian Dollar Classic Index Securities 
LSE 
Code 
 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Securities 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – AUD Daily Hedged  
AALL 
 
WisdomTree All Commodities Longer Dated – AUD Daily 
Hedged  
AFCM 
 
WisdomTree Energy – AUD Daily Hedged  
AENR 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFEN 
WisdomTree Petroleum – AUD Daily Hedged  
APTL 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFPT 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – AUD Daily Hedged  
AEXE 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  
AFEX 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – AUD Daily Hedged  
APMT 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  AFPM 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – AUD Daily Hedged  
AIMT 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – AUD Daily 
Hedged  
AFIM

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture – AUD Daily Hedged  
AAGR 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
AFAG 
WisdomTree Softs – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
ASFT 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
AFST 
WisdomTree Livestock – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
ALVT 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
AFLS 
WisdomTree Grains – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
AGRN 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
 
AFGR 
 
 
 
 
Euro Commodity Securities 
 
 
LSE 
 
 
 
LSE 
Euro Classic Individual Securities 
Code 
Euro Longer Dated Individual Securities 
Code 
WisdomTree Aluminium – EUR Daily Hedged 
EALU 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFAL 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged* 
EBRT 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFBR 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Cocoa – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECOC 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFOC 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Coffee – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECOF 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFCF 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Copper – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECOP 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFCP 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Corn – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECRN 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFCN 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Cotton – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECTN 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFCT 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
EGOS 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFGO 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Gasoline – EUR Daily Hedged 
EGSL 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFGS 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
EBUL 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFBL 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
EHTO 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFHO 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Lead – EUR Daily Hedged 
ELEA 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFLA 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – EUR Daily Hedged 
ELHG 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFLH 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECTL 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFLC 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – EUR Daily Hedged 
ENGS 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFNG 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Nickel – EUR Daily Hedged 
ENIK 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFNK 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Platinum – EUR Daily Hedged 
EPLA 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFPL 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
ESVR 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFSV 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
ESOO 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFSO 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Soybeans – EUR Daily Hedged 
ESOY 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFSB 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Sugar – EUR Daily Hedged 
ESUG 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFSG 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Tin – EUR Daily Hedged 
ETIN 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFTN 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Wheat – EUR Daily Hedged 
EWAT 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFWT 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
ECRD 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFCD 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Zinc – EUR Daily Hedged 
EZNC 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFZC 
 
 
 
 
 
LSE 
 
LSE 
Euro Classic Index Securities 
Code 
Euro Longer Dated Index Securities 
Code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – EUR Daily Hedged 
EALL 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated – EUR Daily 
Hedged 
EFCM 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Energy – EUR Daily Hedged 
EENR 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFEN 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Petroleum – EUR Daily Hedged 
EPET 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFPT 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – EUR Daily Hedged 
EEXE 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFEX 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – EUR Daily Hedged 
EPMT 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged EFPM 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – EUR Daily Hedged 
EIMT 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged EFIM 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture – EUR Daily Hedged 
EAGR 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFAG

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
WisdomTree Softs – EUR Daily Hedged 
ESFT 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFST 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Livestock – EUR Daily Hedged 
ELVT 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFLS 
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Grains – EUR Daily Hedged 
EGRN 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
EFGR 
 
 
 
 
 
Sterling Classic Individual Securities 
LSE 
Code 
 
Sterling Longer Dated Individual Securities 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Aluminium – GBP Daily Hedged  
PALU  
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFAL  
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – GBP Daily 
Hedged*  
PBRT 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
 
PFBR 
WisdomTree Cocoa – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCOC 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFOC 
WisdomTree Coffee – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCOF 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCF 
WisdomTree Copper – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCOP 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCP 
WisdomTree Corn – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCOR 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCN 
WisdomTree Cotton – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCTO 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCT 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – GBP Daily Hedged  
PGOS 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFGO 
WisdomTree Gasoline – GBP Daily Hedged  
PGSL 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFGS 
WisdomTree Gold – GBP Daily Hedged  
PBUL 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFBL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – GBP Daily Hedged  
PHTO 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFHO 
WisdomTree Lead – GBP Daily Hedged  
PLEA 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFLD 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – GBP Daily Hedged  
PLHG 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFLH 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – GBP Daily Hedged  
PCTL 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFLC 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – GBP Daily Hedged  
PNGA 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFNG 
WisdomTree Nickel – GBP Daily Hedged  
PNIK 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFNK 
WisdomTree Platinum – GBP Daily Hedged  
PPLT 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFPL 
WisdomTree Silver – GBP Daily Hedged  
PSVR 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFSV 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – GBP Daily Hedged  
PSOO 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFSO 
WisdomTree Soybeans – GBP Daily Hedged  
PSOY 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFSB 
WisdomTree Sugar – GBP Daily Hedged  
PSUG 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFSG 
WisdomTree Tin – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PTIN 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PFTN 
WisdomTree Wheat – GBP Daily Hedged   
PWAT 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged   
PFWT 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged*  
PCRD 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCD 
WisdomTree Zinc – GBP Daily Hedged  
PZNC 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
 
 
PFZC 
 
Sterling Classic Index Securities 
LSE 
Code 
 
Sterling Longer Dated Index Securities 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – GBP Daily Hedged  
 
PALL 
 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated –  
GBP Daily Hedged  
PFCM 
 
WisdomTree Energy – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PENR 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PFEN 
WisdomTree Petroleum – GBP Daily Hedged  
PPTL 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFPT 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – GBP Daily Hedged  
PEXE 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFEX 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – GBP Daily Hedged  
PPMT 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFPM 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – GBP Daily Hedged  
PIMT 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
PFIM

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PAGR 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
 
PFAG 
WisdomTree Softs – GBP Daily Hedged  
PSFT 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFST 
WisdomTree Livestock – GBP Daily Hedged  
PLVT 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFLS 
WisdomTree Grains – GBP Daily Hedged  
PGRN 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  
PFGR 
* denotes a class of Multi-Tenor Securities 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any 
other currency-hedged commodity index calculated and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any of 
its Affiliates) in accordance with the Handbook and denominated in any currency, provided that the 
Issuer can create matching Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. To the extent that this 
Prospectus does not provide full details of such class or classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and 
details of the relevant currency-hedged commodity index) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
LICENCES GRANTED TO THE ISSUER 
“Bloomberg®” and “Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM” are trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg 
Finance L.P. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by the Issuer. Neither Bloomberg nor 
UBS Securities are affiliated with the Issuer and Bloomberg and UBS Securities do not approve, 
endorse, review or recommend the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Neither Bloomberg nor 
UBS Securities guarantees the timeliness, accuracy or completeness of any data or information relating 
to the Bloomberg Commodity Indices. 
The Issuer has been granted a licence by Bloomberg and UBS Securities to price Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities based on various commodity indices calculated and published by Bloomberg, in 
conjunction with UBS Securities. All references to indices calculated or published by Bloomberg, in 
conjunction with UBS Securities, and in particular the Commodity Indices, are used with the permission 
of Bloomberg and UBS Securities.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires: 
“Acceptable Credit 
Rating” 
means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from 
 
“Administration 
Agreement”   
means  the  Administration  Agreement  dated  23  February  2012 
between R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer 
providing for certain administration, company secretarial and 
registrar services to be provided by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited to the Issuer 
 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with that person; and for this purpose, “control” of any entity or 
person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the 
entity or person 
 
“Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Contracts Price” 
means in respect of any day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
the US Dollar Equivalent of the sum of the Price on that day of each 
and every Commodity Contract then in existence with that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty (including Commodity Contracts 
in respect of which a Creation Notice has been given on or prior to 
that day and which have not been issued or cancelled, but excluding 
Commodity Contracts in respect of which a valid Cancellation Notice 
has been given on or before that day) 
 
“Agreed Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(b) 
 
“Agreed 
Redemption Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the 
 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for 
Commodity Securities 
 
“Application” 
means an offer by an Applicant to the Issuer to subscribe for 
Commodity Securities, being an offer on terms referred to in an 
Application Form and this document and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of 
 
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of 
 
“Application 
Moneys” 
means, for an Application, all moneys paid or to be paid to or to the 
 
“Australian Dollar” 
or “AUD” or “A$” 
means the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Classic Index 
Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Australian Dollar 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Classic Individual 
Security” 
 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Australian Dollar 
Classic Security” or 
“Australian Dollar 
Classic Currency-
Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Classic Individual Security or an 
Australian Dollar Classic Index Security 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Individual Security or an Australian Dollar 
Index Security 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Longer Dated Index 
Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Longer Dated 
Individual Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Longer Dated 
Security” or 
“Australian Dollar 
Longer Dated 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual Security or an 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Security 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Index Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Classic Index Security or an Australian 
Dollar Longer Dated Index Security 
 
“Australian Dollar 
Individual Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Classic Individual Security or an 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual Security 
 
“Authorised 
Participant” 
means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Commodity Securities and 
(except in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty which has 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer) 
has entered into a corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, and which is not an Unacceptable 
Authorised Participant in respect of that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, provided that no person shall be an Authorised 
Participant unless  and  until  the  Security  Conditions (if any) with 
respect to the Authorised Participant and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty shall have been satisfied and provided further that a 
person can be an Authorised Participant in respect of one Commodity 
Contract Counterparty but not another 
 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person 
under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised 
Participant”, distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in 
relation to Commodity Securities and if such agreement is subject to 
conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
satisfied 
“Authorised 
Person” 
means a person who is authorised for the purposes of the FSMA 
 
“BAC” 
means  Bank  of  America  Corporation,  a  corporation established 
under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States, and whose 
principal executive offices are at 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, 
NC 28255, United States 
 
“BAC Group” 
means BAC and its Affiliates, and includes MLI 
 
“BAC Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 23 February 2012 given by BAC to the 
Issuer in support of MLI’s payment obligations under the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and the MLI Control 
Agreement 
 
“BFIX Rate” 
in relation to any Currency and any day, means the BFIX rate for that 
Currency and that day available on the Bloomberg Professional® 
service, or any substitute for such rate agreed with each Commodity 
Contract Counterparty for the purposes of the Facility Agreements, in 
each case expressed as a number of US Dollars per Australian 
Dollar, a number of US Dollars per Euro or a number of US Dollars 
per Pound Sterling, provided that if Bloomberg makes available on 
the Bloomberg Professional® Service an amended or corrected BFIX 
rate for that Currency and that day by no later than 9:00 p.m. on that 
day, the BFIX Rate for that Currency and that day shall be such 
amended or corrected rate 
 
“BISL” 
means Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
 
“Bloomberg” 
means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the 
Affiliate of either of them 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM” 
 
means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM (formerly known as the 
Dow Jones – UBS Commodity IndexSM), calculated and published by 
Bloomberg, further information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 
Month ForwardSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM 
(formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM), calculated and published by Bloomberg, further 
information on which can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Australian Dollar 
Hedged DailySM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Australian Dollar Hedged 
DailySM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index 
Australian Dollar Hedged DailySM), calculated and published by 
Bloomberg, further information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Australian Dollar 
Hedged Daily 3 
Month ForwardSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Australian Dollar Hedged 
Daily 3 Month ForwardSM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS 
Commodity Index Australian Dollar Hedged Daily 3 Month 
ForwardSM), calculated and published by Bloomberg, further 
information on which can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Commodity Index Family) 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Euro Hedged 
DailySM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Euro Hedged DailySM 
(formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index Euro 
Hedged DailySM), calculated and published by Bloomberg, further 
information on which can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Euro Hedged Daily 
3 Month ForwardSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Euro Hedged Daily 3 Month 
ForwardSM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity 
Index Euro Hedged Daily 3 Month ForwardSM), calculated and 
published by Bloomberg, further information on which can be found 
in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Pound Sterling 
Hedged DailySM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Pound Sterling Hedged 
DailySM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index 
Pound Sterling Hedged DailySM), calculated and published by 
Bloomberg, further information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
Pound Sterling 
Hedged Daily 3 
Month ForwardSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index Pound Sterling Hedged 
Daily 3 Month ForwardSM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS 
Commodity Index Pound Sterling Hedged Daily 3 Month ForwardSM), 
calculated and published by Bloomberg, further information on which 
can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
“BNYM” or 
“Securities 
Intermediary” 
means the securities intermediary under each Security Agreement 
and includes The Bank of New York Mellon 
 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer 
 
“Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New 
York 
 
“Calculation 
Agency 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “CGML Calculation Agency 
Agreement relating to Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts” 
dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, CGML and MLI 
 
“Calculation Agent” 
means a person appointed by the Issuer to determine various 
matters in accordance with Condition 14, MLI being the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the MLI Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility 
Agreement 
 
“Cancellation 
Notice” 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty pursuant to a Facility Agreement which cancels the 
Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts corresponding with the 
Commodity Securities referred to in such Cancellation Notice 
 
“Capital 
Adjustment” 
means an adjustment factor to be included in the calculation of the 
Price which is agreed from time to time by the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties and the Issuer 
 
“Capital 
means agreements entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Adjustment 
Agreements” 
to Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and includes the MLI Capital 
Adjustment Agreement and the CGML Capital Adjustment 
Agreement 
“CBOT” 
means The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc 
 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland  
 
“Certificated” or 
“Certificated Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form 
 
“CGMH” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., a corporation 
incorporated in the State of New York 
 
“CGML” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated 
and registered in England and Wales with number 01763297 whose 
registered office is at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and includes its successors 
and assigns 
 
“CGML Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement 
relating to Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 
2017 between the Issuer and CGML 
 
“CGML Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into between 
the Issuer, CGML and the Securities Intermediary dated as of 29 
June 2017 
 
“CGML Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the 
Issuer and CGML entitled “CGML Facility Agreement relating to 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts 
 
“CGML Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 29 June 2017 which is in 
relation to and supplements the CGML Facility Agreement 
 
“CIP” 
means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook 
from time to time 
 
“Citigroup Group” 
means CGMH and its Affiliates, and includes CGML 
 
“Citigroup 
Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 29 June 2017 given by CGMH to the 
Issuer in support of CGML’s payment obligations under the CGML 
Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML 
Control Agreement 
 
“class” 
means a class of Commodity Securities under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment, and the corresponding class of 
Commodity Contracts under which any Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s obligations to make payment, are determined by 
reference to a particular Commodity Index 
 
“Classic 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Classic Security, a Euro Classic Security 
or a Sterling Classic Security

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
“Classic Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means an index calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to 
time in accordance with the Handbook, in each case by reference to 
the performance of an Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity 
Index and movements in the exchange rate of a specified currency 
against the US Dollar, more information on which can be found in Part 
3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and “Classic 
Composite Commodity Indices” means all of them 
 
“Classic Individual 
Commodity Index” 
means an index calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to 
time in accordance with the Handbook, in each case by reference to 
the performance of an Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index 
and movements in the exchange rate of a specified currency against 
the US Dollar, more information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family), and includes a Multi-Tenor 
Index, and “Classic Individual Commodity Indices” means all of 
them 
 
“Closing 
Settlement Price 
Level” 
means in relation to any Commodity Index and a day (the “Index 
Day”) the published closing settlement price level of such 
Commodity Index published for the Index Day, provided that if (i) the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer by no later than 11.59 p.m. on 
the first General Trading Day after the Index Day that there is an error 
in the published value for the Index Day and that a corrected value is 
expected to be published within a reasonable period of time and 
Bloomberg publishes an amended or corrected closing settlement 
price level for such Commodity Index and the Index Day by no later 
than 11.59 p.m. (New York time) on the first General Trading Day after 
the Index Day or (ii) Bloomberg publishes an amended or corrected 
closing settlement price level for such Commodity Index and such day 
by no later than 11.59 p.m. (London time) on the first General Trading 
Day after the Index Day, the Closing Settlement Price Level for such 
Commodity Index and the Index Day shall be such amended or 
corrected closing settlement price level and provided further that if 
the Calculation Agent provides a substitute value of any Commodity 
Index in respect of any day as provided in Condition 14, the Closing 
Settlement Price Level for such Commodity Index and such day shall 
be such substitute value 
 
“CME” 
means Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc 
 
“CME Group” and 
“CME Group Inc.” 
means CME Group Inc., a holding company and the parent of CME, 
CBOT and NYMEX 
 
“CME Indexes” 
means CME Group Index Services LLC and includes any successor 
thereto in relation to the Commodity Indices 
 
“Collateral” 
means all Posted Collateral (as defined in any Security Agreement) 
to the extent attributable to the obligations of a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty under a Facility Agreement 
 
“Collateral 
Account” 
means, in relation to any Commodity Contract Counterparty that has 
entered into a Security Agreement, an account established and 
maintained by the respective Securities Intermediary in the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty’s name, in which the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty shall post Collateral pursuant to the terms of 
such Security Agreement and the relevant Control Agreement and 
which shall include the three accounts, one relating to each Currency, 
so established and maintained by The Bank of New York Mellon in 
MLI’s name, and the three accounts, one relating to each Currency,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
so established and maintained by The Bank of New York Mellon in 
CGML’s name 
“Collateral Account 
Control Event” 
means (i) the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in 
respect of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty that was 
not caused by a breach by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
relevant Facility Agreement or by any Authorised Participant under 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and, after giving effect 
to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, there occurs 
under the Facility Agreement a liquidation of, or an acceleration of, 
all of the obligations of the relevant Commodity Contract  
Counterparty   under   the   relevant   Facility Agreement; (ii) failure 
by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to transfer 
Collateral to the relevant Collateral Account when due and such 
failure continues for two Business Days; (iii) failure by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to comply with or perform any 
other provisions of or obligations under the relevant Security 
Agreement (other than as set out in (ii)) and such failure continues 
for 30 days after receipt by the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty of notice of such failure; or (iv) the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally 
to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (X) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding- up or 
liquidation or (Y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within 60 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other  similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 60 days thereafter; (h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in (a) to (g) above (inclusive); or (i) takes any 
action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts. An event of default by MLI 
under a Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement or Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement will constitute an event of default 
under the MLI Facility Agreement 
 
“Collateral 
Exposure” 
means, in respect of any Valuation Time (as defined in any Security 
Agreement) or other time for which Collateral Exposure is calculated 
and Currency, and save in the case of a dispute under the relevant 
Security Agreement, the sum of the price on such date of each and 
every Commodity Contract denominated in that Currency in issue as 
at the applicable Valuation Time

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
“COMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly 
owned subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
 
“Commodity 
Contract” 
means a contract between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty created in accordance with a Facility Agreement and 
relating to a Commodity Index and in relation to Commodity 
Securities of a particular class such a contract between the Issuer 
and a Commodity Contract Counterparty giving rise to matching 
rights and obligations to Commodity Securities of such class 
 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Counterparty” 
means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with the Issuer 
and includes MLI and CGML 
 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Termination” 
means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
 
“Commodity 
Hedging Cost” 
means, in respect of a class of Commodity Contracts, the rate per 
annum which is agreed in writing from time to time between the Issuer 
and each Commodity Contract Counterparty for that class for the 
purpose of calculating the Spread 
 
“Commodity 
Hedging Disruption 
Event” 
means an event, circumstance or cause (including, without limitation, 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation) that 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty reasonably and in good faith 
determines has had or would reasonably be expected to have a 
materially 
adverse 
effect 
on 
such 
Commodity 
Contract 
Counterparty’s ability to hedge the commodity risk of its positions in 
connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity 
Contracts of the relevant class, including, without limitation, any 
limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any 
commodity hedging transaction in connection with the relevant 
Facility Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case 
whether due to market illiquidity, position limits in respect of any 
futures contract, illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or 
other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction 
market participants, the application of position limits to such 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, the lack of availability of hedging 
exemptions 
from 
applicable 
legal, 
regulatory 
or 
exchange 
requirements or the occurrence or existence of any other 
circumstance or event 
 
“Commodity Index” 
or “Currency-
Hedged 
Commodity Index” 
means an Individual Commodity Index or a Composite Commodity 
Index, as appropriate, and “Commodity Indices” means all of them 
and in relation to a class of Commodity Securities (and the 
corresponding class of Commodity Contracts) means the 
Commodity Index specified in relation to such class in the Sixth 
Schedule (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to 
the Trust Instrument 
 
“Commodity Market 
Disruption Day” 
means: 
(a) in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day for that Individual 
Commodity Index on which a Commodity Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Relevant Exchange for the Corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index, other than a day for which a substitute 
value for such Individual Commodity Index is determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the 
Facility Agreements; 
(b) in respect of a Composite Commodity Index, a General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day in respect of each futures 
contract by reference to the Settlement Price for which the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index is calculated (in 
whole or in part) but on which a Commodity Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the 
Relevant Exchange for any such futures contract, other than 
a day for which a substitute value for such Composite 
Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; 
(c) 
in respect of a futures contract the Settlement Price for which 
is included in the calculation of an Unhedged Commodity 
Index, a day which is a Trading Day for that futures contract 
and on which a Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs 
or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant 
Exchange on which that futures contract is traded, other than 
a day for which a substitute value of a Commodity Index 
corresponding to an Unhedged Commodity Index in the 
calculation of which Settlement Prices of such futures 
contracts are included is determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; 
(d) in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity 
Index (or class of Commodity Securities), a Commodity 
Market Disruption Day for a futures contract in respect of that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity 
Index (or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to 
the Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity 
Securities), other than a day for which a substitute value of a 
Commodity Index corresponding to an Unhedged Commodity 
Index in the calculation of which Settlement Prices of futures 
contracts in respect of such commodity are included is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of the Facility Agreements; or 
(e) in respect of a class of Commodity Securities, a day which is 
a Commodity Market Disruption Day within paragraph (a) or 
(b) above in respect of the Commodity Index applicable to 
Commodity Securities of that class 
“Commodity Market 
Disruption Event” 
means: 
(a) in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index or the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding thereto, any of 
the following events: 
(i) 
the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or 
publish the relevant Settlement Price(s); or 
(ii) 
the termination or suspension of, or material limitation 
or disruption in the trading of, any Lead Future or Next 
Future used in the calculation of the Corresponding 
Unhedged Commodity Index; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(iii) 
the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future 
used in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index reflects the maximum permitted 
price change (as set from time to time by the Relevant 
Exchange for that Lead Future or Next Future) from the 
previous day’s Settlement Price; 
(b) in respect of any Composite Commodity Index or the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding thereto, any 
event described in paragraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this 
definition in relation to any futures contract the Settlement 
Price for which is included in the calculation of the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (and, for such 
purposes, references in paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this 
definition to “any Lead Future or Next Future used in the 
calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity 
Index” shall be construed, in relation to a commodity 
comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, as references 
to the Lead Future or Next Future with respect to that 
commodity the Settlement Price of which is used in the 
calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity 
Index); and 
(c) 
in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity 
Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding 
thereto (or a class of Commodity Securities), any event 
described in paragraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition in 
relation to the futures contract in respect of that commodity 
the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of 
the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (or the 
Unhedged 
Commodity 
Index 
corresponding 
to 
the 
Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity 
Securities) (and, for such purposes, references in paragraphs 
(a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead Future or Next 
Future used in the calculation of the Corresponding 
Unhedged Commodity Index” shall be construed, in relation 
to such commodity, as references to the Lead Future or Next 
Future with respect to that commodity used in the calculation 
of that Unhedged Commodity Index (or the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index 
relating to that class of Commodity Securities)), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of one or more Facility Agreements 
“Commodity 
Security” or 
“Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an undated limited recourse secured debt security of the 
Issuer of any of the classes specified in the Trust Instrument created 
pursuant to and constituted by the Trust Instrument and includes 
Australian Dollar Commodity Securities, Euro Commodity Securities 
and Sterling Commodity Securities, and “Commodity Securities” or 
“Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” means all of them 
 
“Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means a Classic Composite Commodity Index or a Longer Dated 
Composite Commodity Index 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption” 
means a Redemption of Commodity Securities in accordance with 
Condition 8.12 or 8.13 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption Date” 
means a date notified in accordance with Condition  8.1, Condition 
8.2, Condition 8.5, Condition 8.6, Condition 8.7 or Condition 8.8

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions of the Commodity Securities in the 
form set out in the Second Schedule (The Conditions) to the Trust 
Instrument and as set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities) and references herein to numbered 
Conditions are references to the numbers assigned to the 
Conditions in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities) 
 
“Control 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Security Agreement, the Control Agreement 
(as defined in such Security Agreement) and includes the MLI Control 
Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement 
 
“Controller” 
means a Controller as defined in the Conditions 
 
“Corresponding 
Unhedged 
Commodity Index” 
in respect of any Commodity Index, means the Unhedged 
Commodity Index the closing settlement price level of which is used 
in the calculation of its closing settlement price level in accordance 
with the Handbook, the name of which (subject to the Index 
Substitution) is the same as the name of that Commodity Index with 
the omission of the words “Australian Dollar Hedged Daily”, “Euro 
Hedged 
Daily” 
or 
“Pound 
Sterling 
Hedged 
Daily” 
and 
“corresponding” in relation to a Commodity Index shall be construed 
accordingly 
 
“Counterparty 
Event of Default 
means: 
(a) the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make 
a payment it is due to make in respect of a Commodity 
Contract Termination in accordance with the relevant 
Facility Agreement, where such failure is not rectified within 
five Business Days following the day on which the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty receives notice of the failure sent by 
the Issuer, or being in any other breach of the Facility 
Agreement provided that such breach (if capable of being 
rectified) is not rectified within five Business Days of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty receiving written notice 
from the Issuer of such breach; 
(b) any Guarantor failing to pay an amount due under the relevant 
Guarantee, when due; 
(c) 
any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor suffering 
an Insolvency Event; 
(d) the expiration or termination of any Guarantee (other than 
where a replacement guarantee (or other form of credit 
support) acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion is 
provided to the Issuer in lieu of a Guarantee upon or prior to 
such expiration or termination) or the failing or ceasing of a 
Guarantee to be in full force and effect for the purpose of the 
relevant Facility Agreement, in each case other than in 
accordance with its terms, prior to the satisfaction of all 
obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
Facility Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and 
without the written consent of the Issuer (and  this  paragraph 
(d) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any replacement 
guarantee (or other form of credit support)); 
(e) In the case of MLI, a MLI Event of Default (as defined in the 
MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement or the MLI

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement) shall have occurred 
under the MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement 
or the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement, 
respectively;  
(f) 
the occurrence of certain events of default under the Security 
Agreement with it being, inter alia, (i) such Commodity 
Contract Counterparty failing to transfer Collateral to the 
Collateral Account when due, (ii) the applicable Security 
Agreement expiring or terminating or failing or ceasing to be 
in full force and effect prior to the termination of the relevant 
Facility Agreement and the satisfaction of the obligations 
detailed in such Security Agreement or (iii) such Commodity 
Contract Counterparty disaffirming, disclaiming, repudiating 
or rejecting or otherwise challenging the validity of the 
applicable Security Agreement; or 
(g) if notice is given to terminate any Guarantee, such 
termination to become effective less than five days after the 
date of receipt of the notice, other than where prior to the date 
of the notice a replacement guarantee (or other form of credit 
support) acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion is 
provided to the Issuer in lieu of such Guarantee, where such 
notice is given prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty under the Facility 
Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and without the 
written consent of the Issuer (and this paragraph (g) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to any replacement guarantee (or 
other form of credit support)) 
“Creation Amounts” 
means the amounts due to the Issuer pursuant to a Creation Notice 
 
“Creation Limits” 
means  the  limits  under  the  Facility  Agreements  on  creation  of 
Commodity   Contracts   (and   corresponding   limits   on   issue of 
Commodity Securities), as set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities) under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit” 
 
“Creation Notice” 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty pursuant to a Facility Agreement creating the 
Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts corresponding with the 
Commodity Securities referred to in such Creation Notice 
 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the 
holding of securities in Uncertificated Form administered by 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
 
“Currency” 
means each of the three denominations of Commodity Securities 
(and their corresponding Commodity Contracts) provided for in the 
Trust Instrument, being Australian Dollars in respect of Australian 
Dollar Commodity Securities, Euro in respect of Euro Commodity 
Securities and Pounds Sterling in respect of Sterling Commodity 
Securities, and “Currencies” will be construed accordingly  
 
“Defaulted 
Obligation” 
means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in 
respect of the Redemption of any Commodity Securities when due, 
and such failure is not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice 
requiring remedy of the same provided that if the amount paid by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a Facility

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Agreement in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination as a 
result of such Redemption is subject to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant 
jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority  
thereof  having  power  to  tax,  as  required  by  law (as modified 
by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then 
in effect, and that Commodity Contract Counterparty is not obliged 
under that Facility Agreement to make any additional payment in 
respect of the withholding or deduction and the net amount is so paid 
or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that Redemption, 
that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation 
“Designated 
Contract” 
means, for each commodity eligible to be represented in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and for each Unhedged Individual 
Commodity Index, the futures contract series which is used for the 
calculation of those indices, as set out in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) in Table 2a (Designated Contracts and 
Designated Month Contracts), in the column headed “Designated 
Contract and (Exchange Code)” 
 
“Designated Month 
Contract” 
means a futures contract, being a Designated Contract, for delivery 
in  a  particular  month,  which  is  used  for  the   calculation  of the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Commodity Indices, as set  
out  in  Part  3  (The  Bloomberg  Commodity  Index  Family)  in Table 
2a (Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), in the 
column headed “Designated Month Contracts” 
 
“Direct Agreement” 
means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by 
the Issuer to become an Authorised Participant 
 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document 
the persons whose names are listed as such in “Directors, Secretary 
and Advisers” below 
 
“Documents” 
means this document, the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, all 
Authorised Participant Agreements, all Security Assignments, each 
Facility Agreement, each Security Agreement, each Control 
Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, the Services Agreement, the 
Administration Agreement and the Licence Agreement 
 
“EC Treaty” 
means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in 
Rome on March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European 
Union (signed in Maastricht on February 7, 1992) and as amended 
by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on October 2, 
1997), as further amended from time to time 
 
“Eligible Equities” 
in relation to any Security Agreement or Control Agreement has the 
meaning given to that expression in the relevant Security Agreement 
being common or preferred shares that are constituents of the indices 
set out in the relevant Control Agreement or global depositary 
receipts whose underlying common or preferred shares are 
constituents of such indices 
 
“Eligible Money 
Market Funds” 
means securities in the form of redeemable securities in a pooled 
investment fund representing the security-holder’s proportional 
interest in the fund’s net assets and that are issued and redeemed

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
only on the basis of the market value of the fund’s net assets 
prepared each business day after the security-holder makes its 
investment commitment or redemption request to the fund, if: 
(a) the fund’s investments are limited to the following: 
(i) securities that are issued by, or unconditionally 
guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and 
interest by, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and 
immediately-available cash funds denominated in USD; 
or 
(ii) securities denominated in a common currency and issued 
by, or fully guaranteed as to the payment of principal and 
interest by, the European Central Bank or an Eligible 
Sovereign Entity that is assigned no higher than a 20 per 
cent. risk weight under the capital rules applicable to swap 
dealers subject to regulation by a prudential regulator, 
and immediately-available cash funds denominated in the 
same currency; and 
(b) assets of the fund may not be transferred through securities 
lending, securities borrowing, repurchase agreements, reverse 
repurchase agreements, or other means that involve the fund 
having rights to acquire the same or similar assets from the 
transferee 
“Eligible Sovereign 
Entity” 
means a national bond or government agency bond issuer which is 
incorporated or established in one of the following countries 
(a) G10: Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, 
Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, USA; 
and 
(b) Non-G10: Austria, Australia, Denmark, Finland, Luxembourg, 
New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain 
 
“Equivalent 
Number” 
in relation to the creation or cancellation of Commodity Contracts in 
conjunction with an Application for or Redemption of Commodity 
Securities, means the number and class of Commodity Contracts 
which is the same as the number and class of Commodity Securities 
to which the Application or Redemption relates 
 
“ETFSL” 
means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a 
company incorporated and registered in Jersey on 20 August 2004 
with its registered office at Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, 
Jersey, JE4 8PW and, with registered number 88370 
 
“EU Benchmarks 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds 
 
“Euro” or “Eur” or 
“€” 
means the lawful currency of the member states of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the EC 
Treaty 
 
“Euro Classic Index 
Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Euro Classic 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Individual Security” 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Euro Classic 
Security” or “Euro 
Classic Currency- 
Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Euro Classic Individual Security or a Euro Classic Index 
Security 
 
“Euro Commodity 
Security” 
means a Euro Individual Security or a Euro Index Security 
 
“Euro Longer Dated 
Index Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Euro Longer Dated 
Individual Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Euro Longer Dated 
Security” or “Euro 
Longer Dated 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Euro Longer Dated Individual Security or a Euro Longer 
Dated Index Security 
 
“Euro Index 
Security” 
means a Euro Classic Index Security or a Euro Longer Dated Index 
Security 
 
“Euro Individual 
Security” 
means a Euro Classic Individual Security or a Euro Longer Dated 
Individual Security 
 
“Euronext Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin  
 
“Exchange” 
means CBOT, CME, COMEX, LME, ICE Futures U.S. or NYMEX, as 
the case may be, and “Exchanges” means all of them 
 
“Exempt Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of 
an Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a 
business comprising a regulated activity in relation to which it is 
exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a 
provision of the FSMA or associated secondary legislation 
 
“Exposure” 
(i) in respect of any class of Individual Commodity Contract, to the 
Relevant Commodity at any time means an amount equal to the US 
Dollar Equivalent of the Price of that class of Individual Commodity 
Contract; and (ii) in respect of any class of Index Commodity 
Contract, to any Relevant Commodity at any time means an amount 
equal to the US Dollar Equivalent of the Price of that class of Index 
Commodity Contract at that time multiplied by a fraction of which the 
numerator is the CIP of the Relevant Commodity and the 
denominator is the sum of the CIPs of each of the Relevant 
Commodities in relation to that class of Index Commodity Contract 
 
“Extraordinary 
Resolution” 
means in respect of one or more classes of Commodity Securities 
either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the 
Commodity Securities of such class or classes duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in the Trust

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not less than    75 
per cent. in number of the persons voting thereat upon a show of 
hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Price (or if no Price was 
determined on the day of that meeting, the most recently determined 
Price) of the Commodity Securities of such class or classes voting on 
such poll or (b) a resolution in writing of holders of the Commodity 
Securities of such class or classes holding not less than 75 per cent. 
by Price (as at the date of the last signature (or if no Price was 
determined on that date, the most recently determined Price)) of the 
Commodity Securities of such class or classes 
“Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and different 
 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom 
 
“FCA Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions 
used in the FCA Handbook 
 
“FCA Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance 
 
“Final Terms” 
means final terms in or substantially in the form annexed hereto and 
for final terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party for use 
in a Europe Economic Area State means final terms within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and for final terms delivered 
to the FCA or any other party for use in the United Kingdom means 
final terms within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
 
“Foreign Exchange 
Rate” 
for a Commodity Index and a day in respect of which that Commodity 
Index is calculated and published means the rate of exchange used 
in the calculation of such Commodity Index for that day, expressed 
as a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a number of US 
Dollars per Euro or a number of US Dollars per Pound Sterling, as 
the case may be and for any other day which is a Trading Day for any 
of the commodities comprised in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
or 
comprised 
in 
any 
other 
Unhedged 
Commodity 
Index 
corresponding to an Individual Commodity Index, means the 
exchange rate for the relevant Currency sourced by the Calculation 
Agent from Bloomberg (or such other person or entity from time to 
time fulfilling the functions provided by it at the date of the Trust  
Instrument under the Handbook) using the daily 4.00 p.m. London fix 
rate for that day or, if the Calculation Agent is unable to so source 
such exchange rate, an exchange rate for that day as of 4.00 p.m. 
determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more 
Facility Agreements, provided that in respect of any Commodity 
Index the Relevant Currency of which is the subject of an FX Market 
Disruption Event and for which the Calculation Agent is providing a 
substitute Foreign Exchange Rate for the purposes of one or more 
Facility Agreements, the Foreign Exchange Rate for such 
Commodity Index shall be the Foreign Exchange Rate so provided 
 
“FSMA” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United 
Kingdom 
 
“FX Daily Hedging 
Cost” 
means, in respect of a class of Commodity Contracts, the rate per 
annum which is agreed in writing from time to time between the Issuer 
and each Commodity Contract Counterparty for that class for the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
purpose of calculating the Spread 
“FX Hedging 
Disruption Event” 
means  an   event,  circumstance  or   cause  (including,   without 
limitation, the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation) that a Commodity Contract Counterparty reasonably and 
in good faith determines has had or would reasonably be expected to 
have a materially adverse effect on such Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s ability to hedge the currency risk of its positions in 
connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity 
Contracts of the relevant class, including, without limitation, any 
limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any 
currency hedging transaction in connection with the relevant Facility 
Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case whether due 
to market illiquidity, illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or 
other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction 
market participants, inconvertibility, establishment of dual exchange 
rates or foreign exchange controls, the application of position limits 
to such Commodity Contract Counterparty, the lack of availability of 
hedging exemptions from applicable legal, regulatory or exchange 
requirements or the occurrence or existence of any other 
circumstance or event 
 
“FX Market 
Disruption Day” 
means, in relation to a Commodity Index to which a class of 
Commodity Securities relates or to a class of Commodity Securities, 
a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for that Commodity 
Index, or the Commodity Index to which such class of Commodity 
Securities relates, (respectively) on which a FX Market Disruption 
Event occurs or is continuing in respect of the Relevant Currency of 
such class of Commodity Securities and of which the Calculation 
Agent has given notice to the Issuer for the purposes of one or more 
Facility Agreements by no later than 4.30 p.m. on that Trading Day 
(with notice to each Authorised Participant given as soon as 
reasonably practicable by email, by telephone or by other reasonable 
means under the circumstances where so provided in the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement) specifying that Trading Day to be 
a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of such Commodity Index, 
provided that, if the Calculation Agent provides a substitute Foreign 
Exchange Rate in respect of a day and the Relevant Currency of such 
class of Commodity Securities for the purposes of one or more 
Facility Agreements, then such day shall not be a FX Market 
Disruption Day 
 
“FX Market 
Disruption Event” 
means, in respect of a Currency, an event, circumstance or cause 
(including, without limitation, the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation) that has had or would reasonably be 
expected to have a materially adverse effect on the availability of a 
market for converting such Currency to US Dollars (or vice versa), 
whether due to market illiquidity, illegality, the adoption of or change 
in any law or other regulatory instrument, inconvertibility, 
establishment of dual exchange rates or foreign exchange controls 
or the occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or 
more Facility Agreements 
 
“FX Restriction 
Event” 
means, in relation to any class or classes of Commodity Contract, an 
event, circumstance or cause that is reasonably and in good faith 
determined by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to 
render it unable to create or cancel Commodity Contracts of such 
class or classes by reason of restrictions on holding the Relevant 
Currency or exchanging either amounts of the Relevant Currency for

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
US Dollars or amounts of US Dollars for the Relevant Currency 
“General Trading 
Day” 
means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time (and meaning as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on 
which the sum of the CIPs for those Index Commodities that are open 
for trading is greater than 50 per cent.” where “Index Commodities” 
has the meaning given to it in the relevant Handbook) 
 
“Guarantee” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any 
guarantee or other credit support agreement that may be provided by 
a guarantor or other credit support provider in respect of such 
Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant 
Facility  Agreement  and  in  respect  of  MLI  includes  the  BAC 
Guarantee and in respect of CGML includes the Citigroup Guarantee. 
References in this Prospectus to “Guarantees” is to the BAC 
Guarantee and the Citigroup Guarantee 
 
“Guarantor” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any 
guarantor or other credit support provider who has entered into a 
Guarantee in respect of such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s 
obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement 
 
“Handbook” 
means the document entitled “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family” which sets out the methodology for 
calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the other 
Unhedged Commodity Indices and the Commodity Indices prepared 
and as amended from time to time by Bloomberg and includes the 
document entitled “Index Methodology – Bloomberg Multi-Tenor 
Indices” prepared and as amended, varied, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time by Bloomberg, a copy of each of which, as 
at the date of this Prospectus, can be obtained from the following 
address: 
https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/ 
product/indices/bloomberg-commodity-index-family 
 
“Hedging 
Disruption Event” 
means a FX Hedging Disruption Event or a Commodity Hedging 
Disruption Event 
 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (formerly known as 
ETFS Holdings (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey, with registered number 106817 
 
“holding company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006 of the United Kingdom  
 
“ICE” 
means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 
 
“Index Commodity 
Contract” 
means Commodity Contracts of a class the Commodity Index relating 
to which is a Composite Commodity Index 
 
“Index Oversight 
Committee” 
means in respect of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM the 
committee which reviews and approves the Handbook and the target 
composition of the revised Index each year, as described in Part 3 
(The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) under the heading 
“Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices 
 
“Index Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Index Security, a Euro Index Security or 
a Sterling Index Security and “Index Securities” means all of them

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
“Index 
Substitution” 
in respect of each class of Multi-Tenor Securities, the change of 
Individual Commodity Index as described under the heading “The 
Index Substitution” in Part 4 (Description of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities) 
 
“Indicative Price” 
means, in respect of a particular class of Commodity Security on  a 
calendar day, the value calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5 
 
“Individual 
Commodity 
Contract” 
means Commodity Contracts of a class the Commodity Index relating 
to which is an Individual Commodity Index 
 
“Individual 
Commodity Index” 
means a Classic Individual Commodity Index or a Longer Dated 
Individual Commodity Index 
 
“Individual 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Individual Security, a Euro Individual 
Security or a Sterling Individual Security and “Individual Securities” 
means all of them 
 
“Insolvency Event” 
means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person (1) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails 
or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, (4) institutes or has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any 
such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, 
official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; (7) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 
days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to 
it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in (1) to (7) above 
(inclusive) or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its 
consent to, approval of, or acquiescence  in,  any  of  the foregoing 
acts 
 
“Investment 
Company Act” 
means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the United States 
 
“Issuer” 
means WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited (formerly 
ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey with registered number 109413

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
“Issuer Business 
Day” 
means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London 
Business Day 
 
“Issuer Insolvency 
Event” 
means  the  Issuer  (1)  is  dissolved  (other  than  pursuant  to  a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally 
to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; (4) has a declaration made against it declaring the assets 
of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) 
(Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted 
against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any 
such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, 
official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 
days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any event with respect to 
it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) 
above (inclusive); or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the 
foregoing acts; provided that no action taken by the Trustee in 
respect of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event save 
where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of (1) to (9) above 
and are taken in respect of security taken over Commodity Contracts, 
a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee 
 
“Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
“Lead Future” 
means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with 
respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Lead 
Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for the Corresponding 
Unhedged Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a 
commodity 
comprised 
in 
an 
Unhedged 
Commodity 
Index 
corresponding to a Composite Commodity Index but which is not the 
subject of an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to an 
Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, 
the particular futures contract which is the “Lead Future” (as defined 
in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Unhedged 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day 
 
“Licence 
Agreement” 
means the licence agreement dated as of 13 February 2018 between 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited, UBS Securities LLC and ManJer, 
under which Bloomberg and UBS Securities have granted to ManJer 
and the Issuer the right to use and refer to the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM and related sub-indices, and certain intellectual property of

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Bloomberg and UBS Securities, in relation to (inter alia) Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities 
“Licence 
Allowance” 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to ManJer to be applied in 
paying fees to Bloomberg under the Licence Agreement, as set out 
in Part 1 (General) under “Management Fee and Licence Allowance”, 
as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
 
“Listing” 
means the admission of a particular class of Commodity Securities to 
the UK Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and 
admission of a particular class of Commodity Securities to trading on 
the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of 
such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more 
than one such market) becoming effective 
 
“Listing Failure” 
means  the  refusal  of  the  FCA  to  admit  to  the  Official  List any 
Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme 
 
“Listing Failure 
Date” 
means the day which was or would have been the date on which 
payment would have been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Facility Agreement corresponding to the 
Commodity Securities in respect of which a Listing Failure has 
occurred 
 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA, made under section 73A of 
FSMA 
 
“LME” 
means The London Metal Exchange Limited and its subsidiaries and 
affiliates 
 
“London Business 
Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
are open for the transaction of general business in London 
 
“London Stock 
Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities 
(or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any 
time more than one such market), as the context may require 
 
“Longer Dated 
Commodity 
Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Security, a Euro Longer 
Dated Security or a Sterling Longer Dated Security 
 
“Longer Dated 
Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means an index calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to 
time in accordance with the Handbook in each case by reference to 
the performance of an Unhedged Longer Dated Composite 
Commodity Index and movements in the exchange rate of a specified 
currency against the US Dollar, more information on which can be 
found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and 
“Longer Dated Composite Commodity Indices” means all of them 
 
“Longer Dated 
Individual 
Commodity Index” 
means an index calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to 
time in accordance with the Handbook in each case by reference to 
the performance of an Unhedged Longer Dated Individual 
Commodity Index and movements in the exchange rate of a specified 
currency against the US Dollar, more information on which can be 
found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and 
“Longer Dated Individual Commodity Indices” means all of them

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
“Main Market” 
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
 
“Management Fee” 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer in 
consideration for the provision by ManJer of all management and 
administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in 
Part 1 (General) under “Management Fee and Licence Allowance”, 
as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly known as 
ETFS Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 
106921 
 
“Market Disruption 
Day” 
in respect of a class of Commodity Securities means a day which is 
a Commodity Market Disruption Day in respect of such class and/or 
a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of such class 
 
“Market Disruption 
Event” 
means a Commodity Market Disruption Event or a FX Market 
Disruption Event 
 
“MIFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive), as amended 
 
“Minimum Creation 
Amount” 
means the minimum amount stipulated under the Facility Agreements 
for creation of Commodity Contracts (and the corresponding minima 
on the issue of Commodity Securities), as set out under the heading 
“Applications and Redemptions — Application Processes” in Part 4 
(Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) 
 
“MLI” 
means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and 
registered in England and Wales with number 2312079 whose 
registered office is situated at 2 King Edward Street,  London  EC1A 
1HQ, United Kingdom and includes its successors and assigns 
 
“MLI Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement 
relating to Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts”  dated  23 
February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI 
 
“MLI Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Facility Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between ETFS 
Commodity Securities Limited and MLI entitled “MLI Facility 
Agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity 
Contracts 
 
“MLI Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into 
between the Issuer, MLI and  the  Securities  Intermediary  dated 23 
February 2012 
 
“MLI Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 23 February 2012 between the 
Issuer and MLI 
 
“MLI Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 23 February 2012 which 
is in relation to and supplements the MLI Facility Agreement  
 
“MLI Short and 
Leveraged Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between ETFS 
Commodity Securities Limited and MLI entitled “MLI Facility 
Agreement relating to Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts”

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
“month” 
means calendar month 
 
“Moody’s” 
means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the 
ratings business thereof) 
 
“Multi-Tenor Index” 
or “Substituted 
Index” 
means in respect of each class of Multi-Tenor Securities the 
commodity index substituted for the Individual Commodity Index 
previously applicable to that class pursuant to the Index Substitution 
 
“Multi-Tenor 
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged 
Individual Securities, the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily 
Hedged Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – 
GBP Daily Hedged Individual Securities 
 
“Multi-Tenor 
Unhedged Index” or 
“Substituted 
Unhedged Index” 
means in respect of each class of Multi-Tenor Securities the 
commodity index substituted for the Unhedged Individual Commodity 
Index previously applicable to that class pursuant to the Index 
Substitution 
 
“New York 
Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
are open for the transaction of general business in New York 
 
“Next Future” 
means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with 
respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Next 
Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for the Corresponding 
Unhedged Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a 
commodity 
comprised 
in 
an 
Unhedged 
Commodity 
Index 
corresponding to a Composite Commodity Index but which is not the 
subject of an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to an 
Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, 
the particular futures contract which is the “Next Future” (as defined 
in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Unhedged 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day 
 
“Notice Deadline” 
means, on a General Trading Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such 
other time determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect 
of a particular General Trading Day or generally 
 
“NYBOT” 
means Board of Trade of the City of New York, Inc. and its 
subsidiaries and affiliates, known as the New York Board of Trade 
 
“NYMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly 
owned subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
 
“Official List” 
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin 
 
“Original Index” 
means in respect of any class of Multi-Tenor Security the Individual 
Commodity Index applicable to that class immediately prior to the 
Index Substitution 
 
“outstanding” 
means in relation to each class of Commodity Securities, all the 
Commodity Securities of that class issued and in respect of which 
there is for the time being an entry in the Register other than: 
(a) Commodity Securities which have been redeemed and 
cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(b) Commodity Securities which have been purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any 
meeting of the Security Holders or any of them and certain other 
purposes of the Trust Instrument, Commodity Securities (if any) 
which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf 
of,  (A)  the  Issuer,  (B)  a  Commodity  Contract  Counterparty, (C) 
ETFSL or a Guarantor, (D) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, (E) any individual Controller of 
the Issuer or Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by any such 
persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing to 
be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the 
holders of such Commodity Securities shall be deemed not to be 
Security Holders 
“Overseas Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in 
section 19 of FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in 
the United Kingdom, whose head office is situated outside the United 
Kingdom and whose ordinary business involves carrying on activities 
of the kind specified by any of articles 14, 21, 25, 37, 40, 45, 51, 52 
and 53 or, so far as relevant to any of those articles, article 64 of the 
RAO (or would do so apart from any exclusion from any of those 
articles made by the RAO) 
 
“Pool” 
means a separate fund or pool to which Commodity Securities of a 
particular class are attributable 
 
“PRA” 
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom 
 
“Price” 
means for a Commodity Security or a class of Commodity Securities, 
the price in the Relevant Currency determined for that class in 
accordance with Condition 5 and “Pricing” (other than when used in 
the terms “Pricing Date” and “Pricing Day”) shall be construed 
accordingly 
 
“Pricing Day” 
means for: 
(a) each class of Individual Securities, a day which is a General 
Trading Day and which is (i) a Trading Day for the Individual 
Commodity Index applicable to that class of Commodity 
Security, and (ii) not a Market Disruption Day for that Individual 
Commodity Index; 
(b) each class of Index Securities, a day which is a General 
Trading Day and which is (i) a Trading Day for each of the 
futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the 
Composite Commodity Index relating to that class of Index 
Commodity Securities is calculated (in whole or in part), and 
(ii) not a Market Disruption Day for such Composite 
Commodity Index; 
(c) for each futures contract the Settlement Price for which is 
included in the calculation of an Unhedged Commodity Index, 
a General Trading Day which is (i) a Trading Day for that 
futures contract, and (ii) not a Commodity Market Disruption 
Day for that futures contract; or 
(d) for each commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
class of Commodity Securities), a General Trading Day which 
is (i) a Trading Day for the futures contracts relating to that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index 
(or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the 
Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity 
Securities), and (ii) not a Commodity Market Disruption Day for 
that futures contract 
“Pricing Notice” 
means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice 
 
“Principal Amount” 
in respect of each Commodity Security means the amount specified 
as such in respect of such Commodity Security in the Trust 
Instrument and as set out in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional 
Information) 
 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Commodity Securities 
described in this document 
 
“Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor” 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning  of section 
3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title 
I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, 
“Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of 
any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or 
church plan that is subject to any United States federal, state or local 
law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or 
section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Commodity 
Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any 
such Plan or entity 
 
“Prohibited US 
Person” 
means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person 
who holds Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who 
is not a Qualified Purchaser 
 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer 
 
“Prospectus 
Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation Rules” 
means the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time, 
made under sections 73A and 84 of FSMA 
 
“Qualified 
Purchaser” 
means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment 
Company Act 
 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated 
Activities) Order 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted from time 
to time) made under FSMA 
 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Commodity Securities by the Issuer in

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” and “Redeemed” 
shall be construed accordingly) 
“Redemption 
Amount” 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon 
the Redemption of Commodity Securities, as may be reduced for any 
withholdings or deductions for or on account of tax as set out in the 
Conditions 
 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of 
Commodity Securities in accordance with Condition 10 and on which 
more information can be found under the heading “Application Fees 
and Redemption Fees” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities) 
 
“Redemption Form” 
means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption 
Form in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in 
accordance with the Conditions, as the case may be 
 
“Redemption 
Limits” 
means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 7.6 and on which 
more information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities) under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit” 
 
“Redemption 
Payment Date” 
means  
(a) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement 
Redemption Form, the second London Business Day following 
the Pricing Date of that Redemption; provided that if either that 
day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New 
York Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall 
be on the Business Day next following the day that would have 
been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; or 
(b) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed 
Redemption Form, the London Business Day specified for 
such payment in that form; provided that the date so specified 
shall be not earlier than one London Business Day following 
the day upon which that form was deemed to have been 
received by the Issuer; or 
(c) in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing 
Failure, the second London Business Day following the 
relevant Listing Failure Date; provided that if either that day or 
the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York 
Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall be on 
the Business Day next following the day that would have been 
the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso, or such 
other Business Day as may be agreed by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised 
Participant who submitted the relevant Redemption Form; or 
(d) in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a 
Compulsory Redemption Date, the London Business Day 
which is the second London Business Day following the last 
Pricing Day on which the Price of Commodity Securities being 
Redeemed was determined in accordance with the Conditions; 
provided that if either that day or the preceding London 
Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next 
following the day that would have been the Redemption 
Payment Date but for this proviso;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
“Registers” 
means the registers of Security Holders of each class kept and 
maintained by the Registrar and “Register” shall be construed 
accordingly 
 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such 
other person as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to 
maintain the Registers 
 
“Registrar 
Agreement” 
means the registrar agreement dated 23 February 2012 between the 
Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee 
 
“Regulated Market” 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MIFID II, as amended 
 
“Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 
1999 including any modifications thereto or any regulations in 
substitution therefor made and for the time being in force which, inter 
alia, enable title to Commodity Securities to be evidenced otherwise 
than by a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written 
instrument 
 
“Relevant 
Commodities” 
in respect of any class of Index Commodity Contracts, the 
commodities the Settlement Prices of futures contracts relating to 
which are included in the calculation of the Unhedged Commodity 
Index corresponding to the Composite Commodity Index relating to 
that class of Index Commodity Contracts and “Relevant 
Commodity” means (i) in respect of any class of Index Commodity 
Contracts any of the Relevant Commodities; and (ii) in respect of any 
class of Individual Commodity Contracts the commodity the 
Settlement Price(s) of futures contract(s) relating to which are 
included in the calculation of the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Individual Commodity Index relating to that 
class of Individual Commodity Contracts 
 
“Relevant 
Currency” 
in relation to any Commodity Security or Commodity Contract, the 
currency in which that Commodity Security or Commodity Contract is 
denominated being: 
(a) in the case of an Australian Dollar Commodity Security or an 
Australian Dollar Commodity Contract, Australian Dollars; 
(b) in the case of a Euro Commodity Security or a Euro 
Commodity Contract, Euro; and 
(c) in the case of a Sterling Commodity Security or a Sterling 
Commodity Contract, Sterling 
 
“Relevant 
Exchange” 
means: 
(a) for each Individual Commodity Index or the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding thereto, the futures exchange 
on which is traded the futures contract by reference to the 
prices of which that Unhedged Commodity Index is calculated; 
(b) in relation to a commodity comprised in an Unhedged 
Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which is traded the 
futures contract for that commodity the Settlement Price of 
which is included in the calculation of that Unhedged 
Commodity Index; and 
(c) in relation to a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is 
included in the calculation of an Unhedged Commodity Index,

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
the futures exchange on which that futures contract is traded, 
 
and on which more information is set out in Part 3 (The  Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) under the heading “Designated Contracts” 
in Table 2a (Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), 
in the column headed “Relevant Exchange” 
“Relevant Market” 
means: 
(a) in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the market 
conducted on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts 
by reference to which the Corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index is calculated; 
(b) in respect of an Unhedged Individual Commodity Index, the 
market conducted on the Relevant Exchange for the futures 
contracts by reference to which that Unhedged Individual 
Commodity Index is calculated; and 
(c) in relation to a commodity comprised in an Unhedged 
Commodity Index, the market conducted on the Relevant 
Exchange for the futures contract for that commodity the 
Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of that 
Unhedged Commodity Index 
 
“Required Security 
Document” 
means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty requires the Issuer to execute 
over the Property to be Assigned (as defined in the Conditions) in 
favour of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty as security 
for the Secured Obligations (which may include, but shall not be 
limited to, a Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or proposed Authorised 
Participant) or of the branch through which such person is acting for 
the purposes of such Authorised Participant Agreement (as the case 
may be) 
 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes 
of the Listing Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
 
“Roll Period” 
means the dates on which for the purposes of calculating the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices the futures 
contracts used are “rolled” from the Lead Future to the Next Future 
in accordance with the Handbook, normally being in respect of a 
month each of the sixth to tenth (inclusive) General Trading Days of 
that month 
 
“S&P” 
means S&P Global Ratings (formerly known as Standard & Poor’s 
Rating Services), a division of S&P Global, Inc. (or any successor to 
the ratings business thereof) 
 
“Secured 
Obligations” 
means: 
(a) all present and future obligations (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, are all limited recourse obligations) of the Issuer to the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty on account of 
Creation Amounts and interest thereon; and 
(b) all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and 
expenses sustained, suffered or incurred by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty arising out of or in

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
connection with any act, matter or thing done or omitted to be 
done by the Issuer under the Facility Agreement or the Security 
Assignment or any other Required Security Document 
“Secured Property” 
means in respect of Commodity Securities of any class, all rights of 
the Issuer under the corresponding Facility Agreement(s), 
Commodity Contracts, any Guarantee, Security Agreement(s) and 
Control Agreement(s), to the extent that they apply to payments due 
in respect of Commodity Securities of that class, or any part thereof, 
and all rights of the Issuer to the Collateral, and which are subject to 
the security created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security 
Deed as it applies in respect of such class 
 
“Securities Act” 
means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States 
 
“Security” 
means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the Security 
Deed 
 
“Security 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement 
supplemental to that Facility Agreement, such security agreement 
and includes the MLI Security Agreement and the CGML Security 
Agreement 
 
“Security 
Assignment” 
means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and 
each Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment (if 
any) pertaining to that Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies 
in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty entered into 
between the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and securing the Secured Obligations of the Issuer to 
that Commodity Contract Counterparty 
 
“Security 
Conditions” 
means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, that (a) each Required Security 
Document with respect to the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement and Commodity Contract Counterparty has been duly 
executed by the Issuer, (b) notice (duly executed by the Issuer) of 
each such Required Security Document has been duly given by the 
Issuer to such proposed Authorised Participant and (c) such 
proposed Authorised Participant has executed an acknowledgement 
of such notice in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty 
 
“Security Deed” 
means the Security Deed dated 23 February 2012 between the 
Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool, means the same 
as it applies to such Pool 
 
“Security Holder” 
means a registered holder of Commodity Securities 
 
“Services 
Agreement” 
means the Services Agreement dated 23 February 2012 between 
ManJer and the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided 
by ManJer to the Issuer 
 
“Settlement 
Foreign Exchange 
Rate” 
in respect of a class of Commodity Securities denominated in a 
Currency and any day, means the BFIX Rate for that Currency and 
that day, provided that if for any reason such BFIX Rate is not 
available, the Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate shall be the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Facility

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Agreement 
“Settlement Price” 
means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded 
on a Relevant Exchange, the official settlement price of the Relevant 
Exchange for such day in relation to such futures contract as 
determined in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant 
Exchange 
 
“Settlement 
Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(a) 
 
“Settlement 
Redemption Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer 
for requesting Redemption of Commodity Securities using Settlement 
Pricing 
 
“Spread” 
means the spread agreed between the Issuer and each Commodity 
Contract Counterparty for the purposes of the relevant Capital 
Adjustment Agreement (currently agreed to be an amount equal to 
the sum of the Commodity Hedging Cost and the FX Daily Hedging 
Cost in respect of each class of Commodity Contracts) 
 
“Sterling” or “Pound 
Sterling” or “GBP” 
or “£” 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom 
 
“Sterling Classic 
Index Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Sterling Classic 
Individual Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Sterling Classic 
Security” or 
“Sterling Classic 
Currency- Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Sterling Classic Individual Security or a Sterling Classic 
Index Security 
 
“Sterling 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Sterling Individual Security or a Sterling Index Security 
 
“Sterling Longer 
Dated Index 
Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Sterling Longer 
Dated Individual 
Security” 
means a Commodity Security of a class specified in the relevant list 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Sterling Longer 
Dated Security” or 
“Sterling Longer 
Dated Currency-
Hedged 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Sterling Longer Dated Individual Security or a Sterling 
Longer Dated Index Security

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“Sterling Index 
Security” 
means a Sterling Classic Index Security or a Sterling Longer Dated 
Index Security 
 
“Sterling Individual 
Security” 
means a Sterling Classic Individual Security or a Sterling Longer 
Dated Individual Security 
 
“subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies 
Act 2006 
 
“System” 
means the system for requesting the issue and Redemption of 
Commodity Securities and the creation and cancellation of 
Commodity Contracts via the secure website maintained by the 
Issuer for such purpose as described under the heading “Applications 
and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities) 
 
“tax” 
means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, 
goods and services tax, withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, 
registration and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export 
tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, 
penalties and charges imposed or levied by a government or 
government agency 
 
“terminate” 
in relation to a Commodity Contract means ‘terminate’ or ‘close out’ 
the obligations established by such Commodity Contract 
 
“Trading Day” 
means: 
(a) for an Individual Commodity Index or the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding thereto, a day on which the 
Relevant Exchange for that Unhedged Commodity Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Relevant Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time;  
(b) for a Composite Commodity Index or the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding thereto, a day on which all 
the Relevant Exchanges for each commodity comprised in that 
Unhedged Commodity Index are open for trading during their 
regular trading session, notwithstanding any of such Relevant 
Exchanges closing prior to their scheduled closing time; 
(c) for a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included 
in the calculation of an Unhedged Commodity Index, a day on 
which the Relevant Exchange for that futures contract is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
such Relevant Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing 
time; or 
(d) for a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index or the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding thereto (or class 
of Commodity Securities), a Trading Day (pursuant to sub-
paragraph (c) above) for a futures contract in respect of that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of that Unhedged Commodity Index (or the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index relating to that class of Commodity Securities) 
 
“Transparency 
Directive” 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
“Transparency 
Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the FCA from 
time to time, made under section 73A of the FSMA 
 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 23 February 2012 (as amended) 
between the Issuer and the Trustee constituting Commodity 
Securities and includes the schedules thereto and the Conditions 
 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 
Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement 
trustee under the Trust Instrument 
 
“UBS Group” 
means UBS AG and its Affiliates, and includes UBS Securities 
 
“UBS Securities” 
means   UBS   Securities   LLC,   a   corporation   incorporated in 
Delaware,  United  States  whose  principal  office  is  situated  at 299 
Park Avenue, New York, NY 10171, United States and includes its 
successors and assignees 
 
“UCITS Fund” 
means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the 
UCITS directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is 
an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities 
subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme 
 
“UCITS Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” 
contained in the FCA Glossary 
 
“UK Listing 
Authority” 
means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of Part VI of FSMA or any successor enactment 
 
“UK Official List” 
means the official list maintained by the FCA for the purposes of Part 
VI of FSMA 
 
"UK Prospectus 
Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 
 
“Unacceptable 
Authorised 
Participant” 
means an Authorised Participant in respect of which the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty has given and not withdrawn 
notice under the relevant Facility Agreement that the Authorised 
Participant has ceased to be acceptable to such Commodity Contract 
Counterparty 
 
“Uncertificated 
Form” 
means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, 
title to which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by 
means of CREST 
 
“Unhedged Classic 
Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and each other index for 
a group of commodities (which may change from time to time with 
respect to such index) calculated and published by Bloomberg from 
time to time in accordance with the Handbook using the methodology 
of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
 
“Unhedged Classic 
means an index for an individual commodity calculated and published

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Individual 
Commodity Index” 
by Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook 
using the methodology of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and 
includes a Multi-Tenor Unhedged Index 
“Unhedged 
Commodity Index” 
means an Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index, an 
Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Index, an Unhedged 
Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index or an Unhedged Longer 
Dated Composite Commodity Index  
 
“Unhedged 
Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means an Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Index or an 
Unhedged Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index 
 
“Unhedged Longer 
Dated Composite 
Commodity Index” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and 
each other index for a group of commodities (which may change from 
time to time with respect to such index) calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook using 
the methodology of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM 
 
“Unhedged Longer 
Dated Individual 
Commodity Index” 
means an index for an individual commodity calculated and published 
by Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook 
using the methodology of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM 
 
“Unhedged 
Individual 
Commodity Index” 
means an Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index or an 
Unhedged Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index 
 
“United Kingdom” 
or “UK” 
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
 
“United States” or 
“U.S.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, 
any state of the United States and the District of Columbia 
 
“US Dollars”, “USD” 
or “US$” 
means the lawful currency of the United States 
 
“US Dollar 
Equivalent” 
means in respect of any amount in any Relevant Currency on any 
Pricing Day, such amount converted into US Dollars by multiplying 
by the Foreign Exchange Rate for Commodity Indices applicable to 
Commodity Contracts of that Currency for that Pricing Day 
 
“US Person” 
means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act 
 
“VAT” 
means value added tax 
 
“Website” 
means the 
website of 
Bloomberg 
at 
http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices 
 
References in this document to a particular time are references to the time applicable in London, United 
Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such 
legislation as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
of the United Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
applicable UK legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force,  Article 
46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be 
construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation. Any references to the Prospectus Directive in 
this Prospectus are, therefore, to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and any 
reference to any particular provision of the Prospectus Directive is to be construed accordingly. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or document 
includes a reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in 
this document to any statute or any provision of any statute includes a reference to any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder 
or under any such modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
Directors of the Issuer 
Stuart Bell 
Chris Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter M. Ziemba 
All the Directors are non-executive 
Secretary of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Corporate administrator 
of the Issuer 
Registered office of the 
Issuer and address of 
directors and secretary 
of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
 
The address of all the directors and of the secretary of the Issuer is 
the registered office of the Issuer, which is: 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
Management and 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
administrative service 
Ordnance House 
provider 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Fifth Floor 
100 Wood Street 
London EC2V 7EX 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London 
EC1A 1HQ 
English Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
English Tax Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
W Legal Limited  
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
Dechert LLP 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London 
EC4V 4QQ 
United Kingdom 
Mourant Ozannes 
22 Grenville Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX 
Channel Islands

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Austrian Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
Danish Legal Adviser to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Dutch Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Finnish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
French Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
German Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
German Listing and 
Paying Agent 
 
 
Irish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Norwegian Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
 
Spanish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
 
Swedish Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm P/S 
Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Stibbe 
Beethovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Dittmar & Indrenius 
Pohjoisesplanadi 25 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
Dechert LLP 
32 Rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
Dechert LLP 
Skygarden 
Erika-Mann-Straße, 5 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Königsalee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
A&L Goodbody 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Galleria San Carlo 6 
20122 Milano 
Italy 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS 
Dokkveien 
6th floor 
0250 Oslo 
Norway 
Cuatrecasas, Gonçalves Pereira 
Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid 
Spain 
Denovo Advokatbyrå AB 
Hamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
English Legal Advisers 
to the Trustee 
 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers 
to the Trustee 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
Ogier 
Ogier House 
The Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank and the FCA, are incorporated into this 
document by reference and are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource- 
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-
3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax 
Information’ tab, the documents listed below are entitled ‘ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Ltd – 
Annual Account 2018’ and ‘WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2019’) 
and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information): 
1. 
the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2018 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock 
Exchange on 13 March 2019; and 
2. 
the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock 
Exchange on 15 May 2020. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus 
and other than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019, no other documents, including the contents of any websites 
or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
The sections of the documents listed above which are not incorporated by reference are either not 
relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
 
Emphasis of Matter in 2019 Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer notes that the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the “2019 Issuer Accounts”) are incorporated into the Prospectus by reference.  In the 
2019 Issuer Accounts, the Auditors of the Issuer included an emphasis of matter.  The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is as follows:  
 
‘We draw attention to Note 2, Note 11(f)(i) and Note 13 of the financial statements, which 
describes the economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 
which is impacting financial markets and creating greater volatility in commodity prices. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’ 
  
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Issuer Accounts are summarised, 
below.  The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Issuer 
Accounts.    
  
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities fluctuates 
according to the performance of the underlying commodity index and the risk of such change in price is 
managed by the Issuer by entering into Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties which match the liability. The Issuer therefore bears no financial risk from a change in 
the price of a commodity, commodity index or currency by reference to the futures price. However there 
is an inherent risk from the point of view of investors as the price of commodities, and thus the value of 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, may vary widely due to, amongst other things, changing 
supply or demand, government and monetary policy or intervention and global or regional political, 
economic or financial events.    
  
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and 
supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations 
from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural 
and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people. 
 
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
above, and public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of commodities and hence the 
prices of the Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature. 
 
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
which is fluid and rapidly changing. 
 
The market price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply 
and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and 
the bid-offer spread that the market makers are willing to quote.  
 
On 24 April 2020, Bloomberg announced a change to the Roll Period for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil 
Sub-IndexSM. According to the announcement from Bloomberg, the Roll Period for changing the Lead 
Future from July to September for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM was scheduled to take 
place in June 2020. Bloomberg has announced that this Roll Period will now take place in May 2020, a 
month earlier than scheduled. Beginning on 8 May 2020 and ending on 14 May 2020, Bloomberg will 
roll the Designated Month Contract for the Lead Future from July to September for the Bloomberg WTI 
Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM. 
 
Following an analysis of the potential impact of the price of Crude Oil WTI futures, the Company decided 
that a significant increase in the number of relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in issue 
may impact on the Commodity Contract Counterparties’ ability to hedge the exposure under the relevant 
Commodity Contracts in these particularly volatile markets. Having regard to the interests of existing 
Security Holders in the relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, rather than potential future 
Security Holders, a decision was made to focus the attention of the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
on providing (and hedging) the current exposures rather than taking on additional exposures during this 
volatile period.  
 
As a result, on 4 May 2020 the Company released an announcement to the Stock Exchanges that with 
effect from 2.30pm (London) the Company would temporarily no longer accept applications from 
Authorised Participants for new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the following classes: 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil - EUR Daily Hedged (Ticker: ECRD, ISIN: JE00B44F1611); and 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil - GBP Daily Hedged (Ticker: PCRD, ISIN: E00B6RV6N28). 
The Issuer released a further announcement on 3 September to the Stock Exchanges that the Issuer 
was accepting applications from Authorised Participants for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of 
the above mentioned classes.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has created and is currently making available for issue 210 different classes of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities denominated in Australian Dollars, Euro or Pounds Sterling. There are 
two kinds of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities: 
• 
Individual Securities, the Prices of which will track the daily change in the level of a Commodity 
Index which tracks the price of a single commodity; and 
• 
Index Securities, the Prices of which will track the daily change in the level of a Commodity Index 
which tracks the prices of a group of commodities. 
These comprise 150 different classes of Individual Securities (representing 25 different commodities, 
two different maturities and three different currencies of denomination) and 60 different classes of Index 
Securities (representing ten different combinations of commodities, two different maturities and three 
different currencies of denomination). 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities give investors the following: 
• 
exposure to the prices of individual commodities or groups of commodities, using the particular 
futures market contracts and roll periods determined by one of the world’s leading providers of 
commodity indices; 
• 
a choice of “long” exposure of two different parts of the commodities futures curve; 
• 
exposure to a “total return”, comprising: 
º        the return of an “excess return index” measuring the aggregate change in the prices of the 
underlying futures contracts and the roll return; 
º        plus a collateral yield, i.e. a return equivalent to an interest return on the value invested in 
that class of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities; 
º        plus an implied foreign exchange hedging cost which is expected to reflect an interest rate 
differential between the US Dollar interbank interest rate and the interbank benchmark 
interest rate for the Relevant Currency; 
º 
less any fees; 
• 
exposure which is unleveraged and which changes with changes in the price(s) of the different 
parts of the commodity futures curve, both up and down; 
• 
pricing which is transparent, based on indices published at the end of each Pricing Day (and which 
in turn are based on end-of-day Settlement Prices for designated futures contracts on specified 
futures exchanges and foreign exchange rates sourced from Bloomberg); and 
• 
securities traded on the London Stock Exchange and/or certain other stock exchanges. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities confer no right to receive physical commodities. Rather, they 
are purely financial instruments. 
The Classic Commodity Securities (other than the Multi-Tenor Securities which are priced by reference 
to the Multi-Tenor Indices) are priced by reference to the Bloomberg Commodity Index Australian Dollar 
Hedged DailySM, the Bloomberg Commodity Index Euro Hedged DailySM or the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Pound Sterling Hedged DailySM (as appropriate) and their various sub- indices which are calculated 
by reference to the US Dollar version of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. The Longer Dated 
Commodity Securities are priced by reference to the Bloomberg Commodity Index Australian Dollar 
Hedged Daily 3 Month ForwardSM, the Bloomberg Commodity Index Euro Hedged Daily 3 Month 
ForwardSM or the Bloomberg Commodity Index Pound Sterling Hedged Daily 3 Month ForwardSM (as 
appropriate) and their various sub-indices which are calculated by reference to the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM (which tracks the same commodities as the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM but for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM in three 
calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar month for the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM). Since the indices tracked by the Classic Commodity 
Securities and the Longer Dated Commodity Securities are exposed to different parts (maturities) of the 
futures curve, Classic Commodity Securities and Longer Dated Commodity Securities based on the 
same individual commodities or group of commodities will provide investors with different investment 
returns depending on the relevant Commodity Index’s sensitivity to changes in the commodity price and 
rate of any backwardation or contango. 
The pricing of all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be based on Commodity Indices. 
The following table shows, in each box, the different classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security 
that are currently available for issue for the Australian Dollar-denominated, Euro-denominated and 
Pound Sterling-denominated Commodity Securities. The table also shows the commodities included in 
each class of Index Securities: 
Table 1 – Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities Available for Issue: 
  Securities 
 
 Index Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cocoa* 
Lead* 
Platinum* 
Tin* 
* Longer Dated Commodity Securities of these classes are not currently available for issue and these commodities are not 
currently comprised in any class of Index Securities. 
** Commodity Securities of these classes are included in the classes of Index Securities represented in this table but are not 
currently available for issue. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any 
other currency-hedged commodity index calculated by and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any 
of its Affiliates) in accordance with the Handbook and denominated in any currency, provided that the 
Issuer can create matching Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. To the extent that this 
Prospectus does not provide full details of such class or classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grains 
 
 
 
Agriculture 
Livestock 
Precious 
Metals 
 
Industrial 
Metals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Broad 
Commodities 
Ex-Energy 
 
 
Petroleum 
 
 
 
 
 
Broad 
Commodities 
Ex-Agriculture 
& Livestock† 
 
 
Energy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Broad Commodities 
Natural Gas 
WTI Crude Oil 
Brent Crude 
Unleaded Gasoline 
Heating Oil 
Gas Oil 
Aluminium 
Copper 
Zinc 
Nickel 
Wheat 
Kansas Wheat 
Corn 
Soybeans 
Sugar 
Cotton 
Coffee

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and 
details of the relevant currency-hedged commodity index) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
 
Pricing and Trading of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
The Price of each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security will be calculated daily to reflect the 
daily movement in the level of the relevant Commodity Index on each Pricing Day and a daily Capital 
Adjustment (described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). 
The Commodity Indices will be as published by Bloomberg. 
No Price will be calculated for a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security for a Market Disruption 
Day or in certain other circumstances as specified in the Conditions and on any day when, in accordance 
with the Conditions, a Price is not calculated, the Conditions provide for an Indicative Price to be 
calculated instead, and once a Price can again be calculated it will be based on the preceding day’s 
Indicative Price. 
Further information on the pricing of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is set out in Part 4 
(Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) and worked examples are provided in Part 2 
(How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?) 
 
Publication of Pricing Information 
The Prices and Capital Adjustments (and where applicable Indicative Prices) for all classes of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities will be calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer as at the end of each 
Pricing Day. 
The Issuer’s calculations of the Capital Adjustments and all Prices (and any Indicative Prices) will be 
posted on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
 
Listing and Trading 
All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are fully transferable. 
The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and 
investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
there. 
The Issuer has applied to the FCA for all of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued 
within 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London 
Stock Exchange, for all of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on its 
Main Market . However, an active secondary market on the Main Market may not develop in respect of 
all classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities traded on the London Stock Exchange may have 
different market makers, bid/offer spreads and depth of liquidity and may be traded using different 
platforms. The Issuer hopes that some of the more liquid Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will 
be traded on the Sets-MM platform but can give no assurance as to which Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities might attract the most and the least amount of trading activity. 
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the 
London Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com. 
Certain classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities have also been admitted to listing and/or 
trading on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) and on the ETFplus market of Borsa Italiana

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
S.p.A., see Part 6 (The Programme). 
 
Commodity Contracts and Facility Agreements 
To gain exposure to the change in the levels of the relevant Commodity Index and to match the liability 
of the Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption, Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be 
backed by Commodity Contracts with corresponding terms. Each time Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities are issued or redeemed by the Issuer, corresponding Commodity Contracts will be created 
or terminated by the Issuer under a Facility Agreement. 
All Commodity Contracts of a particular class will be attributable to the same Pool as the existing 
Commodity Contracts of that class and newly issued Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be 
backed by the same assets (including the newly created and existing Commodity Contracts of that class) 
as the existing Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class. Security Holders will be informed 
of any further issues of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of a particular class by means of the 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has entered into Facility Agreements with MLI and CGML (respectively as the counterparty 
to the Commodity Contracts). The Issuer has also entered into Security Agreements with MLI and CGML 
and Control Agreements with MLI and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Securities Intermediary) and with 
CGML and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Securities Intermediary), the terms of which are described 
below. Information relating to MLI and CGML is set out in Part 11 (Particulars of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties). 
Under the terms of the Facility Agreements, the Issuer can create and terminate Commodity Contracts 
on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limit (and days not being 
Market Disruption Days) and certain other conditions. Further information on the Creation Limits and the 
Redemption Limit is set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit”. 
The Issuer is only permitted to issue new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities if it can create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
Further information on Commodity Contracts, the Facility Agreements, the Security Agreements and the 
Control Agreements is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are obliged to provide Collateral to the Issuer to support their 
obligations under the Commodity Contracts. The Collateral is held in accounts in the names of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties at the Bank of New York Mellon. A description of the arrangements 
for the provision of Collateral by each Commodity Contract Counterparty under its respective Security 
Agreement and Control Agreement is set out under the heading “Security Agreements and Control 
Agreements — Provision of Collateral by the Commodity Contract Counterparties” in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The payment obligations of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement are also supported by a guarantee 
from Bank of America Corporation and the payment obligations of CGML under the CGML Facility 
Agreement are also supported by a guarantee from CGMH. Descriptions of the BAC Guarantee and the 
Citigroup Guarantee are set out under the headings “BAC Guarantee” and “Citigroup Guarantee” 
respectively in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the 
Trust Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each type of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be 
secured by a charge over the equivalent class of Commodity Contracts held by the Issuer and over the 
rights of the Issuer in respect of those Commodity Contracts under the Facility Agreements, the Security 
Agreements and the Control Agreements.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Security Holders 
Authorised Participants 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears 
below (for simplicity only one Commodity Contract Counterparty and Collateral Account is illustrated and 
the BAC Guarantee and Citigroup Guarantee are omitted). The principal aspects of the structure are the 
same whether the Commodity Contract Counterparty is MLI or CGML: 
 
Agreements 
 
Fund Flows 
 
Collateral Flows     
 
Trust Instrument 
Security Deed 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Market-making 
Currency- 
Hedged 
Commodity 
Securities 
 
 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Facility 
Agreement 
and 
Security 
Agreement 
  
 
 
 
 
Control 
Agreement 
 
Commodity 
Contracts 
 
Creation and Redemption payments 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities as represented by the above diagram. 
Most Security Holders will buy or sell their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities for cash on the 
London Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the Stock 
Exchanges on which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading) rather than 
directly from the Issuer. Details of the exchanges on which a particular type of security can be traded 
are set out in the applicable Final Terms. Market makers provide liquidity on those stock exchanges. To 
aid this process, the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as Authorised Participant Agreements) 
with certain financial institutions — Authorised Participants — whereby it has agreed to issue Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities to those Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. Further details 
about the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading “Authorised Participant 
Agreements” in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The creation of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be settled on a delivery versus payment 
basis in CREST whereby an Authorised Participant will deliver an amount of cash to the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty equal to the Price of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued, 
in exchange for which the Issuer will issue Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and deliver them to 
the Authorised Participant via CREST. Further details about the settlement of Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities can be found under the heading “Settlement” in Part 6 (The Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on a stock 
exchange, sell the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in off-exchange transactions (known as 
“OTC” or “over-the-counter” transactions) or keep the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to hold 
themselves. The creation process is described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities). Each time Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are issued the Issuer will 
create corresponding Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the number of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities of the relevant class issued. 
If an Authorised Participant requests the redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, they 
must return those Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities into CREST and in return will receive from 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty an amount of cash equal to the Price (or, if higher, the Principal 
Amount) of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be redeemed less any applicable redemption 
fee in respect of those Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The redemption process is described 
in more detail in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
 
 
 
Collateral 
Collateral 
Accounts 
Securities Intermediary 
Issuer 
ManJer 
Commodity Contract 
Counterparty 
Trustee

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
If Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities, they must generally sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading or in a private transaction. Such sale 
would typically be for cash. Generally Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will only be issued to 
Authorised Participants and Authorised Participants only will be able to require redemption of them. In 
each case this will be done in return for delivery of cash. In circumstances where there are no Authorised 
Participants or as the Issuer may in its sole discretion determine, Security Holders who are not 
Authorised Participants may require redemption of their securities directly with the Issuer. In this case, 
the Issuer will cancel a number of Commodity Contracts of the relevant class equal in number to the 
number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities being redeemed and use the cash proceeds of such 
cancellation to pay redemption proceeds to redeeming Security Holders. 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities can be issued or redeemed at any time, subject to conditions 
(including not exceeding the Creation Limits and Redemption Limit), by Authorised Participants. The 
issue and redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
have sufficient liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the London Stock Exchange or other 
exchanges tracks the relevant Price formula. Only an Authorised Participant may apply for or (unless 
there are at any given time no Authorised Participants or as otherwise announced by the Issuer) redeem 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities — all other persons must buy and sell Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities through trading on the London Stock Exchange or other relevant exchanges on 
which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities can only be issued or redeemed if corresponding Commodity 
Contracts can be created or terminated. There are limits on the creation and termination of Commodity 
Contracts, which means that there are corresponding limits on the issue and redemption of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Further information in relation to Applications and Redemptions and the Creation Limits and Redemption 
Limit is set out under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities). 
 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the payment obligations of the Issuer 
to Security Holders upon redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets 
so that the Issuer can issue separate classes of securities, based on different prices, different currencies 
of denomination or having some other different characteristics, but on terms that each such separate 
class of securities would have recourse only to the assets attributable to that class and not to the assets 
attributable to any other class. The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities will represent the Pool for that class. 
Thus there are 210 separate Pools currently applicable to Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities.    A 
single Pool secures all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of a single class. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument. The Trustee holds 
all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a single Security Deed in respect of all the 
Pools. The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under the Security Deed in respect of any 
particular Pool are held by the Trustee on trust for the Security Holders of that particular class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Under the terms of the Security Deed, the Issuer has in respect of each Pool assigned to the Trustee by 
way of security the contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class under each Facility Agreement, 
and granted a first-ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s rights in relation 
to the Secured Property attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights under 
each Facility Agreement, all Commodity Contracts for the relevant class created pursuant to each Facility 
Agreement, the BAC Guarantee, the Citigroup Guarantee and the rights of the Issuer under each 
Security Agreement and each Control Agreement, in each case insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
If the amounts received from the relevant Secured Property are insufficient to make payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the relevant Pool, no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet that 
shortfall and all further claims of the holders in respect of such class of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities will be extinguished. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities). Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 8 (Particulars of the 
Security Deed). 
 
The Issuer and ManJer 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey on 11 November 2011 for the purpose of issuing 
debt securities the price of which is related to commodities or commodity indices and entering into the 
Documents and agreements relating to other classes or classes of commodity securities. The Issuer 
has not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities will be assigned credit ratings. 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by HoldCo, a company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding 
company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The 
Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The 
Issuer is dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further 
described below under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”. 
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently 
also provides such services to WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal 
Securities Limited, Wisdom Tree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. 
 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at    245 
Park Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the 
ultimate holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange traded product sponsor 
and asset manager. It also licences its indices to third parties. 
 
Administration and Registrar Services 
ManJer will, pursuant to the Services Agreement, supply, or arrange the supply of, all management and 
administration services for the Issuer and will pay all the management and administration costs of the 
Issuer (including those of the Secretary (as defined below) and Registrar). ManJer may engage third 
parties to provide some or all of these services. The Service Agreement may be terminated by ManJer 
at any time on three months’ notice or earlier in the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either 
party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was 
incorporated on 16 November 2010, its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, 
Jersey JE4 8PW, Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the 
Registrar is to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in 
Jersey. The Registrar is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) Law 
1991 on 2 September 1999. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited (the “Administrator”) whereby the Administrator will perform certain administration duties for 
the Issuer. The Administrator is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 November 1988. 
Further certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating 
exchange traded products and exchange traded fund companies and related service companies, in 
particular WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited and WisdomTree Issuer plc.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Management Fee and Licence Allowance 
In return for ManJer supplying to the Issuer, or arranging the supply to the Issuer of, all management and 
administration services, the Issuer is liable under the Services Agreement to pay ManJer a fee equal to 
the Management Fee paid to the Issuer by the Commodity Contract Counterparties under the Capital 
Adjustment Agreements. The Management Fee, as at the date of this Prospectus, is 0.49 per cent. per 
annum of the aggregate Price on that day of all Euro Commodity Securities and all Sterling Commodity 
Securities outstanding and 0.69 per cent. per annum of the aggregate Price on that day of all Australian 
Dollar Commodity Securities outstanding. The fee rate may be varied by the Issuer from time to time. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties will pay to the Issuer in respect of the Commodity Contracts to 
which each is party amounts equal to the Management Fee and a Licence Allowance, which will be used 
to pay licence fees to Bloomberg due under the Licence Agreement (with any difference being payable 
to/by ManJer). The Licence Allowance payable by each Commodity Contract Counterparty is currently 
0.05 per cent. per annum of the aggregate daily Price of all fully paid Commodity Contracts outstanding 
with that Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
The Issuer will only be liable to pay the fees to ManJer upon receipt of the relevant amounts from the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
The rate of the Management Fee and Licence Allowance will be reflected in the adjustments to the 
Capital Adjustment each day, commencing upon the relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
first being issued. 
If the Management Fee or the Licence Allowance is amended, such amendment will be notified through 
an RIS, and will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of the RIS. 
 
Commodity Contract Counterparty fees 
All fees of the Commodity Contract Counterparties are embedded solely into the Capital Adjustment 
formula. 
However the Commodity Contract Counterparties will have the use of the funds paid to them for the 
creation of Commodity Contracts (net of redemptions) although, as described under the heading 
“Security Agreements and Control Agreements” in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts), the Commodity Contract Counterparties have agreed to provide Collateral in 
respect of their respective obligations under the Commodity Contracts of a value at least equal to the 
value of such obligations. 
The amount they pay for this benefit is reflected in the collateral yield that forms part of the Capital 
Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties may also, on such basis as may be agreed between that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and ManJer, agree to further payments or receipts (a “Further 
Contribution”) in respect of the costs incurred by ManJer. Any such payments will not have any impact 
on holders of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Each Commodity Contract Counterparty is responsible for all costs associated with it hedging its 
exposures and managing the cash arising from the Issuer purchasing and terminating Commodity 
Contracts with it at any time. To the extent that the fees payable to the Commodity Contract Counterparty 
as part of the Capital Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital 
Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their 
investment?)) differs from the value to it of managing the exposures and having the use of cash, such 
Commodity Contract Counterparty will make a profit or loss from the transaction. 
 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Facility Agreement and any other Facility Agreement that may be entered into 
with other Commodity Contract Counterparties.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
More information on the role of MLI as Calculation Agent is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts) under the headings “Calculation Agency Agreement” and 
“Calculation Agent”. 
 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors, secretary and administrator of the Issuer at the date of this document are: 
 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Bell has served as Executive Vice 
President and Chief Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and 
exchange traded product sponsor and asset manager. From September 2007 to January 2018, Mr Bell 
held a number positions at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of 
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account 
executive at Sloane & Company from June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with 
university honors from Trinity College, Hartford, CT. 
 
Christopher Foulds — Non-Executive Director 
Mr Foulds is a director of HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours degree in Mathematics 
with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) with Deloitte LLP in 
Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and business 
advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his departure from 
Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up 
management and support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with 
ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed 
as the Compliance Officer of the Issuer and WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited. He has also 
previously been a non-executive director of the Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited in March 2020, Mr Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares 
(Jersey) Limited, a business providing digital asset investment products. 
 
Steven Ross — Non-Executive Director 
Mr Ross is a director of HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree in Accountancy before 
embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 2006. Whilst with 
PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number of 
assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and 
commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of 
Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration 
business and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and 
private investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and become a 
partner of Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
 
Peter M. Ziemba 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr. Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr. Ziemba has served as 
Executive Vice President—Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree 
Investments, Inc., an exchange-traded fund and exchange- traded product sponsor and asset manager. 
Prior to this role he served as Executive Vice President— Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 
to December 2017, and Chief Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
March 2011, Mr. Ziemba served as General Counsel to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr. Ziemba 
presently serves on the boards of a number of WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining 
WisdomTree, Mr. Ziemba was a partner in the Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, 
which served as primary corporate counsel for WisdomTree Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and 
was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr. Ziemba received his B.A. in History with university 
honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with 
limited liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other 
business activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment 
schemes and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter in Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited are: 
Louise Follain 
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Steven George Ross 
Secretary 
The secretary of the Issuer is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Hilary Jones, Peter Ziemba, Steven Ross and 
Stuart Bell. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
The biographies of Mr Ross, Mr Bell and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading “Directors and 
Secretary of the Issuer” above. The biography of Ms Jones is as follows: 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones is a director of ManJer. Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 
15 years before moving to Jersey in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited from 
2009 to 2019 and since December 2019 she has been working at JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited. 
Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities 
team and at Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones has over 30 
years’ experience in the finance sector and has extensive experience of real estate, private equity and 
special purpose vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones has acted as director for a number of companies 
with a private equity or real estate focus. Ms Jones has also served on the legal and technical sub-
committee of the Jersey Funds Association.  
 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the Issuer and 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the 
Issuer. Mr Ross is also director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the Issuer 
and the secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of 
interest, the Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties which the directors and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (an 
exchange traded product issuer)) and WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via 
segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
Further Information 
Information regarding taxation in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey in respect of the Programme 
and Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is set out in Part 12 (Taxation). If an investor is in any

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
doubt about the tax position, it should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to 
the Programme and Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
PART 2 
 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
 
Pricing of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
The Price of each Currency-Hedged Commodity Security reflects movements in the Commodity Indices, 
which are excess return indices, adjusted by an interest return on the value invested in that class of 
securities net of applicable fees (by operation of what is known as the Capital Adjustment). A description 
of the formula used to price Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and a description of the Capital 
Adjustment element of the formula are set out under “Calculation of the Price” below. Worked examples 
of how to calculate the Price are set out under the heading “Worked Examples of the Calculation of the 
Price” below. These worked examples also show how the Capital Adjustment is applied as part of the 
calculation of the Price. The formula and method of calculating the Price is the same for all classes of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Each Currency-Hedged Commodity Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of 
the Principal Amount of that Currency-Hedged Commodity Security and the Price (Pricei,t). In normal 
circumstances, only Authorised Participants are able to redeem their Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities directly with the Issuer. 
The value of a Security Holder’s investment is equivalent to the amount in cash that they would receive 
upon a redemption — generally the applicable Price. The Principal Amounts of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities are set out in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
 
Calculation of the Price 
The pricing formula 
The Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on a day on which a Price is calculated is based 
on the change between the level of the relevant underlying index on that day (represented in the formula 
by Ii,t) and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day (Ii,t–1) and adjusted by the 
applicable fees (represented in the formula by CAi,t), and so is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (the “formula”) (the different components of the formula are further explained below): 
Pricei,t = Pi,t–1 x (Ii,t/Ii,t–1 + CAi,t) 
where: 
Pricei,t 
is the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security of the relevant class on the day on 
which the Price is being calculated; 
Pi,t–1 
is the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security of the relevant class on the 
previous day; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
t-1 
refer to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Ii,t 
is the level of the Commodity Index which the relevant class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security references on the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
Ii,t-1 
is the level of the Commodity Index which the relevant class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security references on the previous day; and 
CAi,t 
is the Capital Adjustment which applies to the relevant class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security on the day on which the Price is being calculated. 
 
The Capital Adjustment element of the formula 
The Capital Adjustment forms part of the pricing formula for the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and will result in certain adjustments to the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
The Capital Adjustment for each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is a daily rate 
expressed as a percentage, which is agreed from time to time between each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and the Issuer, and reflects: 
(i) 
an interest return (being the collateral yield for that class) on the value invested in that class of 
Individual Security, currently being equal to the four week U.S. Treasury Bill rate modified by the 
movement in the relevant exchange rate plus an implied foreign exchange hedging cost which is 
expected to reflect an interest rate differential between (1) the US Dollar interbank interest rate 
and (2) the interbank benchmark interest rate for the Relevant Currency; 
(ii) 
the fees payable to ManJer, currently of 0.49 per cent. per annum in respect of the Euro 
Commodity Securities and the Sterling Commodity Securities and 0.69 per cent. per annum in 
respect of the Australian Dollar Commodity Securities, for the services it provides under the 
Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
a Spread relating to the relevant class of Commodity Security; and 
(iv) 
the fees payable to the provider of the Commodity Indices, currently of 0.05 per cent. per annum. 
The Spread for each class of Commodity Security is currently equal to the sum of the Commodity 
Hedging Cost and the FX Daily Hedging Cost in respect of that class, as specified below: 
Commodity  
FX Daily 
Hedging Cost Hedging Cost 
(per cent. 
(per cent. 
per annum) 
per annum) 
Australian Dollar Classic Securities 
0.45 
0.28 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Securities 
0.60 
0.28 
Euro Classic Securities 
0.45 
0.22 
Euro Longer Dated Securities 
0.60 
0.22 
Sterling Classic Securities 
0.45 
0.20 
Sterling Longer Dated Securities 
0.60 
0.20 
If the Issuer has Commodity Contracts outstanding with more than one Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in relation to any Pool, the Capital Adjustment for that Pool (and the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities of that class) will be the weighted average of the daily adjustment on all 
Commodity Contracts attributable to that Pool. The Capital Adjustment may or may not be less than the 
rate of interest which an investor could earn by depositing funds in money markets at overnight rates, 
or by fully collateralising an investment in futures contracts. 
As at 30 October  2020, the rate of the Capital Adjustment was as follows: 
 
 
Daily† 
Annual* 
Australian Dollar Classic Securities 
-0.00429% 
-1.55791% 
Euro Classic Securities 
-0.00537% 
-1.94628% 
Sterling Classic Securities 
-0.00367% 
-1.33426% 
Australian longer Dated Securities 
-0.00470% 
-1.70553% 
Euro Longer Dated Securities 
-0.00578% 
-2.09332% 
Sterling Longer Dated Securities 
-0.00408% 
-1.48222% 
† as of 30 October  2020 (rate changes daily) 
 
 
* is the Daily rate compounded over 366 days 
 
 
The rate of the Capital Adjustment for any day can only be calculated at the end of that day (because it 
depends on exchange rates for that day), but the Issuer will publish on its website weekly in advance 
the relevant four week U.S. Treasury Bill rate and will give at least 30 days’ notice by a RIS 
announcement of any change in the method of calculation of the Capital Adjustment or of any change 
in the Spread. 
The Capital Adjustment applying to each type of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on each day 
will be posted by the Issuer on its website, at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Worked Example of Calculation of the Price 
If on a particular day (t), the Price of the WisdomTree Aluminium — EUR Daily Hedged securities on the 
previous day was 10, the closing level of the relevant underlying index on the day on which the Price is 
being calculated is 110, the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day was 100 and the  
Capital  Adjustment  for  the  WisdomTree  Aluminium  —  EUR   Daily   Hedged   securities was -
0.0000327, then the Price of a WisdomTree Aluminium — EUR Daily Hedged security would be 
calculated using the pricing formula as follows: 
Pricei,t = Pi,t–1 x (Ii,t/Ii,t–1 + CAi,t) 
where: 
Pi,t–1 
= 10 
Ii,t 
= 110 
Ii,t-1 
= 100 
CAi,t 
= -0.0000327 
So: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pricei,t = 10 x (110/100 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t = 10 x (1.1 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t = 10 x 1.0999673 
Pricei,t = 10.999673 
The Price of a WisdomTree Aluminium — EUR Daily Hedged security on day t is therefore $10.999673. 
 
How the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is affected by the changes in the value 
of the underlying index 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security is affected under 3 different examples of normal market conditions. These 
scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities for one day. 
• 
One Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is bought from a broker at a price of $10. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is bought is 
100. 
• 
The Capital Adjustment on the day of investment is -0.0000327. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the custody fees of 
the investor’s bank are excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on 
exchange.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases from 100 to 90 the next day. 
• 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pricei,t = 10 x (90/100 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t = 10 x (0.9 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t  = 10 x 0.8999673 
Pricei,t  = 8.999673 
• 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security and has lost $1.000327 from 
his/her initial investment the previous day. 
 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 100 to 110 the next day. 
• 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pricei,t = 10 x (110/100 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t = 10 x (1.1 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t  = 10 x 1.0999673 
Pricei,t  = 10.999673 
• 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security and has gained $0.999673 on 
his/her initial investment the previous day. 
 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.000327 per Currency-Hedged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pricei,t = 10 x (100/100 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t = 10 x (1 + -0.0000327) 
Pricei,t  = 10 x 0.9999673 
Pricei,t  = 9.999673 
• 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security and has lost $0.000327 from 
his/her initial investment the previous day. 
 
Interest 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
PART 3 
 
THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEX FAMILY 
 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices 
With effect from 1 July 2014, Bloomberg took over responsibility from CME Indexes for the governance, 
calculation, distribution and licensing of the specific Individual Commodity Indices known as the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family (prior to 1 July 2014, these Individual Commodity Indices were 
known as the Dow-Jones UBS Commodity IndicesSM), by reference to which all Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities will be priced. 
The Bloomberg Commodity Indices – Daily Currency Hedged Versions and their sub-indices (including 
the Commodity Indices) are published on the Website. 
The methodology used to calculate these indices is set out in the Handbook, which at the date of this 
Prospectus is available at the Website. 
The Bloomberg Commodity Indices — Daily Currency Hedged Versions are intended as benchmarks for 
non-US Dollar investors wishing to invest in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and sub-indices and the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and sub-indices, which are calculated in US Dollars, 
for which the effects of foreign exchange risk are hedged. The Bloomberg Commodity Indices 
— Daily Currency Hedged Versions are denominated in the following currencies, amongst others: 
Australian Dollar, Euro and Pound Sterling. Each such index is calculated by reference to the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM or the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM (which are calculated in US 
Dollars) and reflects a hedge into the Currency of denomination of the relevant Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Index which is rebalanced on a daily basis. 
The Unhedged Commodity Indices are widely followed indices which in the case of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM, and the Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Indices for the commodities 
included therein (other than Brent Crude), has been published since 1998, with simulated historical data 
calculated back to January 1991 and in the case of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, 
and the Unhedged Longer Dated Individual Commodity Indices for the commodities included therein, 
has been published since July 2006, with simulated historical data calculated back to 1991. The Cocoa 
Unhedged Individual Commodity Index has been published since February 2006 with simulated historical 
data calculated back to 1991, the Lead, Platinum and Tin Unhedged Individual Commodity Indices have 
been published since March 2008 with simulated historical data calculated back to 1991 and the Brent 
Crude and Gas Oil Unhedged Individual Commodity Indices have been published since December 2011, 
with simulated historical data calculated back to 1991. At the beginning of 1991 each index started at 
100 and is increased or decreased each day pursuant to the calculation methodology set out in the 
Handbook by reference to prices of the relevant constituent futures contracts. Consequently the 
Unhedged Commodity Indices and the Commodity Indices are excess return indices. 
The same input components used for Unhedged Commodity Indices are also used by Bloomberg in 
conjuction with UBS Securities to construct indices representing smaller groups of commodities and 
Unhedged Individual Commodity Indices. Cocoa, Lead, Platinum, Tin and Gas Oil are not currently 
included in the Commodity Indices. 
Bloomberg has established an internal Index Oversight Committee to comply with the “19 Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks” as published by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions 
(IOSCO). The Index Oversight Committee consists of senior representatives from various Bloomberg 
business units. The purpose of the Index Oversight Committee is to discuss, review and challenge all 
aspects of the benchmark process. Additionally, an external Index Advisory Committee has been 
established to provide Bloomberg with guidance and feedback from the investment community on index 
products and processes. The Index Advisory Committee helps set index priorities, discusses potential 
rule changes and provides ideas for new business products.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Specifically, the Index Oversight Committee reviews and approves (in consultation with the Index 
Advisory Committee) amendments to the Handbook, which sets out the procedures for determining, 
amongst other things: 
• 
the commodities to be included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
• 
the Exchanges and the Designated Contracts to be used to price each Unhedged Individual 
Commodity Index; 
• 
the Roll Period for each Designated Contract; 
• 
the weighting of each commodity in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
• 
determining when a Market Disruption Event occurs and the consequences of such; 
• 
determining whether to apply different methodologies or make other changes to the calculations 
of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices in the event that a currency control mechanism is 
implemented or other material disruptions occur in the relevant foreign exchange markets; 
• 
the formulae to calculate each index; and 
• 
changes to any of the above. 
Any changes implemented by the Index Oversight Committee which are reflected in the Handbook and 
which affect the Commodity Indices will be notified to Security Holders through an RIS made as soon 
as practical after the change is notified to the Issuer. 
 
Composition and Weightings 
The weightings of the components in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, and hence in the other 
Unhedged Composite Commodity Indices, are subject to change periodically. Apart from changes to the 
weightings, there can be changes to the actual commodities and Designated Contracts included in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. At present there are 27 commodities eligible for inclusion in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but four of those commodities (cocoa, lead, platinum and tin) are 
currently not included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. Bloomberg also calculates (in conjunction 
with UBS Securities) Unhedged Individual Commodity Indexes and Individual Commodity Indexes for 
two other commodities (orange juice and feeder cattle) not currently eligible for inclusion in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. The same commodities and unit weightings as are used in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are also used in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM 
and hence in the composite 3-month forward sub-indices. 
A complete description of the procedures involved in recalculating the composition of the Commodity 
Indices each year is set out in the Handbook and the appendices thereto. As part of those procedures, 
the following diversification rules are applied in determining the Commodity Index Percentages (CIPs), 
i.e. the weights, in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM: 
• 
no single commodity may constitute less than 2 per cent. (as liquidity allows) or more than       15 
per cent. of the Index; 
• 
no single commodity, together with its derivatives (e.g., crude oil, together with heating oil and 
gasoline), may constitute more than 25 per cent. of the Index; and 
• 
no related group of commodities (e.g., energy, precious metals, livestock or grains) may constitute 
more than 33 per cent. of the Index. 
The Commodity Indices are re-balanced annually on a price percentage basis, within the confines of the 
above parameters, and each sub-index is rebalanced proportionally (without any further limitations on 
the weights). At the time of a rebalancing of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, it is possible that 
additional commodities not presently represented in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM will be added, 
or that one or more commodities presently represented will be removed.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Designated Contracts 
For each commodity included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM a particular futures contract on a 
futures exchange is selected and for that contract certain designated contract months are selected. For 
most of the commodities the Designated Contract is a futures contract traded on various exchanges in 
the United States, with the balance being futures contracts traded on the LME in London. Within each 
Designated Contract, there are a number of futures contracts for delivery in different months. Not all of 
them are used for the calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. Rather, a number of Designated 
Month Contracts are selected, and intermediate futures contracts are ignored for the purposes of this 
calculation. This reduces the number of Roll Periods required for each commodity while still enabling 
pricing to be based on one of the more liquid near month contracts. 
The Designated Contracts, and Designated Month Contracts, for each of the 27 commodities currently 
eligible for inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, and for gas oil (which is currently not so 
eligible), are currently as follows: 
 
Table 2a — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts 
Relevant 
Commodity 
Exchange  Designated Contract and (Contract Code) 
Designated Month Contracts(1) 
Natural Gas 
WTI Crude Oil 
Brent Crude Oil 
Unleaded 
NYMEX(4) 
NYMEX(4) 
ICE 
Henry Hub Natural Gas (NG) 
Light, Sweet Crude Oil (CL) 
Brent Crude Oil (B) 
Mar 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Jan 
Gasoline 
NYMEX(4) RBOB Gasoline (RB) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Heating Oil 
NYMEX(4) Heating Oil (HO) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Gas Oil 
ICE 
Low Sulphur Gas Oil (QS) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Aluminum 
LME 
High Grade Primary Aluminium (AL) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Copper 
COMEX(4) Copper (HG) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Zinc 
LME 
Special High Grade Zinc (ZN) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Nickel 
LME 
Primary Nickel (NI) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Gold 
COMEX(4) Gold (GC) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
Aug 
Dec  
Silver 
COMEX(4) Silver (SI) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Live Cattle 
CME(2) 
Live Cattle (LC) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 
Lean Hogs 
CME(2) 
Lean Hogs (LH) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
July 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 
Wheat 
CBOT(2) 
Soft Wheat (W) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Kansas Wheat KCBT 
Kansas Wheat (KW) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Corn 
CBOT(2) 
Corn ( C) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Soybeans 
CBOT(2) 
Soybeans (S) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Nov 
Jan  
Sugar 
NYBOT(3) 
World Sugar NO. 11 (SB) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Oct  
 
Cotton 
NYBOT(3) 
Cotton (CT) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Dec  
 
Coffee 
NYBOT(3) 
Coffee (KC) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Soybean Oil 
CBOT(2) 
Soybean Oil (BO) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Dec 
Jan  
Soybean Meal CBOT(2) 
Soybean Meal (SM) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Dec 
Jan  
Cocoa 
NYBOT(3) 
Cocoa (CC) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec  
Lead 
LME 
Refine Standard Lead (LL) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Platinum 
NYMEX(4) Platinum (PL) 
Apr 
Jul 
Oct 
Jan  
 
Tin 
LME 
Refined Tin (LT) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
(1) The contract months are as named by the Exchange in question, irrespective of the particular delivery dates 
(2) Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange merged in 2007 
(3) ICE Futures U.S. 
(4) The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc, merged with CME Group in 2008 
(5) Kansas City Board of Trade 
 
For the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM the designated month contracts are exactly the 
same as for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM save that for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM, the contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM in three calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar 
month for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM. The current Lead Future contracts for 
the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are shown in Table 2b. For each month of the year, a Designated 
Contract is used as the Lead Contract in calculating the various Commodity Indices. The month of the 
year is shown across the top row. The relevant Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index is shown 
along the left hand side. The months in the body of the table indicate the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
specific Lead Contract to apply in each month labelled at the top of each column. If today is 3 March 
2020, the Lead Contract for Bloomberg Natural Gas IndexSM is the Natural Gas contract for delivery in 
May 2020. The Lead Contract for the Bloomberg Natural Gas 3 Month Forward IndexSM is therefore the 
Lead Contract which will be the Lead Contract for the Bloomberg Natural Gas IndexSM in May 2020, 
which is the Natural Gas contract for delivery in July 2020. 
 
Table 2b — Lead Futures for Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
 
Commodity 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
Apr 
May 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Natural Gas 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
WTI Crude Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Unleaded Gasoline 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Heating Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Live Cattle 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Aug 
Aug 
Oct 
Oct 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Lean Hogs 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Oct 
Oct 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Wheat 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Corn 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Soybeans 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Soybean Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Jan 
Jan 
Aluminium 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Copper 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Zinc 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Nickel 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Lead 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Tin 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Gold 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Aug 
Aug 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Silver 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Platinum 
Apr 
Apr 
Apr 
Jul 
Jul 
Jul 
Oct 
Oct 
Oct 
Jan 
Jan 
Jan 
Sugar 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Oct 
Oct 
Oct 
Mar 
Mar 
Mar 
Cotton 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Coffee 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Cocoa 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Brent Crude Oil 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Mar 
Gas Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Soybean Meal 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Jan 
Jan 
Kansas Wheat 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
The termination or replacement of a futures contract on an established exchange occurs infrequently. If 
a Designated Contract were to be terminated or replaced, a comparable futures contract would be 
selected, if available, to replace that Designated Contract. 
 
Roll Process 
The Commodity Indices and the other Unhedged Commodity Indices are calculated each General 
Trading Day, using the Settlement Prices of near dated futures contracts. 
Because futures contracts expire periodically, the index calculations must change from using one futures 
contract (the “Lead Future”) to using a subsequent futures contract (the “Next Future”). This process 
is called “rolling”, and normally happens proportionally over a five day period (the “Roll Period”), on the 
sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth General Trading Days of a month but only if that day and the prior 
General Trading Day is a Pricing Day for the relevant commodity. If not, the change for the relevant 
commodity is deferred until the next following Pricing Day, and implemented in addition to the change 
which would otherwise be implemented on that day. 
The current Designated Month Contracts are listed above in the far right column of Table 2a. 
For the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, a contract is the Lead Future in the month prior to its named 
month (so that for Natural Gas, the January contract is the Lead Future in December) and in any earlier 
months, as required (so that the January contract is also the Lead Future for Natural Gas in November). 
Pricing is rolled from the Lead Future to the Next Future in the month prior to its named month (so that 
pricing for Natural Gas rolls in early December from the January contract to the March contract). 
For the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM the process is similar save that the contracts 
that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM in three calendar 
months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar month for the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM. 
As can be seen in Table 2a and 2b, not all commodities have the same named months or number of

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Designated Month Contracts. Consequently, the commodities to be rolled each month will vary from 
month to month. 
 
Market Disruption Days 
If a Commodity Market Disruption Day occurs in the Relevant Market for an Individual Commodity Index 
on a General Trading Day, that Individual Commodity Index may or may not be calculated and published 
by Bloomberg on that day. Irrespective of whether an Individual Commodity Index is so published by 
Bloomberg, that day will not (unless a substitute value for the relevant Commodity Index is provided as 
described below) be a Pricing Day for the relevant class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security. If a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs in the Relevant Market for one or more futures contracts by 
reference to which an Unhedged Composite Commodity Index is calculated on a General Trading Day, 
the Composite Commodity Index corresponding to such Unhedged Commodity Index may or may not 
be calculated and published by Bloomberg on that day. Irrespective of whether a Composite Commodity 
Index is published, that day will not (unless a substitute value for the relevant Commodity Index is 
provided as described below) be a Pricing Day for the purposes of pricing the relevant class of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Security. 
If an Individual Commodity Index or a Composite Commodity Index is not published for five or more 
consecutive General Trading Days by reason of those General Trading Days being Commodity Market 
Disruption Days in respect of that Individual Commodity Index or in relation to any commodity the 
Settlement Price of which is used to determine the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to that 
Composite Commodity Index, then in each case the Calculation Agent is required to calculate and 
provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Individual Commodity Index and/or Composite 
Commodity Index on each subsequent General Trading Day for as long as the Commodity Market 
Disruption Event continues, in which case those days will not be Commodity Market Disruption Days. If 
the relevant disruption is continuing after 30 days, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will negotiate to 
agree a replacement for that Commodity Index. Failing agreement within a further period of 30 days, the 
Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the relevant Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
If a FX Market Disruption Day occurs in respect of a class of Commodity Contracts on a General Trading 
Day which is a Pricing Day, the Calculation Agent may not be able to source the Foreign Exchange Rate 
and no creations or cancellations of a particular class of Commodity Contract may occur. 
If there are five or more consecutive FX Market Disruption Days, then on each subsequent General 
Trading Day for as long as the FX Market Disruption Event continues the Calculation Agent will calculate 
and provide a substitute Foreign Exchange Rate in respect of any Commodity Index the Relevant 
Currency of which is the subject of an FX Market Disruption Event. If the Calculation Agent does so 
provide such a substitute Foreign Exchange Rate, such General Trading Day will not be a FX Market 
Disruption Day. 
 
Daily Currency Hedged Versions 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices are denominated in Australian Dollar, Euro and Pound 
Sterling and each index aims to replicate the performance of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
(denominated in US Dollars), save that foreign exchange rate exposures affecting the index principal 
are hedged against the index’s currency of denomination. Like the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and 
the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices are 
excess return indices. 
Hedging for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices is implemented against the previous day’s level 
of each Currency-Hedged Commodity Index (i.e. the principal), which means that the current day’s 
variation of the corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index is not included in the hedge for that day. For 
this reason, the daily percentage change generated on each Currency-Hedged Commodity Index may 
differ from the daily percentage change of the corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index denominated 
in US Dollars. Any difference in performance between the two types of indices may be positive or 
negative. Hedging against both the principal level of the index and the daily variation would require 
entering into a currency forward with a variable notional amount; such strategy is generally referred to 
as a “quanto”. 
 
Effect of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices 
Generally, on a day when there is a positive correlation between the relevant foreign exchange rate 
(expressed in US Dollars) and the relevant Unhedged Commodity Index (i.e. they both move in the same 
direction, up or down) then the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index will underperform the corresponding

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Unhedged Commodity Index on such day. The hypothetical examples in Table 3 demonstrate the 
difference in performance between a Currency-Hedged Commodity Index (in this case the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Euro Hedged DailySM) and the corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (in this 
case the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM) when both the index and the foreign exchange rate (in this 
case the Euro to US Dollar foreign exchange rate) move in the same direction. The example also 
compares the performance of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index with the return if a pure quanto 
hedging strategy were used. 
Table 3 
Scenario A: Both the Foreign Exchange Rate and the Index Level Increase 
Bloomberg 
 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM 
Unhedged 
EUR/USD FX 
Commodity 
Index Euro 
Hedged DailySM 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Quanto Euro 
Rate 
Index 
Index 
Hedged Index 
Level at close Day t-1 
1.1000 
200.000 
100.00 
100.000 
Level at close Day t 
1.2000 
220.000 
109.1667(1) 
110.000(2) 
% Change 
+9.09 
+10.00 
+9.17 
+10.00 
Scenario B: Both the Foreign Exchange Rate and the Index Level Decrease 
Bloomberg 
 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM 
Unhedged 
EUR/USD FX 
Commodity 
Index Euro 
Hedged DailySM 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Quanto Euro 
Rate 
Index 
Index 
Hedged Index 
Level at close Day t-1 
1.1000 
200.000 
100.00 
100.000 
Level at close Day t 
1.0000 
180.000 
89.000(1) 
90.000(2) 
% Change 
-9.09 
-10.00 
-11.00 
-10.00 
(1) For more details on the calculation please refer to the Handbook 
(2) Performance of the quanto strategy is equal to the performance of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
 
In each of the scenarios above the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index would have underperformed a 
quanto strategy, which over that same period should generate a performance equal to that of the 
Unhedged Commodity Index (i.e. a 10 per cent. increase or a 10 per cent. decrease). 
Generally, on a day when there is a negative correlation between the relevant foreign exchange rate 
(expressed in US Dollars) and the relevant Unhedged Commodity Index (i.e., they move in opposing 
directions) the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index will outperform the corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index on such day. The hypothetical examples in Table 4 demonstrate the difference in 
performance between the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index (in this case the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Euro Hedged DailySM) and the corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (in this case the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM) when the index and the foreign exchange rate (in this case the Euro to 
US Dollar foreign exchange rate) move in opposite directions. The example also compares the 
performance of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index with the return if a pure quanto hedging strategy 
were used. 
 
Table 4 
Scenario C: The Foreign Exchange Rate Decreases and the Index Level Increase 
Bloomberg 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
Commodity  
Index Euro 
IndexSM 
Hedged DailySM 
Unhedged   Currency-Hedged 
 
EUR/USD FX 
Rate 
Commodity 
Index 
Commodity 
Index 
Quanto Euro 
Hedged Index 
Level at close Day t-1 
1.1000 
200.000 
100.000 
100.000 
Level at close Day t 
1.0000 
220.000 
111.0000(1) 
110.000(2) 
% Change 
-9.09 
+10.00 
+11.00 
+10.00

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Scenario D: The Foreign Exchange Rate Increases and the Index Level Decreases 
Bloomberg 
 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM 
Unhedged 
EUR/USD FX 
Commodity 
Index Euro 
Hedged DailySM 
Currency-Hedged 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Commodity 
 
 
 
Quanto Euro 
Rate 
Index 
Index 
Hedged Index 
Level at close Day t-1 
1.1000 
200.000 
100.00 
100.000 
Level at close Day t 
1.2000 
180.000 
90.8333(1) 
90.000(2) 
% Change 
+9.09 
-10.00 
-9.17 
-10.00 
(1) For more details on the calculation please refer to the Handbook 
(2) Performance of the quanto strategy is equal to the performance of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
 
In both Scenarios C and D the Currency-Hedged Commodity Index would have out-performed a quanto 
strategy which over that same period should generate a performance equal to that of the Unhedged 
Commodity Index (i.e. a 10 per cent. increase or a 10 per cent. decrease). 
 
Historical correlation coefficients 
Table 5 shows the historical correlations between the performance of each of the Australian Dollar, Euro 
or Pound Sterling foreign exchange rates (in each case expressed against the US Dollar) and the return 
of the Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Indices and Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity 
Indices over a range of periods.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Table 5 – Historical correlation coefficient between the returns of hedged currency (vs. US dollar) 
and the returns of the Unhedged Commodity Index (in this case the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index) expressed in US Dollars 
 
Frequency of calculation: Daily basis 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Period considered: 
January 1991 to 
October 2020 
Period considered: 
January 2005 to 
October 2020 
Period considered: 
January 2009 to 
October 2020 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
EUR(1) 
GBP 
AUD 
EUR 
GBP 
AUD 
EUR 
GBP 
AUD 
Main index and sub indices 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
All Commodity 
0.22 
0.23 
0.39 
0.36 
-0.03 
0.50 
0.36 
0.34 
0.50 
Ex-Energy 
0.28 
0.26 
0.43 
0.40 
-0.03 
0.53 
0.40 
0.35 
0.53 
Energy 
0.09 
0.11 
0.21 
0.19 
-0.02 
0.32 
0.19 
0.22 
0.32 
Petroleum 
0.09 
0.13 
0.23 
0.19 
-0.02 
0.34 
0.19 
0.23 
0.34 
Precious Metals 
0.33 
0.26 
0.37 
0.41 
-0.03 
0.39 
0.41 
0.32 
0.39 
Industrial Metals 
0.21 
0.20 
0.38 
0.33 
-0.04 
0.49 
0.33 
0.30 
0.49 
Agriculture 
0.17 
0.17 
0.27 
0.26 
-0.01 
0.36 
0.26 
0.23 
0.36 
Grains 
0.13 
0.13 
0.21 
0.22 
-0.01 
0.29 
0.22 
0.19 
0.29 
Softs 
0.16 
0.15 
0.24 
0.23 
0.00 
0.33 
0.23 
0.21 
0.33 
Livestock 
0.02 
0.05 
0.08 
0.04 
0.01 
0.12 
0.04 
0.08 
0.12 
Individual sub indices 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Natural Gas 
0.04 
0.04 
0.08 
0.08 
0.00 
0.10 
0.08 
0.07 
0.10 
Crude Oil 
0.09 
0.12 
0.23 
0.18 
-0.02 
0.32 
0.18 
0.22 
0.32 
Unleaded Gas 
0.07 
0.12 
0.21 
0.16 
-0.02 
0.31 
0.16 
0.21 
0.31 
Heating Oil 
0.08 
0.12 
0.21 
0.19 
-0.02 
0.32 
0.19 
0.23 
0.32 
Gas Oil 
  
  
  
0.19 
-0.02 
0.33 
0.19 
0.24 
0.33 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Aluminium 
0.18 
0.16 
0.28 
0.29 
-0.02 
0.37 
0.29 
0.25 
0.37 
Copper 
0.19 
0.20 
0.37 
0.32 
-0.04 
0.49 
0.32 
0.30 
0.49 
Zinc 
0.16 
0.15 
0.30 
0.25 
-0.02 
0.38 
0.25 
0.22 
0.38 
Nickel 
0.13 
0.12 
0.26 
0.21 
-0.03 
0.34 
0.21 
0.19 
0.34 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Gold 
0.32 
0.25 
0.34 
0.39 
-0.03 
0.34 
0.39 
0.29 
0.34 
Silver 
0.28 
0.25 
0.36 
0.40 
-0.03 
0.43 
0.40 
0.33 
0.43 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Live Cattle 
0.02 
0.05 
0.08 
0.04 
0.00 
0.13 
0.04 
0.09 
0.13 
Lean Hogs 
0.01 
0.03 
0.05 
0.03 
0.02 
0.06 
0.03 
0.04 
0.06 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Wheat 
0.12 
0.10 
0.16 
0.18 
-0.01 
0.21 
0.18 
0.14 
0.21 
Corn 
0.11 
0.11 
0.18 
0.18 
-0.01 
0.24 
0.18 
0.15 
0.24 
Soybeans 
0.12 
0.12 
0.20 
0.20 
-0.01 
0.30 
0.20 
0.19 
0.30 
Soybean Meal 
  
  
  
0.15 
-0.01 
0.21 
0.15 
0.14 
0.21 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Sugar 
0.10 
0.09 
0.16 
0.15 
-0.01 
0.22 
0.15 
0.13 
0.22 
Cotton 
0.11 
0.11 
0.18 
0.19 
0.00 
0.27 
0.19 
0.19 
0.27 
Coffee 
0.08 
0.07 
0.13 
0.17 
-0.01 
0.25 
0.17 
0.16 
0.25 
Soybean Oil 
0.12 
0.13 
0.23 
0.22 
-0.03 
0.35 
0.22 
0.22 
0.35 
Kansas Wheat 
  
  
  
0.16 
-0.03 
0.20 
0.16 
0.12 
0.20 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cocoa 
0.18 
0.21 
0.17 
0.25 
0.00 
0.26 
0.25 
0.28 
0.26 
Lead 
0.18 
0.18 
0.29 
0.26 
-0.03 
0.39 
0.26 
0.23 
0.39 
Tin 
0.15 
0.14 
0.26 
0.23 
-0.03 
0.34 
0.23 
0.20 
0.34 
Platinum 
0.24 
0.21 
0.34 
0.35 
-0.03 
0.42 
0.35 
0.30 
0.42

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(1) prior to 1-Jan-99, historical data using Bloomberg’s THEOEURO Index. 
(2) Not included in the main index 
Source: Bloomberg 
As can be seen above, the correlation between the performance of the Australian Dollar against the US 
Dollar and the performance of the Unhedged Commodity Index against the corresponding EUR and 
GBP correlations has generally been relatively high which implies that over the periods above Australian 
Dollar-denominated Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices would have been expected to underperform 
the corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index on a particular day more than British Pound/Euro 
denominated Hedged Commodity Indices. 
Table 6 shows (based on back tested data) the impact of daily variations in the Australian Dollar foreign 
exchange rates against the US Dollar upon the difference in performance of the relevant currency 
hedged version of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM itself 
(denominated in US Dollars) between January 2005 and October 2020. 
 
Table 6 
Case 1 — All commodities/Australian Dollar 
 
 
 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg 
 
 
The Multi-Tenor Indices 
 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index 
In relation to the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil - GBP Daily Hedged Individual Securities, the Original Index is 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SubindexSM GBP Hedged Daily and the Substituted Index is Bloomberg WTI Crude 
Oil Multi-Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index (BBG Index Ticker: BCLMTERP). 
Index Methodology  
The index aims to hold an equal weight basket of three WTI Crude Oil futures contracts on the curve. 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to the tenth (inclusive) General 
Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1. The notional amounts to be bought 
for the three futures (i.e., target weights 33.3% or equal weighting) are calculated on a monthly basis on close 
of the fourth General Trading Day of each calendar month.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Multi-Tenor and Original Indices 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Calendar 
month 
WTI Active/ Front 
month futures 
contract – the active 
contract switch 
happens on or 
around 20th of each 
month 
Original Index’s 
holdings (BUCLDP) 
– Roll 
from sixth to tenth 
(inclusive) General 
Trading Days every 
other month 
 
 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index’s holdings (BCLMTERP) – 
Roll from sixth to tenth (inclusive) General 
Trading Days every month 
Jan 
Feb > Mar 
Mar 
Mar > 
Apr 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Feb 
Mar > Apr 
Mar > May 
Apr > 
May 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Mar 
Apr > May 
May 
May > 
Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Apr 
May > Jun 
May > Jul 
Jun > 
Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
May 
Jun > Jul 
Jul 
Jul > 
Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Jun 
Jul > Aug 
Jul > Sep 
Aug > 
Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Jul 
Aug > Sep 
Sep 
Sep > 
Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Aug 
Sep > Oct 
Sep > Nov 
Oct > 
Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Sep 
Oct > Nov 
Nov 
Nov > 
Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Oct 
Nov > Dec 
Nov > Jan 
Dec > 
Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Nov 
Dec > Jan 
Jan 
Jan > 
Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Dec 
Jan > Feb 
Jan > Mar 
Feb > 
Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
The Active or Front month futures contracts refers to the contract with an expiration date that is nearest 
the current date. Since the front month will have the shortest time to expiration, it will also tend to be the 
most liquid futures contract and will tend to be the most referred to by investors, media as a proxy for the 
Spot Price. 
The full methodology can be found here: https://assets.bbhub.io/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg-Multi-
Tenor-Index-Methodology_9.17.20.pdf . 
Focus on WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil - GBP Daily Hedged Individual Securities 
Historical Performance 
The Multi-Tenor Index has outperformed the Original Index over the last 10 years. For the year 2020 to 
date (19 November  2020, the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this document) (YTD), the Multi-
Tenor Index benefitted from being positioned slightly further along on the futures price curve to outperform 
the Original Index. 
The Correlation of daily returns between the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index during this period 
has been very high at 98.5%1.  
 
1 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 4 January 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Figure 2: Historical and Year to Date Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index2 
 
 
 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index Original Index 
YTD Performance 
-40.90% 
-58.31% 
YTD Volatility 
71.83% 
86.04% 
Annualised Performance (Since Common Inception) 
-12.06% 
-16.85% 
Annualised Volatility (Since Common Inception) 
35.77% 
39.27% 
Considering calendar year performance of the two indices, the Substituted Index outperformed the Original 
Index in 8 out of the last 10 years (as shown in Figure 3 below).  
 
2 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 January 2010 to 3 September 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is 
not an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Figure 3: Calendar Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index3 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Multi-Tenor Index 
31.3% -20.1% 
2.5% 
13.7% 
-
40.5% -41.5% 
10.6
% 
-12.1% 
-0.2% 
1.1% 
Original Index 
31.6% -22.0% 
4.0% 
5.1% 
-
44.6% -41.9% 
6.7% -12.5% 
-4.6% 
0.1% 
 
 
 
 
3 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 4 January 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-Tenor EUR Daily-Hedged ER Index and the Bloomberg Brent 
Crude Oil Multi-Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index 
In relation to the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil - EUR Daily Hedged Individual Securities, the Original Index 
is Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Subindex SM Euro Hedged Daily and the Substituted Index is Bloomberg 
Brent Crude Oil Multi-Tenor EUR Daily-Hedged ER Index (BBG Index Ticker: BCOMTERE). In relation to 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil - GBP Daily Hedged Individual Securities the Original Index is Bloomberg 
Brent Crude Oil SubindexSM GBP Hedged Daily and the Substituted Index is Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil 
Multi-Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index (BBG Index Ticker: BCOMTERP). 
Index Methodology 
Each index aims to hold an equal weight basket of three Brent Crude Oil futures contracts on the curve. 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to the tenth (inclusive) 
General Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1. 
The notional amounts to be bought for the three futures (i.e., target weights 33.3% or equal weighting) are 
calculated on a monthly basis on close of the fourth General Trading Day of each calendar month. 
Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Multi-Tenor and Original Indices 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Calendar 
month 
Brent Active/ 
Front month 
futures contract – 
the active 
contract switch 
happens on or 
around 30th of 
each month 
Original Index’s 
holdings 
(BUCODE and 
BUCODP) – Roll 
from sixth to tenth 
(inclusive) 
General Trading 
Days every other 
month 
 
 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index’s holdings (BCOMTERE 
and BCOMTERP) – Roll from sixth to tenth 
(inclusive) General Trading Days every 
month 
Jan 
Mar > Apr 
Mar > May 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Feb 
Apr > May 
May 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Mar 
May > Jun 
May > Jul 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Apr 
Jun > Jul 
Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
May 
Jul > Aug 
Jul > Sep 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Jun 
Aug > Sep 
Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Jul 
Sep > Oct 
Sep > Nov 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Aug 
Oct > Nov 
Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Sep 
Nov > Dec 
Nov > Jan 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Oct 
Dec > Jan 
Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Nov 
Jan > Feb 
Jan > Mar 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
Dec 
Feb > Mar 
Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
The Active or Front month futures contracts refers to the contract with an expiration date that is nearest 
the current date. Since the front month will have the shortest time to expiration, it will also tend to be the 
most liquid futures contract and will tend to be the most referred to by investors, media as a proxy for the 
Spot Price. 
The full methodology can be found here: https://assets.bbhub.io/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg-Multi-

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Tenor-Index-Methodology_9.17.20.pdf. 
Focus on WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil - EUR Daily Hedged Individual Securities 
Historical Performance 
The Multi-Tenor Index has outperformed the Original Index over the last 10 years. For the year 2020 to 
date (19 November  2020, the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this document) (YTD), the Multi-
Tenor Index benefitted from being positioned slightly further along on the futures price curve to outperform 
the Original Index. 
The Correlation of daily returns between the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index during this period 
has been very high at 99.6%4. 
Figure 2: Historical and Year to Date Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index5 
 
 
 
4 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 4 January 2010 to 19 November  2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value. 
5 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 4 January 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index Original Index 
YTD Performance 
-38.17% 
-41.51% 
YTD Volatility 
55.27% 
63.02% 
Annualised Performance (Since Common Inception) 
-8.46% 
-8.79% 
Annualised Volatility (Since Common Inception) 
32.02% 
33.66% 
Considering calendar year performance of the two indices, the Substituted Index outperformed the Original 
Index in 4 out of the last 10 years (as shown in Figure 3 below).  
 
Figure 3: Calendar Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index6 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Multi-Tenor Index 
26.2% 
-
15.1% 11.3% 27.1% 
-
45.2
% 
-
46.7% 
7.0% 
6.7% 14.4% 
6.9% 
Original Index 
32.7% 
-
16.7% 13.2% 24.9% 
-
45.7
% 
-
47.7% 
7.1% 
6.7% 15.6% 
7.2% 
Focus on WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil - GBP Daily Hedged Individual Securities 
Historical Performance 
The Multi-Tenor Index has outperformed the Original Index over the last 10 years. For the year 2020 to 
date (19 November 2020, the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this document) (YTD), the Multi-
Tenor Index benefitted from being positioned slightly further along on the futures price curve to outperform 
the Original Index. 
The Correlation of daily returns between the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index during this period 
has been very high at 99.4%7.  
 
Figure 2: Historical and Year to Date Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index8 
 
 
6 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 4 January 2010 to 19 November  2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value. 
7 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 October 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value 
8 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 October 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index Original Index 
YTD Performance 
-38.90% 
-42.28% 
YTD Volatility 
55.43% 
63.19% 
Annualised Performance (Since Common Inception) 
-8.86% 
-9.25% 
Annualised Volatility (Since Common Inception) 
32.40% 
34.14% 
Considering calendar year performance of the two indices, the Substituted Index outperformed the 
Original Index in 4 out of the last 9 years (as shown in Figure 3 below).  
 
Figure 3: Calendar Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index9 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
Multi-Tenor Index 
26.2% 
-
15.0% 11.1% 25.4% 
-
45.2
% 
-
46.8% 
7.0% 
6.9% 15.1% 
Original Index 
32.7% 
-
16.6% 13.0% 23.2% 
-
45.7
% 
-
47.7% 
7.1% 
6.9% 16.3% 
 
9 Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 October 2010 to 19 November 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not 
an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Detailed Index Comparison 
 
Multi-Tenor Index 
Original Index 
 
Calculated by reference to three 
contracts equal weighted (outside of 
Roll Periods) 
Calculated by reference to one contract 
only (outside of Roll Periods) 
 
 
 
 
Index holdings 
Always calculated by reference to the 
same three futures contracts on the 
curve 
thanks 
to 
the 
monthly 
rebalancing. 
Calculated by reference to a contract 
which 
is 
sometimes 
the 
first, 
sometimes the second and sometimes 
the third futures contract on the curve 
depending on the time of the year 
 
 
On some days in 2020, the futures 
contract by reference to which the index 
is calculated could be as close as ten 
days (in the case of WTI Crude Oil) or  
fifteen days (in the cases of Brent 
Crude Oil and Natural Gas) from expiry. 
 
Rolls every month 
Rolls every two months 
 
Every roll is for a third of the contracts 
by reference to which it is calculated 
Every roll is for all the contracts by 
reference to which it is calculated 
 
 
 
 
 
Index rolling 
For Natural Gas:  
Rolls over ten business days (first to 
tenth 
(inclusive) 
General 
Trading 
Days), i.e., 3.3% of the contracts by 
reference to which it is calculated are 
“rolled” on each roll day. 
For WTI and Brent Crude Oil:  
Rolls over five business days (first to 
tenth 
(inclusive) 
General 
Trading 
Days), i.e., 6.7% of the contracts by 
reference to which it is calculated are 
“rolled” on each roll day. 
 
Rolls over five business days (sixth to 
tenth 
(inclusive) 
General 
Trading 
Days). 
20% of the contracts by reference to 
which it is calculated are “rolled” on 
each roll day. 
 
The impact on liquidity of the “classic 
BCOM roll” is avoided as it rolls the 
contracts a month in advance. 
 
 
 
Handling of 
negative 
prices 
Calculated by reference to three futures 
contracts, further away on the curve so 
likelihood of negative index is reduced. 
Calculated by reference to a single 
contract up to the moment where it is 
the front contract and can be as close 
as ten days (in the case of WTI Crude 
Oil) or  fifteen days (in the cases of 
Brent Crude Oil and Natural Gas) or so 
from expiry 
The end-of-day index value is floored at 
zero and would terminate at zero same 
day. 
Can go negative intra-day and can 
close negative for one day. Thereafter it 
would terminate the next trading day at 
the negative value. 
 
Historical data enabling users to calculate historic performance and volatility is published on the website 
of Bloomberg (http://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices). 
Following the date of this Prospectus information in relation to the performance of the Currency-Hedged

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Commodity Securities will be available on the Bloomberg website. 
 
Disclaimer by UBS Securities and Bloomberg 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by 
Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities 
or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the 
owners of or counterparts to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or any member of the public 
regarding the advisability of investing in securities or commodities generally or in the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities particularly. The only relationship of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their 
subsidiaries or affiliates to the Issuer and ManJer is the licensing of certain trademarks, trade names 
and service marks and of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, which is determined, composed and 
calculated by Bloomberg in conjuction with UBS Securities without regard to the Issuer or the Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities. Bloomberg and UBS Securities have no obligation to take the needs of 
the Issuer or the owners of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. None of Bloomberg, UBS 
Securities, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates is responsible for, or has participated in the 
determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to 
be issued or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities are to be converted into cash. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their 
subsidiaries or affiliates shall have any obligation or liability, including, without limitation, to Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities customers, in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UBS Securities and 
Bloomberg and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates may independently issue and/or sponsor 
financial products unrelated to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities currently being issued by 
the Issuer, but which may be similar to and competitive with the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. In addition, UBS Securities and Bloomberg and their subsidiaries and affiliates actively trade 
commodities, commodity indexes and commodity futures (including the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
and Bloomberg Commodity Index Total ReturnSM), as well as swaps, options and derivatives which are 
linked to the performance of such commodities, commodity indexes and commodity futures. It is possible 
that this trading activity will affect the value of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities.This Prospectus relates only to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and 
does not relate to the exchange-traded physical commodities underlying any of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM components. Purchasers of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should not 
conclude that the inclusion of a futures contract in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is any form of 
investment recommendation of the futures contract or the underlying exchange-traded physical 
commodity by Bloomberg, UBS Securities, or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. The information in 
this Prospectus regarding the Commodity Indices components has been derived solely from publicly 
available documents. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates has 
made any due diligence inquiries with respect to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components in 
connection with the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities, or 
any of their subsidiaries or affiliates makes any representation that these publicly available documents 
or any other publicly available information regarding the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components, 
including without limitation a description of factors that affect the prices of such components, are 
accurate or complete. 
NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES 
GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE BLOOMBERG 
COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO AND NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS 
SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR 
ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS 
SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKES ANY WARRANTY, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE 
CURRENCY-HEDGED COMMODITY SECURITIES OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM 
THE USE OF THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. NONE 
OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKES 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO 
THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. WITHOUT LIMITING 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF 
THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR 
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
PART 4 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY-HEDGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The 
legally binding Conditions of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are set out in Part 7 (Trust 
Instrument and Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust 
Instrument, by which Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are constituted, are available for 
inspection as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information) under the heading “Documents 
Available for Inspection”. 
 
Pricing of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
A Currency-Hedged Commodity Security entitles an Authorised Participant (subject to certain 
conditions) to require the redemption of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Security at the Price of that 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security calculated on the relevant Pricing Day (day T) and to receive 
such amount, converted from the Relevant Currency (being Australian Dollars, Euro or Pounds Sterling) 
into US Dollars at the Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate for that Currency and the applicable Pricing 
Date, on the Redemption Payment Date (normally day T+2). 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will generally be priced on each calendar day and such price 
will reflect the daily movement in the relevant Commodity Index published on any Pricing Day and a 
daily Capital Adjustment, provided that an Indicative Price will generally be calculated in accordance 
with the Conditions on any day which is a Market Disruption Day in respect of a class of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Security (which will not be a Pricing Day for such class) and an Indicative Price will 
continue to be calculated on each calendar day thereafter until (but not including) the next Pricing Day 
for such class. Therefore no Price will be published on that day and the change (if any) in the relevant 
Commodity Index on that day will be reflected cumulatively in the Price of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security on the next following Pricing Day. In the event that a Settlement Redemption Form 
in respect of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is received by the Issuer on a day on 
which an Indicative Price is calculated for that class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security then the 
Price for such application will be determined in accordance with Condition 7.11. Applications and 
Redemption Forms received (or deemed to be received) on a day which is a FX Market Disruption Day 
or on which a FX Restriction Event is continuing will not be valid. 
Not all classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security have the same Pricing Days (because the 
Exchanges used in calculating the Commodity Indices are different). Consequently there will be days 
on which Prices are calculated and published for some classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security but not others. 
Prices for all types of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security are calculated as at the end of each Pricing 
Day for each type of Commodity Security, any Indicative Prices are calculated as at the end of each day 
when required under the Conditions and such Prices and any Indicative Prices will be posted on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing 
In certain circumstances the Calculation Agent may declare a day to be a Market Disruption Day for one 
or more Commodity Indices under the Facility Agreements and, if so, the mechanism described in the 
heading “Market Disruption Days” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and under the 
headings “Applications and Redemptions — Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions — 
Redemption Processes” below will operate. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be priced in the Relevant Currency and settled in US 
Dollars. The Commodity Indices will be those calculated and published by Bloomberg for that Pricing 
Day. The Commodity Indices are currently published to seven significant figures. The Price will be 
calculated in the case of all Commodity Securities to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded 
upwards.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
The Price for each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security, for each Pricing Day for that class, 
will be calculated daily to reflect the daily movement in the level of the relevant Commodity Index on 
each Pricing Day and a daily adjustment as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t–1 x ( 
where: 
Ii,t 
Ii,t–1 
+ CAi,t) 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1  is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Ii,t   is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index to which  Commodity Securities 
of class i relate for day t, provided that if day t is not a Pricing Day for Commodity Securities 
of class i, then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; 
Ii,t-1  is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate for day t-1; and 
CAi,t  is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class i and for day t, 
expressed as a decimal. 
No Price will be calculated for a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security for a Market Disruption 
Day or in certain other circumstances as specified in the Conditions and on any day when, in accordance 
with the Conditions, a Price is not calculated, the Conditions provide for an Indicative Price to be 
calculated instead, and once a Price can again be calculated it will be based on the preceding day’s 
Indicative Price. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon Redemption of a Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
class and the Price of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day, in each 
case converted into US Dollars at the relevant Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate. As each class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, it is 
in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for each relevant class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to 
avoid the Price of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount by 
the following measures: the Issuer may (i) where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by 
Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day the Price of any class of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such 
amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS 
announcement elect to redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class. The right 
pursuant to (ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal 
Amount such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount, subject to any further fall in the 
Price of any class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
 
Capital Adjustment 
The Capital Adjustment for each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is a daily rate 
expressed as a percentage, which will be as agreed from time to time by each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and the Issuer (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment 
element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
The Capital Adjustment may or may not be less than the rate of interest which an investor could earn 
by depositing funds in money markets at overnight rates, or by fully collateralising an investment in 
futures contracts. 
 
Authorised Participants 
Only Authorised Participants may request the Issuer to create or redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities, save where, as noted elsewhere in this document, on the date on which a Redemption Form 
is lodged there are no Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security 
Holders will be permitted and the Security Holder submits a notice of redemption in the form prescribed 
for such circumstances by the Issuer. A person can only be an Authorised Participant if it is: 
(a) a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); 
and (b) an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person. An Authorised Participant 
must also have entered into: (a) an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing with, 
amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the Authorised Participant in relation to applying for 
and redeeming Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and (b) a Direct Agreement with a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, under which, amongst other things, the Authorised Participant and the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty provide undertakings to each other regarding the settlement of 
moneys payable for applications and redemptions. 
Authorised Participant Agreements have been entered into with ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V., 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Jane Street Financial Limited, Merrill Lynch International, 
Susquehanna International Securities Limited, Susquehanna Ireland Limited, Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited and UBS AG, London Branch, the terms of which are summarised in paragraph 3 of Part 13 
(Additional Information). 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if it deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant 
for credit, compliance, general business policy or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of 
such right there could at any time be no Authorised Participants. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times for the duration of the 
Programme there are at least two Authorised Participants. In the event that at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants, Security Holders will be permitted to redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities respectively held by them directly from the Issuer. 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
All applications for and redemptions of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, and the matching 
creation and termination of Commodity Contracts, may be effected using the pricing formulae described 
above (“Settlement Pricing”) which is based on Commodity Indices calculated using end of day 
settlement pricing for the various Designated Contracts and foreign exchange rates using the 4.00 p.m. 
London fix rate. 
However, to enable Authorised Participants and Commodity Contract Counterparties to have the 
flexibility to agree, between themselves, intra-day or other pricing for Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities (“Agreed Pricing”) and hence for matching Commodity Contracts, issues and redemptions 
may be effected at any price and in any amount agreed between an Authorised Participant and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and notified to the Issuer. The rights of all other security holders to 
receive Settlement Pricing for a redemption of their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will not be 
impacted by any Agreed Pricing. 
The application and redemption procedures to be followed by Authorised Participants, the Issuer and 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties are set out in the Authorised Participant Agreements and the 
Facility Agreement and are summarised below. These procedures may be amended at any time by 
agreement between the relevant parties. 
 
Application Processes 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may be issued on the Application of an Authorised Participant 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. There is no minimum number of

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities that must be applied for (but there is a Minimum Creation 
Amount for the creation of Commodity Contracts on any Pricing Day, and if that Minimum Creation 
Amount is not achieved through applications for corresponding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
by all Authorised Participants, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may elect that no creations of 
Commodity Contracts of that class will occur, in which case no Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
of that class will be issued). The Issuer will decline Applications if it cannot for any reason create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
The Minimum Creation Amount is as follows: 
(a) 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Australian Dollar Commodity 
Securities, A$50,000 per class of Australian Dollar Commodity Security; 
(b) 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Euro Commodity Securities, 
€50,000 per class of Euro Commodity Security; or 
(c) 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Sterling Commodity Securities, 
£50,000 per class of Sterling Commodity Security. 
An Authorised Participant may subscribe for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities using Settlement 
Pricing or, if agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty, using Agreed Pricing. In either case, 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will only be issued if corresponding Commodity Contracts can 
be created by the Issuer for the same amount. 
Application moneys for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities must be paid by Applicants in US 
Dollars. The amount due in US Dollars will be calculated by applying the Settlement Foreign Exchange 
Rate to the Relevant Currency. Payments must be made directly to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty by the Authorised Participant making the Application, via the CREST system on a delivery 
versus payment basis. Legal title to Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be transferred by 
means of the CREST system and evidenced by an entry on the Register. 
Settlement of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on issue will only be made against payment in 
CREST and only after: 
(a) 
(subject as set out under “The System” below) receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form; 
(b) 
the creation of matching Commodity Contracts; and 
(c) 
Listing in respect of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities having become effective. 
If an Applicant does not make payment for the full amount of the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to be issued on the due date for payment or the following Business Day, the Issuer may elect 
by notice to the Applicant to cancel the Application. Alternatively the Issuer may elect to enforce against 
the relevant Applicant the obligation of that Applicant to pay for the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities applied for. 
The procedures required to be followed when making an Application depend on whether Agreed Pricing 
or Settlement Pricing is being used. 
 
Agreed Pricing 
There are no restrictions on the number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities that can be applied 
for, the time for lodging the Application or the settlement date, other than the requirement for the Issuer 
to receive the requisite signed documents from both the Authorised Participant and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty not later than two London Business Days prior to the proposed 
settlement date. 
 
Settlement Pricing 
The following procedures apply when Settlement Pricing is used in an Application: 
• 
an Application for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing may only be 
made on an Issuer Business Day (a day which is both a London Business Day and a General 
Trading Day);

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
• 
a Price in the Relevant Currency will be determined for each class relevant to a valid Application 
on the day of Application if it is a Pricing Day for that class; if it is not then (unless withdrawn 
where permitted under the Authorised Participant Agreements) the Authorised Participant 
Agreements (and the Facility Agreements in respect of the corresponding Commodity Contracts) 
contain provisions designed to determine a Price based on the value of equivalent underlying 
futures contract positions for days following the day of the Application until values can be 
determined for all equivalent underlying futures contract positions; 
• 
settlement by the Applicant will normally be due on the second London Business Day (that is, on 
a T+2 basis) after the Pricing Day on which the Price is determined; 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer after 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the 
applicable Notice Deadline) but before 6.30 p.m. on an Issuer Business Day will be valid, but will 
be treated as having been received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following Issuer Business Day (unless 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty agrees otherwise, in which case it will be treated 
as having been received prior to 2.30 p.m. on that Issuer Business Day); 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer prior to 8.00 a.m. or after 6.30 p.m. on an Issuer Business 
Day, or on a day which is not an Issuer Business Day, will only be valid if the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty confirms to the Issuer that corresponding Commodity Contracts will be 
created notwithstanding the time of submission of the Application; 
• 
upon receipt and confirmation of a valid Application, the Issuer will send a Creation Notice to the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty creating such number of Commodity Contracts as 
correspond to the Application, and will confirm its receipt of such Creation Notice; and 
• 
following publication of the relevant Commodity Indices, the Issuer will calculate the Price in the 
Relevant Currency of all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be issued to each Applicant 
and will confirm such Price with each Applicant and the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty by 12 noon on the following Business Day. 
Under each Facility Agreement, the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty is bound by the creation 
of Commodity Contracts by the Issuer on any Pricing Day for components of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities corresponding to those Commodity Contracts, provided that the applicable 
Creation Notice is lodged with the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 
30 minutes prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on an Issuer Business Day, save that a Creation 
Notice will not be valid if the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer and each Authorised Participant 
specifying the day on which it is received or deemed received to be a FX Market Disruption Day in 
respect of the relevant Commodity Index no later than 4.30 p.m. on that day. 
 
Allocation of Commodity Contracts 
Under the Trust Instrument there are no restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which 
Commodity Contracts should be created when Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are issued, nor 
are there any restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts 
should be terminated. Subject as may otherwise be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and 
Commodity Contract Counterparties, under the Facility Agreements and for so long as they remain in 
force and no notices (such as those referred to under the heading “Compulsory Redemptions” below) 
have been given thereunder, there are no restrictions (other than Creation Limits and any limits imposed 
by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised Participant) on the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be created when Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities are issued, nor are there any restrictions (other than Redemption Limits 
and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised 
Participant) on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be 
terminated. Except in the case of Agreed Pricing, the Issuer may determine in each case the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
The Issuer has implemented procedures which (subject to applicable Creation Limits and Redemption 
Limits, availability of Commodity Contracts and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised Participant) are intended to have the following 
effects: 
• 
in a case where an application is made for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities by an 
Authorised Participant which is, or an affiliate of which is, a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
the equivalent Commodity Contracts should be entered into with that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty (and referred to as its “Firm Contracts”); and 
• 
other applications will result in the creation of “Pool Contracts” and will generally be allocated by 
the Issuer to one or other Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with policies and 
procedures agreed from time to time between them. 
The Issuer reserves the right to allocate creations or terminations of Commodity Contracts amongst 
Commodity Contract Counterparties in a manner other than as described above on a case by case or 
on a more general basis. If further additional Commodity Contract Counterparties are appointed then 
they may be appointed on a basis that they are allocated creations (and terminations) relating either to 
Firm Contracts only, or both Pool Contracts and Firm Contracts. 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as described under the heading “Consolidation 
and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” below and in accordance with Condition 18.3, 
the Conditions provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case where notice 
of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in which case 
certain other timings may apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as having been 
given in respect of the Pool to which following any division the attributable Commodity Contracts had 
been allocated. This may have the effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a valid Redemption 
Form prior to a division becoming effective will be treated following the division as owning only Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities attributable to a single Pool rather than both Pools as described under 
the heading “Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” below, and this 
could be the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Lower Credit (as defined under the heading 
“Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” below) are transferred. 
 
Redemption Processes 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of all or any of its 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing or, if agreed with a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, using Agreed Pricing. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the redemption of any of its 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing and only if, on an Issuer Business 
Day, there are no Authorised Participants and the Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on 
such day or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders will be permitted and the 
Security Holder submits a notice of redemption in the form prescribed for such circumstances by the 
Issuer. Payment on redemption to persons who are not Authorised Participants may be subject to their 
giving to the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty certain beneficial owner 
certifications to assess whether such payments should be subject to withholding or deduction for taxes. 
Payment of the Redemption Amount will be made by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, in 
respect of the termination of the corresponding Commodity Contract from the Issuer, directly to the 
relevant Authorised Participant redeeming the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in US Dollars 
via the CREST system on a delivery versus payment basis. 
The procedures required to be followed when lodging a Redemption Form are the same as for making 
an Application, other than for the following procedures used for Settlement Pricing: 
• 
if a valid Redemption Form requesting Settlement Pricing is lodged with the Issuer after 8.00 a.m. 
and before 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on an Issuer 
Business Day and that day is a Pricing Day for the class of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities which are the subject of the Redemption Form, the applicable Redemption Payment 
Date (on which the redemption will be settled) will be two London Business Days following that 
Pricing Day, or if such day and the immediately preceding day are each not a New York Business 
Day, the next day which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
• 
when Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are to be redeemed, the Issuer will terminate an 
Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts, subject to the Issuer’s discretion to elect to satisfy 
Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to one or more Applicants from Security Holders seeking redemption. 
Further details of the procedure relating to Redemptions are set out in the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust 
Instrument and Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) below. 
If a Counterparty Event of Default is subsisting, then Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will not have a right to redeem, however the Trustee may, at its discretion and shall if so 
directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the 
last signature (or if no Price was determined on that date, the most recently determined Price)) of all 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities then outstanding or pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a duly called meeting of the Security Holders (as a single class), the Trustee having first been 
indemnified to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in 
relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security 
constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Currency 
The Price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of each class will be set in a specific currency. 
However, Redemption Amounts will be payable in US Dollars by way of a conversion from that specific 
currency into US Dollars at the relevant foreign exchange rate on the applicable Pricing Date (and not 
at the date of payment). 
 
The System 
The Issuer has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website and has agreed provisions with 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Authorised Participants to enable use of such system 
in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised 
Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and Redemptions. 
It is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will be requested using the System. 
In the event of a failure in the System, Applications may be made and Redemptions may be requested 
using the forms and notices described under the headings “Applications and Redemptions — Application 
Processes”, “Applications and Redemptions — Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions 
– Redemption Processes” above and under the heading “Commodity Contracts” in Part 5 (Description of 
Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
 
Creation Limits and Redemption Limit 
There are two separate Creation Limits, one a total limit and the other a daily limit. Unless otherwise 
agreed by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the total limit for MLI is that Commodity Contracts cannot 
be created under the MLI Facility Agreement to the extent that the Aggregate Outstanding Contracts 
Price would exceed US$1.5 billion (US$1,500,000,000), and the total limit for CGML is that Commodity 
Contracts cannot be created under the CGML Facility Agreement to the extent that the Aggregate 
Outstanding Contracts Price would exceed US$1.5 billion (US$1,500,000,000). 
The daily limit is class-specific. Unless otherwise agreed by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
Commodity Contracts of a particular class may not be created under the Facility Agreement with it on a 
day to the extent that the aggregate Exposure to any Relevant Commodity relating to such class of all 
Commodity Contracts of any class which are created under that Facility Agreement on that day less the 
aggregate Exposure to such Relevant Commodity of all Commodity Contracts which are cancelled under 
that Facility Agreement on that day would exceed an amount equal to the higher of US$7.5 million and 
the product of US$250 million and the CIP, if any, of the Relevant Commodity on that day. 
The Redemption Limit is also a daily limit, and also class-specific. It is the same amount per class as 
the daily Creation Limit (unless the Commodity Contract Counterparty otherwise agrees). 
For the purposes of the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits, Application Forms and Redemption 
Forms are dealt with in strict time priority by reference to the date and time of their receipt.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
The Creation Limits and Redemption Limits in a Facility Agreement may be amended by written 
agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. If they are amended, the 
Issuer will make an announcement by RIS. 
 
Compulsory Redemptions 
There are circumstances in which Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities can be compulsorily 
redeemed by the Issuer, either in whole or in part, as set out fully in the Conditions. 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that 
a Facility Agreement is terminated) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities of a particular class. The Trustee may, at any time, where an Issuer 
Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon 20 Business 
Days’ notice to the Issuer, require the Issuer to redeem all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, 
whereupon the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Bloomberg may cease to publish a Commodity Index. If so, the Issuer has and may exercise the right 
to redeem all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the class relating to that Commodity Index. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
class and the Price of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day, in each 
case converted into US Dollars at the relevant Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate. As each class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3.2, it is 
in the interests of the Security Holders of each type to ensure that the Price for each relevant class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to 
avoid the Price of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount by 
the following measures: the Issuer may (i) where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by 
Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day the Price of any class of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such 
amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS 
announcement elect to redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class. The right 
pursuant to (ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal 
Amount such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount, subject to any further fall in the 
Price of any class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
If the Price of a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security falls below its Principal Amount, the 
Issuer may suspend Redemptions of that class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security and may 
terminate any such suspension (giving notice in each case via RIS announcement) for a period of     30 
days, and thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a meeting for a date 
not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary 
Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, the 
suspension to expire when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any suspension will not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date (as defined in the condition) for which 
had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged on an 
Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class is 
suspended will be invalid. 
If MLI as Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer 
pursuant to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in connection 
therewith) that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United Kingdom of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation Agent of a 
substitute index value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, 
the Issuer may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class 
pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) (and such Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to suspend the right to 
Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a)). Any suspension will not 
affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced,

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the 
right to Redeem Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended will be 
invalid. The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) nominate an Issuer 
Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Commodity Securities of a particular class if 
the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a), has been so 
suspended for at least 30 calendar days. 
Under each Facility Agreement, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some 
or all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if as a consequence of a Hedging Disruption 
Event it is unable to maintain the hedging positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging 
of its obligations in connection with the Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more 
classes. In such a case, the Issuer has and will exercise the right to redeem the Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities of that class corresponding to such Commodity Contracts. Where less than all of 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of a particular class are to be redeemed, the redemptions 
will apply to all Security Holders holding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that class, pro rata 
to their holdings. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 Trading Days’ written notice, 
redeem any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investors, held by Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to 
their status in accordance with the conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the 
Conditions. 
MLI has only agreed to supply Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 23 February 2012 
and CGML has only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 24 October 
2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement on three 
months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide Commodity 
Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses to terminate 
its Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless they are 
replaced by Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer will elect 
to redeem some or all of the outstanding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Where a compulsory redemption occurs, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be redeemed 
will be priced in the normal way as set out under the headings “Pricing of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities” and “Applications and Redemptions” above and will include an adjustment for interest as 
more fully described in the Conditions, but depending on the number of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to be redeemed this pricing may occur over a period of more than one day. Details of the 
circumstances in which this could occur are set out in the Conditions. 
If at that time Security Holders other than Authorised Participants hold the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities being redeemed, the Redemption Amount payable to those Security Holders will be paid by 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties either to accounts of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the 
Security Holders of the relevant classes or to the Trustee for the benefit of such Security Holders, and 
will be paid to those Security Holders by the Issuer or the Trustee. 
 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on the issue and redemption of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities and not by investors who buy and sell Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities on the secondary market, including the London Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants an Application Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) 
(or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) 
for each Application, regardless of the number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities being issued 
or the currency of denomination of such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer will also charge Authorised Participants a Redemption Fee of £500 (including any applicable 
VAT) (or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular 
occasion) for each Redemption Form, regardless of the number of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities being redeemed or the currency of denomination of such Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. In the event of a compulsory redemption or a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant submitting a Redemption Form in circumstances where there is no Authorised Participant,

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
as described above, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost 
in satisfying such Redemption Form, including costs of enquiries under Condition 13 (Enquiries as to 
status of Security Holders) and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and that 
amount will be charged by the Issuer by way of a deduction from the redemption proceeds due to such 
Security Holder. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of 
VAT payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written 
notice to Authorised Participants and through a RIS. 
 
Right to Satisfy Applications and Redemptions by Transfer 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect to satisfy Application Forms 
and Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to one or more Applicants from the Security Holder(s) seeking redemption. For this purpose, 
a Security Holder seeking redemption will be deemed to have authorised the Issuer to transfer such 
Security Holder’s Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities as are the subject of the Redemption Form 
to a third party, on such Security Holder’s behalf, provided that the amount payable by the Authorised 
Participant shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Price in the Relevant Currency on the applicable 
Pricing Day (plus the Application Fee) and the amount receivable by the Security Holder shall still be the 
relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (less the Redemption Fee), and the relevant Redemption 
Payment Date will be the date of the transfer. 
 
Security 
All rights of the Issuer in relation to the Facility Agreements, the Commodity Contracts, the Guarantees, 
the Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, to the extent applicable to each Pool will be the 
subject of a first-ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee under the applicable Security Deed to 
secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities of the relevant class. 
 
The Index Substitution 
Following the passing of an extraordinary resolution of the Security Holders in respect of each class of 
Multi-Tenor Securities on 22 October, 2020, and the giving by the Issuer of notice by an RNS 
announcement on 16 November 2020, the Issuer effected the substitution (the “Index Substitution”) 
of the Individual Commodity Index previously applicable to that class by the Multi-Tenor Index specified 
in the table below. 
Class 
of 
Multi-Tenor  
Securities 
Multi-Tenor Index 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – 
EUR Daily Hedged Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-
Tenor EUR Daily Hedged ER Index 
(BBG Index ticker: BCOMTERE) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – 
GBP Daily Hedged Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil Multi-
Tenor GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index 
(BBG Index ticker: BCOMTERP) 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – 
GBP Daily Hedged Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor 
GBP Daily-Hedged ER Index (BBG 
Index ticker: BCLMTERP)  
The Multi-Tenor Indices are described under the heading “The Multi-Tenor Indices” in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family). 
Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might wish to effect a consolidation or division of a particular 
class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
For example, if a class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security was secured on corresponding 
Commodity Contracts from two or more different Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them 
(the “Lower Credit”) had, for example, a significant credit rating downgrade, it may be necessary or 
desirable, in order to ensure that the value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities reflects the 
value of the relevant commodity futures contracts, for the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit 
to be excluded from that class. This could be effected by the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit 
being transferred into a new Pool and the Issuer creating and issuing new Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities secured by that new Pool on a one-for-one basis with the Price for both classes being adjusted 
accordingly. Investors of the affected class would then hold two Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
for each one they held previously and the Price would be split between the two. For example, if the 
Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit comprised 30 per cent. of the aggregate number of 
Commodity Contracts in the Pool, then the Price following the division would be 70 per cent. of the Price 
prior to the division for the old class and 30 per cent. for the new class. 
The Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to effect either a consolidation or division 
and to allocate Commodity Contracts into a new Pool representing a new class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities, and need not obtain Listing for any such new classes of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. The Issuer will only take such action if it believes it is in the interest of the affected 
Security Holders to do so.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
PART 5 
 
DESCRIPTION OF FACILITY AGREEMENTS AND COMMODITY CONTRACTS 
All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be backed by corresponding Commodity Contracts with 
corresponding terms and the same currency of denomination. Each class of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities has a corresponding class of Commodity Contract. Each time Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed the Issuer will create or terminate corresponding 
Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the number and classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities in question. Commodity Contracts will be created and terminated by the Issuer under a Facility 
Agreement with a Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has Facility Agreements in force with MLI and CGML. 
As the Issuer is a special purpose company, whose only assets attributable to Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities will be rights under the Facility Agreements, Commodity Contracts, Security 
Agreements and the Guarantees, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations upon redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be wholly dependent on its ability to receive payment on 
termination of Commodity Contracts from the Commodity Contract Counterparties or from BAC (in the 
case of MLI) or CGMH (in the case of CGML) under the applicable Guarantee or the realisation of 
Collateral under the applicable Security Agreement and Control Agreement. The Facility Agreements, 
the Commodity Contracts provided thereunder, the Security Agreements and the Guarantees have 
characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable 
on the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The Facility Agreements and the Commodity Contracts 
provided thereunder are governed by English law, while the Guarantees and the Security Agreements 
are governed by New York law. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements 
impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and 
Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
 
Facility Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the Facility Agreements with MLI and with CGML under which the Issuer 
can create and terminate on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limit 
and certain other conditions, any combination of classes of Commodity Contracts. The Facility 
Agreement with MLI runs until at least 23 February 2022 and the Facility Agreement with CGML runs 
until at least 24 October 2027, subject in each case to earlier termination in accordance therewith, and 
as more fully described below. The Issuer hopes to procure an increase in the total number of 
Commodity Contracts available from the Commodity Contract Counterparties in the event that demand 
for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities necessitates such additional capacity. 
The Facility Agreements may each be terminated by the Commodity Contract Counterparty on three 
months’ notice or by not less than two Business Days’ notice following the occurrence of an event of 
default in respect of the Issuer, provided that the event of default was not caused by a breach by the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty of its obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement. Other 
termination rights in favour of the Commodity Contract Counterparties include on the occurrence of a 
material adverse change (which itself includes a change in tax law). 
Each of the Facility Agreements may be terminated by the Issuer by not less than two Business Days’ 
notice following the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, provided that the same was not caused by a breach by the Issuer of its 
obligations under the Facility Agreement or by any Authorised Participant under the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement, on not less than 30 days’ notice if the Commodity Contract Counterparty gives 
a notice that a withholding or deduction is or may be required from payments to be made by it or any 
Guarantor under United States law, by not less than two days’ notice in respect of the applicable classes 
of Commodity Contracts if all Commodity Securities of any class are to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8.7 of the Conditions or upon two Business Days’ notice in respect of any one or more classes 
of Commodity Contracts if all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of such classes are to be 
redeemed. The Issuer may also terminate a Facility Agreement at any time upon giving not less than 
three months’ notice.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Each of the Commodity Contract Counterparties may elect to amend its Facility Agreement if the Issuer 
enters into a Facility Agreement with another Commodity Contract Counterparty to substantially conform 
its Facility Agreement to that new Facility Agreement and for this purpose the consent of the Trustee will 
not be required. 
Under the Facility Agreements the Issuer may appoint Commodity Contract Counterparties in its sole 
discretion, save that if any then existing Commodity Contract Counterparty considers in its reasonable 
belief and acting in good faith that such proposed new Commodity Contract Counterparty should not be 
appointed for credit, operational, reputational or any other reasonable reasons (other than on grounds 
of competition) and so notifies the Issuer giving reasons within ten Business Days, such appointments 
may not become effective. 
The CGML Facility Agreement is substantially on the same terms as the MLI Facility Agreement, save 
that: 
• 
MLI will act as Calculation Agent as referred to under the headings “Calculation Agency 
Agreement” and “Calculation Agent” below for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement, as 
well as under the MLI Facility Agreement; 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
a new Calculation Agent, which is or will be a Commodity Contract Counterparty selected by the 
Issuer, shall be appointed to act as Calculation Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility 
Agreement; and 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement 
following an Insolvency Event in relation to MLI or certain breaches thereof, MLI shall cease to 
act as Calculation Agent under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agent appointed 
for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement shall be appointed to act as Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of the MLI Facility Agreement. 
The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other Facility Agreements with other Commodity 
Contract Counterparties. MLI will (save as described above and under the heading “Calculation Agency 
Agreement” below) act as Calculation Agent under any other such Facility Agreement. Other Facility 
Agreements may not be on the same terms as the MLI Facility Agreement or the CGML Facility 
Agreement. It is not the Issuer’s intention to enter into Facility Agreements for the purpose of spreading 
counterparty risk. In the event that the Issuer enters into a Facility Agreement with a new Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, the Issuer will include in a supplementary prospectus such information relating 
to that new Commodity Contract Counterparty of which it is aware or is able to ascertain from information 
published by such new Commodity Contract Counterparty, as is required by Annex 19 of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation of 14 March 2019 (2019/980/EU). 
 
BAC Guarantee 
MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations thereunder 
and any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the MLI Facility Agreement have the benefit of credit 
support provided by BAC. In fulfilment of that requirement, BAC has entered into the BAC Guarantee. 
The principal provisions of the BAC Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
BAC unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the prompt payment of any and all obligations and 
liabilities of MLI under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and 
the MLI Control Agreement including, in case of default, interest on any amount due, when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, whether on the scheduled payment dates, at 
maturity, upon declaration of termination or otherwise, after giving effect to any applicable notice 
requirement or grace period and, at all times, in accordance with the terms of that Agreement. 
• 
In the event that MLI fails to make any payment under such Agreements when due after giving 
effect to any applicable notice requirement and grace period, BAC agrees to make such payment, 
or cause any such payment to be made, promptly upon receipt of written demand from the Issuer 
to BAC; provided that delay by the Issuer in giving such demand shall in no event affect BAC’s 
obligations under the BAC Guarantee. 
• 
BAC agrees that its obligations under the BAC Guarantee will be unconditional, irrespective of 
(i) the validity, regularity or enforceability (except as may result from any applicable statute of

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
limitations) of the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control Agreement, 
(ii) the absence of any action to enforce the same, (iii) any waiver or consent by the Issuer 
concerning any provisions thereof, (iv) the rendering of any judgment against MLI or any action 
to enforce the same or (v) any other circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or 
equitable discharge of a guarantor or a defense of a guarantor, other than defense of payment. 
• 
BAC agrees that the BAC Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete payment of the 
amounts payable under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control 
Agreement. 
• 
BAC shall not be required to pay, or otherwise be liable to, the Issuer for any consequential, 
indirect or punitive damages (including, but not limited to, opportunity costs or lost profits). 
• 
The BAC Guarantee is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the 
State of New York as applicable to contracts or instruments made and to be performed therein. 
• 
The BAC Guarantee may be terminated by BAC at any time by written notice to the Issuer by 
BAC, effective immediately following receipt of such written notice by the Issuer or at such later 
date as may be specified in such written notice, but will continue in full force and effect with respect 
to any obligation of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI 
Control Agreement entered into prior to the effectiveness of such written notice of termination. 
 
Citigroup Guarantee 
CGML is required under the terms of the CGML Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations 
thereunder and any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the CGML Facility Agreement have the 
benefit of credit support provided by CGMH. In fulfilment of that requirement, CGMH has entered into 
the Citigroup Guarantee. The principal provisions of the Citigroup Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
CGMH absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the due and punctual 
payment of all amounts payable (“Obligations”) by CGML under the CGML Facility Agreement, 
the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement (together the “Relevant 
Agreements”), whether secured or unsecured, joint or several all without regard to any 
counterclaim, set-off, deduction or defence of any kind which CGMH may have or assert, and 
without abatement, suspension, deferment or diminution on account of any event or condition 
whatsoever; provided, however, that CGMH will be entitled to exercise or assert, as the case may 
be, any right, claim or defence that is available to CGML. 
• 
The Issuer may at any time and from time to time, either before or after the maturity thereof, 
without notice to or further consent of CGMH, change the time, manner or place of payment or 
any other term of, any Obligation, exchange, release, fail to perfect or surrender any collateral for, 
or renew or change any term of any of the Obligations owing to it, and may also enter into a written 
agreement with CGML or with any other party to any of the Relevant Agreements or person liable 
on any Obligation, or interested therein, for the extension, renewal, payment, compromise, 
modification, waiver, discharge or release thereof, in whole or in part, without impairing or affecting 
the Citigroup Guarantee. 
• 
Except as referred to above, the obligations of CGMH under the Citigroup Guarantee are 
unconditional, irrespective of (i) the lack of value, genuineness, validity, or enforceability of the 
Obligations, (ii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction or any other similar event affecting 
the term of any Obligation or of the Issuer’s rights with respect thereto and (iii) to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, (a) any law, rule or policy that is now or hereafter promulgated by any 
governmental authority (including any central bank) or regulatory body that may adversely affect 
CGML’s ability or obligation to make or receive such payments, (b) any nationalisation, 
expropriation, war, riot, civil commotion or other similar event, (c) any inability to convert any 
currency into the currency of payment of such obligation, and (d) any inability to transfer funds in 
the currency of payment of such obligation to the place of payment therefor. 
• 
CGMH waives demands, promptness, diligence and all notices that may be required by law or to 
perfect the Issuer’s rights under the Citigroup Guarantee except notice to CGMH of a default by 
CGML under the Relevant Agreements, provided, however, that any delay in the delivery of

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
notice will in no way invalidate the enforceability of the Citigroup Guarantee. No failure, delay or 
single or partial exercise by the Issuer of its rights or remedies thereunder will operate as a waiver 
of such rights or remedies. 
• 
CGMH will not be required to pay or be liable to the Issuer for any consequential, indirect or 
punitive damages, opportunity costs or lost profits. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York. CGMH irrevocably consents to, for the purposes of any proceeding arising out 
of the Citigroup Guarantee, the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and 
the United States District Court located in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee will remain in full force and effect until such time as it may be revoked 
by CGMH by written notice given to the Issuer, such notice to be deemed effective upon receipt 
thereof by the Issuer or at such later date as may be specified in such notice; provided, however, 
that such revocation will not limit or terminate the Citigroup Guarantee in respect of any 
Obligations of the Issuer under the Relevant Agreements which shall have been entered into prior 
to the effectiveness of such revocation. 
 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, CGML and MLI have entered into the Calculation Agency Agreement pursuant to which MLI 
will act as Calculation Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement. The Calculation Agency 
Agreement contains customary exculpatory terms including provisions that neither the Trustee nor any 
holder or potential holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be entitled to rely as against the 
Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation Agent and that no duty will be owed by the 
Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any holder or potential holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities in connection with any such determination. 
The Calculation Agency Agreement will terminate automatically on the termination of either the MLI 
Facility Agreement or the CGML Facility Agreement and upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event 
with respect to MLI. The Issuer and CGML may together terminate MLI’s appointment as calculation 
agent upon not less than 45 days’ written notice and either may do so earlier on certain breach events. 
MLI will be entitled to resign as calculation agent upon not less than 45 days’ written notice if at the time 
of giving such notice there are no and have not for 30 days been any Commodity Contracts outstanding 
under the MLI Facility Agreement, any commodity contracts outstanding under the MLI Classic and 
Longer Dated Facility Agreement or any commodity contracts outstanding under the MLI Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement. If MLI’s role as calculation agent is terminated (other than by the Issuer 
and CGML together absent such breach events) its role as calculation agent under the MLI Facility 
Agreement will also terminate. Where MLI’s role as calculation agent is terminated, the Issuer must 
identify and appoint a replacement calculation agent (being a Commodity Contract Counterparty). 
 
Security Agreements and Control Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the MLI Security Agreement (which was entered into in relation to and 
supplements the MLI Facility Agreement) and the CGML Security Agreement (which was entered into 
in relation to and supplements the CGML Facility Agreement) under which MLI and CGML (respectively) 
have agreed to provide Collateral in respect of their Collateral Exposure at any time. The Collateral 
Exposure applicable to each Commodity Contract Counterparty and Currency is calculated each 
Business Day by both the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty and is verified between the 
parties each Business Day. 
The Issuer has also entered into the MLI Control Agreement with MLI and The Bank of New York Mellon 
(as Securities Intermediary) and the CGML Control Agreement with CGML and The Bank of New York 
Mellon (as Securities Intermediary). Under the terms of each Security Agreement and Control 
Agreement, the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post the Collateral relating to 
Commodity Contracts denominated in each Currency to the Collateral Account relating to that Currency 
in its name at The Bank of New York Mellon. 
Under the terms of each Control Agreement, the Bank of New York Mellon (as Securities Intermediary) 
may utilise depositories, banks or other financial institutions in connection with the custody of the 
Collateral.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Provision of Collateral by the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
Each Business Day in respect of each Commodity Contract Counterparty and Currency, the Securities 
Intermediary is required to calculate the value (in accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control 
Agreement described in more detail below) of the Collateral in the relevant Collateral Account as at the 
close of business (New York time) on the previous Business Day and each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty must report the Collateral Exposure in respect of such Currency calculated as at close of 
business on the immediately preceding Business Day. Under the Security Agreements and Control 
Agreements, MLI and CGML (respectively) are required to transfer to its Collateral Account relating to 
that Currency, securities and obligations to the value (taking into account the value of Eligible Collateral 
(described below) already credited to such account) of the Issuer’s total exposure to MLI or CGML (as 
applicable) under (inter alia) the fully paid Commodity Contracts denominated in such Currency between 
the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty at the close of business on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. If on any Business Day the aggregate value of the Collateral in the relevant 
Collateral Account is greater than such exposure, then the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
may request that the Securities Intermediary transfers Collateral from such Collateral Account to another 
account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty’s choosing and such transferred Collateral 
will no longer form part of the Collateral for the purposes of the relevant Security Agreement. The 
Securities Intermediary may not permit a Commodity Contract Counterparty to transfer assets out of a 
Collateral Account (i) such that the total value of Collateral in such Collateral Account would equal less 
than such exposure, or (ii) without the Issuer’s consent. For these purposes references to the “value” of 
the Collateral constitute references to the value thereof determined by the Securities Intermediary in 
accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control Agreements described in more detail below. 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, the Issuer may take control 
of the Collateral Accounts and any Collateral in the Collateral Accounts in certain circumstances 
including if a Collateral Account Control Event has occurred. This includes, in summary, situations where 
(i) a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty (not 
caused by a breach by the Issuer) has occurred, (ii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has 
failed to transfer Collateral to the relevant Collateral Account when due and such failure continues for 
two Business Days, (iii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty fails to comply with or perform 
any other provisions of or obligations under the relevant Security Agreement on a continuing basis, or 
(iv) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty becomes insolvent. 
Description of Collateral 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty may only transfer 
“Eligible Collateral” into its Collateral Account. For these purposes, “Eligible Collateral” means: 
(A) 
Cash invested in government or treasury Eligible Money Market Funds denominated in US Dollars 
or the Relevant Currency with a minimum long term credit rating of AAA by S&P or Aaa by 
Moody’s; 
(B) 
Cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible Money 
Market Funds) denominated in US Dollars or the Relevant Currency with a minimum long term 
credit rating of AAA by S&P or Aaa by Moody’s; 
(C) 
stripped or unstripped publicly traded debt securities: 
(i) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. Department of Treasury with a 
minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P or Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(ii) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, a U.S. government agency (other than the 
U.S. Department of Treasury) whose obligations are fully guaranteed by the full faith and 
credit of the U.S. government and with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P or 
Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(iii) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the European Central Bank or an Eligible Sovereign Entity 
(other than Japan and USA) and with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P or 
Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(iv) 
issued by, or a stripped or unstripped publicly traded asset-backed debt securities fully 
guaranteed by, a U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise that is operating with capital 
support or another form of direct financial assistance received from the U.S. government 
that enables the repayments of the U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise’s eligible 
securities, with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P or Aa2 by Moody’s or AA 
by Fitch. 
(v) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, an Eligible Sovereign Entity being Japan with a minimum 
long term issuer rating of A- by S&P or A3 by Moody’s or A- by Fitch; 
(D) 
a debt security that is issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the Bank for International Settlements, the 
International Monetary Fund, or a multilateral development bank agreed by the Issuer including 
the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, The European Investment Bank, 
Council Of Europe Development Bank, The Asian Development Bank and The Inter- American 
Development Bank, in each case with a minimum long term issuer rating of AAA by S&P or Aaa 
by Moody’s or AAA by Fitch; or 
(E) 
Eligible Equities, 
provided that, inter alia: 
(a) 
the following may not be Eligible Collateral: 
(i) 
securities issued by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or the Issuer or any 
affiliate of either; 
(ii) 
securities issued by (inter alia) a bank holding company, a savings and loan holding 
company, a U.S. intermediate holding company established or designated for certain 
specified purposes, a non-U.S. bank, a depository institution or a market intermediary or 
certain affiliates of any of the foregoing; 
(iii) 
securities issued by a nonbank financial institution supervised by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act; or 
(iv) 
Securities from GICS Sector 40 – Financial (Equity) and BICS Sector – Financials (Fixed 
Income); 
(b) 
the inclusion of such collateral security does not cause a breach of the Issuer Concentration Limits 
or the Jurisdiction Limits set out below; 
(c) 
with respect to any bond or obligation which requires a minimum bond rating, if an issuer has 
long-term issuer ratings from each of Moody’s and S&P, the lower of the two ratings of such bond 
or obligation satisfies the minimum bond rating; 
(d) 
with respect to equities, that such equity is a member of one of the indices set out in the Collateral 
Schedule to the relevant Security Agreement (or American depository receipts or global 
depository receipts whose underlying common or preferred shares are constituents of and such 
index); provided that any such equities will only constitute Eligible Collateral where the issuer of 
such equity also appears on the S&P 500 index or the S&P 1500 Composite index; 
(e) 
the inclusion of such security would not cause the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or 
the Issuer to breach applicable minimum regulatory requirements relating to the posting or 
collection of collateral (including, without limitation, as set out in the CFTC’s Margin Requirements 
for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants, 81 FR 636 (Jan 6, 2016)); 
and 
(f) 
with respect to any bond or equity, that if and for so long as daily market pricing has remained 
unavailable to the Securities Intermediary for a period of three Business Days, such bond or equity 
shall not be treated as Eligible Collateral.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Issuer Concentration Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means that with respect to: 
(a) 
Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible Money Market Funds) 
denominated in US Dollars or the Relevant Currency of such Collateral Account of any one issuer 
may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than of 25 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Collateral in respect of 
such Collateral Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with Eligible Money Market Funds issued by other issuers, constitute more than 
75 per cent. of the aggregate value of the collateral in respect of such Collateral Account; 
and 
(iii) 
when taken with shares or units of the same Eligible Money Market Fund held in any other 
Collateral Account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, constitute more than 
20 per cent. in issue size of the outstanding shares or units of class or aggregate net asset 
value of the relevant Eligible Money Market Fund; 
(b) 
the Eligible Equities of any one issuer held in that Collateral Account may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than 3.3 per cent. of the Eligible Collateral in respect of such Collateral 
Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral Account of 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 2.5 per cent. of the 
aggregate issued and outstanding share capital of that issuer (based on free float market 
capitalization); and 
(iii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral Account of 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 100 per cent. of the 30 
day average daily volume of such Eligible Equities as determined by the Securities 
Intermediary; and 
“Jurisdiction Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means, with respect to any relevant jurisdiction, 
the maximum percentage of the value of all Collateral in respect of such Collateral Account that may be 
constituted of securities of issuers domiciled in such jurisdiction, and with respect to: 
(a) 
the United States where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national bonds, government agency 
bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 100 per cent. and (y) the relevant Collateral constitutes 
Eligible Equities, 75 per cent.; 
(b) 
France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes 
national bonds, government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 50 per cent. and (y) 
where the relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 25 per cent.; 
(c) 
any other jurisdiction, authority or agency, where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national 
bonds, government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 25 per cent. and (y) the 
relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 10 per cent.; and 
(d) 
where Eligible Equities constitute a “Pan-European” index, there shall be a look-through to the 
jurisdictions of the underlying constituents for the purposes of determining the Jurisdiction Limit. 
For the purpose of valuing the collateral in the Collateral Account the Securities Intermediary will multiply 
the sum of the values of what it determines to be the market value of each asset of a particular type by 
the following percentages (subject in each case to an additional haircut of 8 per cent. of such market 
values in respect of any form of Eligible Collateral if the currency in which such Eligible

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Collateral is denominated is not one of US Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Swiss Francs, Japanese yen, 
Canadian Dollars, Swedish Krona, Norwegian Krone, New Zealand Dollars or Australian Dollars): 
(i) 
for cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds described in paragraph (A) or paragraph 
(B) of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set 
out below: 
 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(ii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) (inclusive) of paragraph (C), or 
falling within paragraph (D), of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable 
valuation percentage set out below: 
 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(iii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraph (v) of paragraph (C) of the definition of 
“Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set out below: 
 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
94% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
92% 
MTM > 60 
90% 
(iv) 
for any Eligible Equities, either 85 per cent. or 75 per cent. depending on the particular 
index to which such Eligible Equity belongs. 
The Issuer will arrange for a breakdown of the Collateral posted by the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties (which will not be broken down by Collateral Account or by Commodity Contract 
Counterparty) to be made available at http://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
 
Commodity Contracts 
210 classes of Commodity Contracts are currently available under the Facility Agreements to be created 
by the Issuer, corresponding to the 210 classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Where an 
Authorised Participant has agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty the pricing for the issue or 
redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the creation or termination of the 
corresponding Commodity Contracts (“Agreed Pricing”) the Issuer will create or terminate Commodity 
Contracts at that pricing, but otherwise the creation or termination price per Commodity

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Contract will be the Price in the Relevant Currency of the corresponding Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security on the applicable Pricing Day (“Settlement Pricing”). Payments due on the creation or 
termination of Commodity Contracts will be made in US Dollars by applying the Settlement Foreign 
Exchange Rate to the Relevant Currency. 
Whenever Settlement Pricing is used: 
• 
upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form or Redemption Form, the Issuer will send 
to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty a Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice 
(together with a copy of the applicable Application Form or Redemption Form, as the case may 
be) creating or terminating, as the case may be, an Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts 
corresponding to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which are the subject of the 
Application Form or Redemption Form; and 
• 
within 30 minutes of the Notice Deadline (or, if later, within 30 minutes of any Creation Notice or 
Cancellation Notice having been sent by the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty), the Issuer will contact the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by telephone 
to seek confirmation of acceptance by it of such Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice. The 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty will confirm such Creation Notice or Cancellation 
Notice provided that it complies with certain formalities (set out in the Facility Agreement) as to 
form, quantum, procedure, timing and substance. 
As referred to under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description 
of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling 
Authorised Participants to make Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website 
and has agreed provisions with the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Authorised Participants 
to enable use of such system in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility 
Agreements, the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such 
Applications and Redemptions. It is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will 
be requested using the System. 
 
Separate Pools 
All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the same class will have recourse only to the Secured 
Property of the Pool attributable to that class and not to the Secured Property of any Pool attributable to 
any other class. The principal assets to be included in each Pool are the Commodity Contracts of that 
class with MLI and CGML, the rights of the Issuer under the Facility Agreements for that class, and the 
rights in respect of that class of Commodity Contracts under the Security Agreements, the Control 
Agreements and the Guarantees. The Issuer may issue other classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities, based on different prices, different currencies of denomination or having some other different 
characteristics, but any such securities will have recourse only to the Secured Property of the Pool 
attributable to such new type and not to the assets attributable to any other type. 
 
Corresponding Terms of Commodity Contracts with Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Whenever Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed, the Issuer will always 
create or terminate corresponding Commodity Contracts of the corresponding class as those Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities. Consequently the sum of the exposures of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties in respect of Commodity Contracts of each class at any time will always exactly match the 
exposure of the Issuer in respect of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the corresponding class 
at that time. 
Payment for the issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and for the creation of Commodity 
Contracts will be made, in US Dollars, by an Authorised Participant directly to the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty. The amount due in US Dollars will be calculated by applying the Settlement 
Foreign Exchange Rate to the Relevant Currency. Payment on the redemption of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities will be made, in US Dollars, by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
in respect of the termination of the corresponding Commodity Contracts by the Issuer, directly to the 
Authorised Participant redeeming the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, subject to certain set- 
off arrangements in respect of creation amounts due and unpaid by the Authorised Participant in relation 
to the issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Payments from or to Authorised

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Participants in respect of Applications for or Redemptions of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
will be made via the CREST system on a delivery versus payment basis. 
Unless Agreed Pricing is used, the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity 
Contracts is always determined in the same manner as the Price on the applicable Pricing Day for the 
corresponding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which are applied for or redeemed. Under the 
Facility Agreements, a Market Disruption Day is determined in the same manner as the determination 
of a Market Disruption Day under the Programme. Accordingly, any day that is a Market Disruption Day 
for the purposes of a Facility Agreement is also a Market Disruption Day for the purposes of the 
Programme. Commodity Contracts have no equivalent of a Principal Amount. 
If Agreed Pricing is used to determine the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity 
Contracts, the same Agreed Pricing applies to the corresponding Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities which are applied for or redeemed. 
Consequently, save in the event of a compulsory redemption in the circumstances described in the risk 
factors entitled “Realisation of Collateral” and “Enforcement by the Trustee” under “Risk Factors” above, 
the amounts payable between Authorised Participants and the Issuer on the issue or redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (other than Application Fees and Redemption Fees which are 
payable by Authorised Participants to the Issuer in Sterling (and save where the Principal Amount of a 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Security exceeds its Price)) will always be identical to the amounts 
payable between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty on the creation and termination of 
the corresponding Commodity Contracts. 
 
Elections 
Upon an Application Form being lodged for new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities: 
• 
the Issuer will only issue new Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities if it can create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement; and 
• 
the Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy such Application by the transfer of the 
appropriate number and type of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities from one or more 
Security Holders seeking redemption. In that event, to the extent of the number and type of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities transferred, no new Commodity Contracts will be created. 
 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee, together with the Licence Allowance, will be reflected in the daily adjustments to 
the Capital Adjustment for the applicable class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The 
Management Fee and the Licence Allowance will be paid by the Commodity Contract Counterparties to 
the Issuer. 
No other cash payments are settled between the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. 
The net amounts payable on creation or termination of Commodity Contracts are paid directly between 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant which is applying for or 
redeeming the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, via CREST. 
 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Facility Agreement and each other Facility Agreement that may be entered into 
with other Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
MLI has two separate roles as Calculation Agent, as follows: 
(a) 
MLI will determine the existence of a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Individual 
Commodity Index; and 
(b) 
if a Commodity Index is not calculated and/or published and a substitute value is required to be 
calculated and published pursuant to the Facility Agreement, or if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of any Commodity Index on five or more consecutive General Trading Days 
(irrespective of whether a Commodity Index is published for those General Trading Days), MLI

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
will calculate a substitute value for that Commodity Index in accordance with the Facility 
Agreement. 
In acting as Calculation Agent, MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement and the 
Calculation Agency Agreement to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in 
accordance with its obligations under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency 
Agreement. Subject to those requirements, the calculations of the Calculation Agent are final and 
conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
If MLI, as Calculation Agent, considers that any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation 
Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency Agreement in 
respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a notice to that 
effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer should it 
subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly burdensome), in 
which event: 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under 
the Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of the relevant class by 
Settlement Pricing; and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a 
substitute index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, such approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days 
(or such shorter or longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not 
within 75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or 
appointed a replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the 
Issuer may elect by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity 
Contracts be cancelled on not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be redeemed). 
The Issuer may provide copies of determinations notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under a 
Facility Agreement to the Trustee (but no other person) and/or notify the Trustee (and any other persons) 
of such determinations by the Calculation Agent, but in each case on the express basis that they are for 
information purposes only; neither the Trustee nor any actual or potential Security Holder can rely as 
against the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation Agent; and no duty is owed by 
the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any actual or potential Security Holder.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
PART 6 
 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Overview of the Programme 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to 
Authorised Participants. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities (except that a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may request 
redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which it holds in the event that on any given 
Issuer Business Day there are no Authorised Participants or as may be announced by the Issuer from 
time to time in accordance with the Conditions and such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption 
Form on such day). 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form or in 
Uncertificated Form in the CREST System. Persons who apply for Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities and wish to hold their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form should 
so signify on the Application Form and complete the relevant sections of that form in accordance with 
the instructions thereon. 
 
Passporting 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authority in Austria, the 
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market  Authority),  the  competent  authority  
in  Denmark,  the Finanstilsynet (Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Finland, 
the Finanssivalvonta (Finnish  Financial  Supervisory  Authority),  the  competent  authority  in  France,  
the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in 
Germany, the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority), the competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the Financial Sector Supervisory Commission), the competent authority in the Netherlands, 
the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Norway 
the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian Financial Supervision Authority), the competent authority in Spain, the 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Commission) and the competent authority 
in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) with certificates of approval attesting 
that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA member states 
with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such member states or for 
admission to trading of all or any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on a regulated market therein 
or both. 
 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected Ireland as 
its Home Member State for the purposes of the Transparency Directive. 
 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply 
for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with 
the instructions thereon and send it to the Issuer. 
As described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description 
of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling 
Authorised Participants to make Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website 
in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised 
Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and Redemptions. It 
is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will be requested using the System. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in Certificated 
Form, certificates in respect of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be dispatched within 10 
Business Days of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities being issued. For those Applicants

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
who desire to hold their Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant 
CREST account will be credited on the day on which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are 
issued against payment. The Issuer considers it preferable that Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves 
the right to issue any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in Certificated Form. In normal 
circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure or breakdown 
of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities and/or systems operated by the 
Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised if the correct details (such as 
participant ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on the Application Form. No 
temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security certificates, transfers will 
be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, 
the Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) 
no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for 
any information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(d) 
it understands that Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer alone; and 
(e) 
it understands that the obligations of the Issuer under Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
are not guaranteed by MLI, BAC or any other member of the BAC Group or CGML, CGMH or any 
other member of the Citigroup Group or any other Commodity Contract Counterparty or 
Guarantor. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities). 
Subscription for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
All Application Moneys for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities must be paid through CREST in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Application Form in US Dollars. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in respect of which the Application has been made will not be 
issued unless the Commodity Contracts created and to be paid for with the Application Moneys for that 
Application are in force. 
Listing 
The following Euro Classic Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market 
(General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) since 15 March 2012: 
Euro Classic Individual Securities 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily 
Hedged  
WisdomTree Copper – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – EUR Daily Hedged  
WisdomTree Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Wheat – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – EUR Daily 
Hedged 
EUR Classic Index Securities 
WisdomTree Agriculture – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – EUR Daily 
Hedged  
WisdomTree Precious Metals – EUR Daily 
Hedged

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
The WisdomTree – EUR Daily Hedged Energy Index Securities have been listed on the Regulated 
Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 21 October 2013. 
The following Euro Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the ETFplus market of the 
Borsa Italiana since 7 June 2012: 
Euro Classic Individual Securities 
WisdomTree Aluminium – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily 
Hedged  
WisdomTree Coffee – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Copper – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Corn – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Cotton – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Nickel – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Soybeans – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Sugar – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Wheat – EUR Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – EUR Daily 
Hedged 
WisdomTree Zinc – EUR Daily Hedged  
Euro Longer Dated Index Securities 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – EUR 
Daily Hedged 
 
Euro Classic Index Securities 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – EUR Daily 
Hedged

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the following classes were redeemed compulsorily on 26 
September 2019. 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Copper Individual Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Gold Individual Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Natural Gas Individual Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Silver Individual Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Agriculture Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged All Commodities Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Energy Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Precious Metals Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Longer Dated Agriculture Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Longer Dated All Commodities Index Securities 
ETFS GBP Daily Hedged Longer Dated Energy Index Securities 
ETFS EUR Daily Hedged Longer Dated Agriculture Index Securities 
The Issuer reserves the right to re-issue Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the same classes 
(as renamed pursuant to the fifth supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019) with the same or  
different Principal Amount and with the same or different ISIN and this Prospectus applies to any such 
reissued classes. 
Application will be  made to Euronext Dublin for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued 
during the period of  12 months from the date of this Prospectus  to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on the regulated market.  The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and 
investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
there.  
 
Settlement 
CREST 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are participating 
securities in, CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities 
(including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such 
securities electronically with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions 
in the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will take place within the CREST system. 
 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange, Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (“Clearstream”) will issue, for each series and the 
relevant number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, a Global Bearer Certificate (each a “Global 
Bearer Certificate”) in the German language created under German law (“Collective Safe Custody”). 
Global Bearer Certificates have been issued in respect of the Classic Commodity Securities. The Global 
Bearer Certificates have the following German ISIN Codes: 
 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
ISIN Code 
WisdomTree Agriculture – EUR Daily Hedged  
DE000A1NZLJ4 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLK2 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1N3G19 
WisdomTree Energy – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLN6 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLP1 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLN6 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLQ9 
WisdomTree Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLR7 
WisdomTree Wheat – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLS5 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
DE000A1NZLM8 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set out 
in Part 10 (Global Bearer Certificates) and the definitive German language text is annexed hereto in

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Annexes 1 and 2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and type of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities will be registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England (the 
“Nominee”) in the relevant Register of Security Holders and credited to a separate safe custody account 
of Clearstream with Citibank N.A., London, England (the “Custodian”). The safe custody accounts 
assigned to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (the “Safe Custody Account”) will be 
designated “Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream) — Special Safe Custody Account 
for ETFS Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities Global Bearer Certificate” followed by the name and 
type of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security concerned. 
In accordance with the conditions governing each Global Bearer Certificate: 
• 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders of the number and type of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
corresponding to his co-ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate of 
the same class; and 
• 
any registered holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of any relevant class will be 
entitled, at his expense, to have his Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities delivered to the 
Custodian for crediting to the Safe Custody Account against a corresponding co-ownership share 
in the Global Bearer Certificate of the relevant class. 
Whenever the number of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities represented by the Global Bearer 
Certificate of any class changes (as a result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, 
withdrawals from the Safe Custody Account or issues or redemptions of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities), Clearstream will amend the relevant Global Bearer Certificate accordingly. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as 
fractional rights and entitlements are concerned. 
 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream 
to the respective co-owners. Any subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream 
at the disposal of HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG (the “Bank”) of Königsallee 21/23, 40212 Düsseldorf, 
Federal Republic of Germany. Upon the request of the Bank, Clearstream will give instructions to the 
Custodian for the exercise, purchase or sale of such subscription rights, other rights or fractional rights. 
In case of any flow of cash amounts resulting out of such transactions, Clearstream will without delay 
inform the Bank by fax of the net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, and the related value date. 
The net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, must be credited or debited to the Bank’s cash account 
with Clearstream or as otherwise agreed between Clearstream and the Bank. 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking Act and licensed as the German 
Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional 
depository that holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions among them through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of the securities. Clearstream also provides other 
services to its customers, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of 
internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are 
worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities remain

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
outstanding, copies of this Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the 
summary thereto and all financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the 
Issuer pursuant to the applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, 
and a copy of the documents referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank. 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus Market of the Borsa Italiana 
All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the 
Register in the name of Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. For those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders 
(“Italian sub-register”). All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
are eligible for settlement through the normal Monte Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit 
accounts opened with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Marketmakers and other account holders at Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. will be permitted to transfer securities between the Register and the Italian sub-register and any 
other sub-registers applicable to other markets to which the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
may be admitted to trading, and thereby be able to move securities between the London Stock 
Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held 
through Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the single security holder of such 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look 
to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to receive any and all entitlements under such Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. 
 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
 
UCITS and CIS 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has received legal advice that Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities do not constitute 
units in a collective investment scheme. The Issuer has also received legal advice that the Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities. Prospective investing 
UCITS Schemes would need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with their investment objectives and 
comply with relevant parts of the FCA Handbook. 
 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or 
any subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may be required. The anti-money 
laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification 
of the identity of the Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from 
time to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds 
(Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti- 
money laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as 
is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Application Form or order, or, at the absolute discretion 
of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the 
Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of 
Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Registrar shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities will be specified in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be paid to a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty as part of the process of creating Commodity Contracts.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
PART 7 
 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND CURRENCY-HEDGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of each class of the Issuer 
(each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) was 
authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 8 December 2011. The Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities are constituted by a trust instrument dated 23 February 2012 as amended by 
supplemental trust instruments dated 14 February 2013, 23 June 2014, 8 March 2017, 29 June 2017, 
31 July 2019, 22 May 2020, 22 June 2020 and 22 October 2020 (as so amended, the “Trust Instrument” 
which expression includes further deeds or documents supplemented thereto from time to time), 
governed by Jersey law between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the 
“Trustee”) (as amended) and secured by a security deed governed by English law dated 23 February 
2012 between the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended. 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument the Trustee may delegate all or any of its rights, powers, 
authorities, duties and discretions in respect of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities upon such 
terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the interests of the Security 
Holders think fit. 
The Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered 
office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 
1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the 
Trust Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any 
loss arising by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including 
fraud, wilful misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language, however, information on how 
the terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including 
Part 1 (General) and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). The conditions of 
issue of each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
Please note that the use of the term “Official List” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be 
read as a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this prospectus under the heading 
“Definitions and Interpretation”.  
Please also note that the use of the term “Listing” in this extract from the Trust Instrument refers to the 
admission of such class to the UK Official List and the admission to trading of such class on the London 
Stock Exchange. 
The following are the Conditions applicable to all types of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities: 
 
“The Conditions 
The Commodity Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of WisdomTree 
Hedged Commodity Securities Limited and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have the benefit 
of, a trust instrument dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the holders of Commodity Securities, as amended by a supplemental 
trust instrument dated 14 February 2013, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 23 June 2014, 
a third supplemental trust instrument dated 8 March 2017, a fourth supplemental trust instrument dated 
29 June 2017, a fifth supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019, a sixth supplemental trust 
instrument dated 22 May 2020, a seventh Supplemental Trust Instrument dated 22 June 2020 and an 
eighth supplemental trust instrument dated 22 October 2020 governed by Jersey law. The Security 
Holders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed (each as defined below) and the 
Conditions set out below. 
 
1. 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
“Acceptable Credit Rating” means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from 
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof), and of at least Baa1 from Moody’s Investors Service 
Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business thereof); 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with that person; and for this purpose, “control” of any entity or person 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person; 
“Agreed Pricing” has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(b); 
“Agreed Redemption Form” means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the 
Issuer requesting Redemption of Commodity Securities using Agreed Pricing; 
“Australian Dollar” or “AUD” or “A$” means the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of 
Australia; 
“Australian Dollar Classic Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as 
such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Australian Dollar Classic Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class 
specified as such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Australian Dollar Classic Security” means an Australian Dollar Classic Individual Security or 
an Australian Dollar Classic Index Security; 
“Australian Dollar Commodity Security” means an Australian Dollar Individual Security or an 
Australian Dollar Index Security; 
“Australian Dollar Index Security” means an Australian Dollar Classic Index Security or an 
Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Security; 
“Australian Dollar Individual Security” means an Australian Dollar Classic Individual Security 
or an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual Security; 
“Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class 
specified as such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class 
specified as such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Australian Dollar Longer Dated Security” means an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Individual 
Security or an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Security; 
“Authorised Participant” means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Commodity Securities and (except in the case of a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement 
with the Issuer) has entered into a corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, and which is not an Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, provided that no person shall be an Authorised Participant in 
respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty unless and until the Security Conditions (if any)

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
with respect to the Authorised Participant and that Commodity Contract Counterparty shall have 
been satisfied and provided further that a person can be an Authorised Participant in respect of 
one Commodity Contract Counterparty but not another; 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means a written agreement between the Issuer and 
another person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, 
distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Commodity Securities and if 
such agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been 
satisfied; 
BFIX Rate in relation to any Currency and any day, means the BFIX rate for that Currency and 
that day available on the Bloomberg Professional® service, or any substitute for such rate agreed 
with each Commodity Contract Counterparty for the purposes of the Facility Agreements, in each 
case expressed as a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a number of US Dollars per Euro 
or a number of US Dollars per Pound Sterling, provided that if Bloomberg makes available on the 
Bloomberg Professional® Service an amended or corrected BFIX rate for that Currency and that 
day by no later than 9:00 p.m. on that day, the BFIX Rate for that Currency and that day shall be 
such amended or corrected rate; 
Bloomberg means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the Affiliate of either of 
them; 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM means the index known as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
calculated and published by Bloomberg, formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity 
IndexSM; 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM means the index known as the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM calculated and published by Bloomberg, formerly known as 
the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM; 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New York; 
“Calculation Agent” means the person from time to time appointed by the Issuer and each 
Commodity Contract Counterparty for the purposes referred to in Condition 14; 
“Capital Adjustment” means with respect to each class of Commodity Securities an adjustment 
factor to be included in the calculation of the Price which is agreed from time to time in respect of 
the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts by a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the 
Issuer; 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“CGML” means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales with number 01763297 whose registered office is situated at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England and includes its successors and 
assignees; 
“CIP” means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook from time to time; 
“class” means a class of Commodity Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations to make 
payment, and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts under which any Commodity 
Contract Counterparty’s obligations to make payment, are determined by reference to a particular 
Commodity Index; 
“Classic Commodity Security” means an Australian Dollar Classic Security, a Euro Classic 
Security or a Sterling Classic Security; 
“Classic Composite Commodity Index” means an index calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook by reference to the performance 
of an Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Index and movements in the exchange rate of a 
specified currency against the US Dollar;

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
“Classic Individual Commodity Index” means an index calculated and published by Bloomberg 
from time to time in accordance with the Handbook by reference to the performance of an 
Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index and movements in the exchange rate of a 
specified currency against the US Dollar; 
“Closing Settlement Price Level” in relation to any Commodity Index and a day (the “Index 
Day”) is the published closing settlement price level of such Commodity Index published for the 
Index Day, provided that if (i) the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer by no later than 11.59 p.m. 
on the first General Trading Day after the Index Day that there is an error in the published value 
for the Index Day and that a corrected value is expected to be published within a reasonable 
period of time and Bloomberg publishes an amended or corrected closing settlement price level 
for such Commodity Index and the Index Day by no later than 11.59 p.m. (New York time) on the 
first General Trading Day after the Index Day or (ii) Bloomberg publishes an amended or corrected 
closing settlement price level for such Commodity Index and such day by no later than 11.59 p.m. 
(London time) on the first General Trading Day after the Index Day, the Closing Settlement Price 
Level for such Commodity Index and the Index Day shall be such amended or corrected closing 
settlement price level and provided further that if the Calculation Agent provides a substitute value 
of any Commodity Index in respect of any day as provided in Condition 14, the Closing Settlement 
Price Level for such Commodity Index and such day shall be such substitute value; 
“Collateral” means all Posted Collateral as defined in any Security Agreement to the extent 
attributable to the obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under a Facility Agreement; 
“Commodity Contract” means in relation to Commodity Securities of a particular class a contract 
between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty created in accordance with a Facility 
Agreement and giving rise to matching rights and obligations to such Commodity Securities; 
“Commodity Contract Counterparty” means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with 
the Issuer, and, for so long as the MLI Facility Agreement remains in force, includes MLI and, for 
so long as the CGML Facility Agreement remains in force, includes CGML; 
“Commodity Contract Termination” means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement; 
“Commodity Hedging Disruption Event” means an event, circumstance or cause (including, 
without limitation, the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation) that a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would 
reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on such Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s ability to hedge the commodity risk of its positions in connection with the relevant 
Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the relevant class, including, without limitation, any 
limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, 
maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any commodity hedging transaction in connection with the 
relevant Facility Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case whether due to market 
illiquidity, position limits in respect of any futures contract, illegality, the adoption of or change in 
any law or other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction market 
participants, the application of position limits to such Commodity Contract Counterparty, the lack 
of availability of hedging exemptions from applicable legal, regulatory or exchange requirements 
or the occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event; 
“Commodity Index” or “Currency-Hedged Commodity Index” means an Individual Commodity 
Index or a Composite Commodity Index, as appropriate, and “Commodity Indices” means all of 
them and in relation to a class of Commodity Securities (and the corresponding class of 
Commodity Contracts) means the Commodity Index specified in relation to such class in Schedule 
6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Commodity Market Disruption Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading 
Day for that Individual Commodity Index on which a Commodity Market Disruption Event 
occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant Exchange for the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index, other than a day for which a substitute value

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
for such individual Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading 
Day in respect of each futures contract by reference to the Settlement Price for which the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part) but on which 
a Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on 
the Relevant Exchange for any such futures contract, other than a day for which a substitute 
value for such Composite Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; 
(c) 
in respect of a futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation 
of an Unhedged Commodity Index, a day which is a Trading Day for that futures contract 
and on which a Commodity Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant 
Market on the Relevant Exchange on which that futures contract is traded, other than a day 
for which a substitute value of a Commodity Index corresponding to an Unhedged 
Commodity Index in the calculation of which Settlement Prices of such futures contracts 
are included is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of 
the Facility Agreements; 
(d) 
in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of Commodity 
Securities), a Commodity Market Disruption Day for a futures contract in respect of that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity Securities), 
other than a day for which a substitute value of a Commodity Index corresponding to an 
Unhedged Commodity Index in the calculation of which Settlement Prices of futures 
contracts in respect of such commodity are included is determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; or 
(e) 
in respect of a class of Commodity Securities, a day which is a Commodity Market 
Disruption Day within paragraph (a) or (b) above in respect of the Commodity Index 
applicable to Commodity Securities of that class; 
“Commodity Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding thereto, any of the following events: 
(i) 
the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or publish the relevant 
Settlement Price(s); or 
(ii) 
the termination or suspension of, or material limitation or disruption in the trading of, 
any Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of the Corresponding 
Unhedged Commodity Index; or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of the 
Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index reflects the maximum permitted price 
change (as set from time to time by the Relevant Exchange for that Lead Future or 
Next Future) from the previous day’s Settlement Price; 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding thereto, any event described in paragraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition 
in relation to any futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (and, for such purposes, 
references in paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead Future or Next Future 
used in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index” shall be 
construed, in relation to a commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, as 
references to the Lead Future or Next Future with respect to that commodity the Settlement 
Price of which is used in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index); 
and

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
(c) 
in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index or the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding thereto (or a class of Commodity Securities), any event 
described in paragraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition in relation to the futures contract 
in respect of that commodity the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of 
the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity Securities) (and, 
for such purposes, references in paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead 
Future or Next Future used in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity 
Index” shall be construed, in relation to such commodity, as references to the Lead Future 
or Next Future with respect to that commodity used in the calculation of that Unhedged 
Commodity Index (or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index relating to that class of Commodity Securities)), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements; 
“Commodity Security” or “Currency-Hedged Commodity Security” means an undated limited 
recourse secured debt security of the Issuer of any of the classes specified in the Trust Instrument 
created pursuant to and constituted by the Trust Instrument and includes Australian Dollar 
Commodity Securities, Euro Commodity Securities and Sterling Commodity Securities and 
“Commodity Securities” or “Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” means all of them; 
“Composite Commodity Index” means a Classic Composite Commodity Index or a Longer 
Dated Composite Commodity Index; 
“Compulsory Daily Pricing Number” means, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a 
class of Commodity Securities, the number of outstanding Commodity Securities of the relevant 
class which, in relation to each Pricing Day on which Commodity Securities of that class are 
required to be priced under the relevant Facility Agreement, shall be: 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each 
case for the class), the Compulsory Redemption Number; 
(b) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is equal to or more than five times the Redemption 
Limit, 20 per cent. of the Compulsory Redemption Number; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the amount shall be the Redemption Limit on the first and on each consecutive 
Pricing Day thereafter except on the last Pricing Day when the amount shall be the 
Compulsory Redemption Number minus the sum of the Compulsory Number Priced on 
each preceding Pricing Day for that class in relation to that Compulsory Redemption; 
“Compulsory Number Priced” means in respect of a Pricing Day and a class of Commodity 
Securities, the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number; provided that where the Compulsory 
Redemption Date is notified in accordance with Condition 8.6 the Compulsory Number Priced in 
respect of a class of Commodity Securities for any Pricing Day shall be reduced by the number 
of Commodity Securities of that class which are subject to a Redemption Form submitted in 
respect of that Pricing Day and, if such reduction would result in a negative number, that negative 
number shall be carried forward and applied to reduce the Compulsory Number Priced for the 
next following Pricing Day and any negative number on the last Pricing Day will be ignored; 
“Compulsory Redemption” means a Redemption of Commodity Securities in accordance with 
Condition 8.12 or Condition 8.13; 
“Compulsory Redemption Date” means a date notified in accordance with Condition 8.1, 
Condition 8.2, Condition 8.5, Condition 8.6, Condition 8.7 or Condition 8.8; 
“Compulsory Redemption Number” means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption Date and 
a class of Commodity Securities, where such Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in 
accordance with: 
(a) 
Condition 8.1, Condition 8.2, or Condition 8.7, the total number of Commodity Securities of 
that class outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the 
Compulsory Redemption Date;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(b) 
Condition 8.5, provided that the Commodity Index relates to that class, the total number of 
Commodity Securities of that class outstanding as at the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(c) 
Condition 8.6, the number of that class of outstanding Commodity Securities in respect of 
which notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition  8.6  (unless  Condition 
7.19(d) applies, in which case it means all the Commodity Securities of that class 
outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory 
Redemption Date); and 
(d) 
Condition 8.8, the number of Commodity Securities of that class in respect of which notice 
was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8.8 with respect to the Security Holder 
in question; 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Commodity Securities 
are issued; 
“Control Agreement” means in relation to any Security Agreement the Control Agreement as 
defined in such Security Agreement; 
“Controller” means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his shareholdings in such company; 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, ten per cent. or more of the voting power 
in such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his voting power in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, ten per cent. or more of the voting power 
in the parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company by virtue of his voting rights; 
“Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index” in respect of any Commodity Index, means the 
Unhedged Commodity Index the closing settlement price level of which is used in the calculation 
of its closing settlement price level in accordance with the Handbook, the name of which is the 
same as the name of that Commodity Index with the omission of the words “Australian Dollar 
Hedged Daily”, “Euro Hedged Daily” or “Pound Sterling Hedged Daily” and “corresponding” in 
relation to a Commodity Index shall be construed accordingly; 
“Counterparty Event of Default” means: 
(a) 
the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make a payment it is due to make 
in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination in accordance with the relevant Facility 
Agreement, where such failure is not rectified within five Business Days following the day 
on which the Commodity Contract Counterparty receives notice of the failure sent by the 
Issuer, or being in any other breach of the Facility Agreement provided that such breach (if 
capable of being rectified) is not rectified within five Business Days of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty receiving written notice from the Issuer of such breach; or 
(b) 
any other Counterparty Default (as defined in the relevant Facility Agreement) shall have 
occurred under the relevant Facility Agreement;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
“CREST” means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in 
Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; 
“Currency” means each of the three denominations of Commodity Securities (and their 
corresponding Commodity Contracts) provided for in the Trust Instrument, being Australian 
Dollars in respect of Australian Dollar Commodity Securities, Euro in respect of Euro Commodity 
Securities and Pounds Sterling in respect of Sterling Commodity Securities and “Currencies” will 
be construed accordingly; 
“Default Rate” means in respect of any Currency or US Dollars a rate per annum of interest equal 
to LIBOR in respect of that Currency or US Dollars (as the case may be) plus 2 per cent., 
compounding daily; 
“Defaulted Obligation” means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect 
of the Redemption of any Commodity Securities when due, and such failure is not remedied within 
48 hours of receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same provided that if the amount paid by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement in respect of a 
Commodity Contract Termination as a result of such Redemption is subject to any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power 
to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue 
authority) then in effect, and that Commodity Contract Counterparty is not obliged under that 
Facility Agreement to make any additional payment in respect of the withholding or deduction and 
the net amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that Redemption, that 
shall not be a Defaulted Obligation; 
“Direct Agreement” means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an 
Authorised Participant; 
“EC  Treaty”  means  the  Treaty  establishing  the  European  Community   (signed   in  Rome 
on March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 
February 7, 1992) and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam       on 
October 2, 1997), as further amended from time to time; 
“Euro” or “Eur” or “€” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty; 
“Euro Classic Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Euro Classic Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Euro Classic Security” means a Euro Classic Individual Security or a Euro Classic Index 
Security; 
“Euro Commodity Security” means a Euro Individual Security or a Euro Index Security; 
“Euro Index Security” means a Euro Classic Index Security or a Euro Longer Dated Index 
Security; 
“Euro Individual Security” means a Euro Classic Individual Security or a Euro Longer Dated 
Individual Security; 
“Euro Longer Dated Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Euro Longer Dated Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as 
such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Euro Longer Dated Security” means a Euro Longer Dated Individual Security or a Euro Longer 
Dated Index Security;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means in respect of one or more classes of Commodity Securities 
either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Commodity Securities of such 
class or classes duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in the Trust 
Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. in number of the 
persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority 
consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Price (or if no Price was determined on 
the day of that meeting, the most recently determined Price) of the Commodity Securities of such 
class or classes voting on such poll or (b) a resolution in writing of holders of the Commodity 
Securities of such class or classes holding not less than 75 per cent. by Price (as at the date of 
the last signature (or if no Price was determined on that date, the most recently determined Price)) 
of the Commodity Securities of such class or classes; 
“Facility Agreement” means each of the agreements entitled “Facility Agreement relating to 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and different Commodity Contract 
Counterparties providing for the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts thereunder, 
including such an agreement (the “MLI Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and 
such an agreement (the “CGML Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
“Foreign Exchange Rate” for a Commodity Index and a day in respect of which that Commodity 
Index is calculated and published means the rate of exchange used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index for that day, expressed as a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a 
number of US Dollars per Pound Sterling or a number of US Dollars per Euro, as the case may 
be and for any other day which is a Trading Day for any of the commodities comprised in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM or comprised in any other Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to an Individual Commodity Index, means the exchange rate for the relevant 
Currency sourced by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Facility Agreements from 
Bloomberg (or such other person or entity from time to time fulfilling the functions provided by it 
at the date of the Trust Instrument under the Handbook) using the daily 4.00 p.m. London fix rate 
for that day or, if the Calculation Agent is unable to so source such exchange rate, an exchange 
rate for that day as of 4.00 p.m. determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or 
more Facility Agreements, provided that in respect of any Commodity Index the Relevant 
Currency of which is the subject of an FX Market Disruption Event and for which the Calculation 
Agent is providing a substitute Foreign Exchange Rate for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements, the Foreign Exchange Rate for such Commodity Index shall be the Foreign 
Exchange Rate so provided; 
“FCA” means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom and any successor thereto; 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000; 
“Funding Rate” means in respect of any Currency or US Dollars a rate per annum of interest 
equal to LIBOR in respect of that Currency or US Dollars (as the case may be), compounding 
daily; 
“Further Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18.1; 
“FX Hedging Disruption Event” means an event, circumstance or cause (including, without 
limitation, the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation) that a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would reasonably be 
expected to have a materially adverse effect on such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s ability 
to hedge the currency risk of its positions in connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or 
Commodity Contracts of the relevant class, including, without limitation, any limitation or 
prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
unwinding or disposing of any currency hedging transaction in connection with the relevant Facility 
Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case whether due to market illiquidity, illegality, 
the adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of hedging 
transaction market participants, inconvertibility, establishment of dual exchange rates or foreign 
exchange controls, the application of position limits to such Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
the lack of availability of hedging exemptions from applicable legal, regulatory or exchange 
requirements or the occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
“FX Market Disruption Day” means, in relation to a Commodity Index to which a class of 
Commodity Securities relates or to a class of Commodity Securities, a General Trading Day which 
is a Trading Day for that Commodity Index, or the Commodity Index to which such class of 
Commodity Securities relates, (respectively) on which a FX Market Disruption Event occurs or is 
continuing in respect of the Relevant Currency of such class of Commodity Securities and of 
which the Calculation Agent has given notice to the Issuer for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements by no later than 4.30 p.m. on that Trading Day (with notice to each Authorised 
Participant given as soon as reasonably practicable by email, by telephone or by other reasonable 
means under the circumstances where so provided in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement) specifying that Trading Day to be a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of such 
Commodity Index, provided that, if the Calculation Agent provides a substitute Foreign Exchange 
Rate in respect of a day and the Relevant Currency of such class of Commodity Securities for the 
purposes of one or more Facility Agreements, then such day shall not be a FX Market Disruption 
Day; 
“FX Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of a Currency, an event, circumstance or cause 
(including, without limitation, the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation) 
that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on the 
availability of a market for converting such Currency to US Dollars (or vice versa), whether due to 
market illiquidity, illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory instrument, 
inconvertibility, establishment of dual exchange rates or foreign exchange controls or the 
occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements; 
“FX Restriction Event” means, in relation to any class or classes of Commodity Contract, an 
event, circumstance or cause that is reasonably and in good faith determined by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to render it unable to Create or Cancel Commodity Contracts 
of such class or classes by reason of restrictions on holding the Relevant Currency or exchanging 
either amounts of the Relevant Currency for US Dollars or amounts of US Dollars for the Relevant 
Currency; 
“General Notice” means any notice given in accordance with these Conditions other than a 
Pricing Notice; 
“General Trading Day” means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to time 
(and meaning as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on which the sum of the CIPs for 
those Index Commodities that are open for trading is greater than 50 per cent.” where “Index 
Commodities” has the meaning given to it in the Handbook); 
“Guarantee” means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantee or other 
credit support agreement provided by a guarantor or other credit support provider in respect of 
such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement; 
“Guarantor” means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantor or other 
credit support provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of such Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement; 
“Handbook” means the document entitled “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Family” (including its appendices) which sets out the methodology for calculation of (inter 
alia) the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the other Unhedged Commodity Indices and the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Indices, prepared and as amended from time to time by Bloomberg 
and includes the document entitled “Index Methodology – Bloomberg Multi-Tenor Indices” 
prepared and as amended, varied, supplemented or replaced from time to time by Bloomberg; 
“Hedging Disruption Event” means a FX Hedging Disruption Event or a Commodity Hedging 
Disruption Event; 
“Index Security” means an Australian Dollar Index Security, a Euro Index Security or a Sterling 
Index Security and “Index Securities” means all of them; 
“Indicative Price” means, in respect of a particular class of Commodity Security on a calendar 
day, the value calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5;

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
“Individual Commodity Index” means a Classic Individual Commodity Index or a Longer Dated 
Individual Commodity Index; 
“Individual Security” means an Australian Dollar Individual Security, a Euro Individual Security 
or a Sterling Individual Security and “Individual Securities” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Insolvency Event” means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person: 
(1) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(2) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(3) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(4) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; 
(5) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(6) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(7) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
30 days thereafter; 
(8) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (1) to (7) 
(inclusive); or 
(9) 
takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts; 
“Investment Company Act” means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the United States; 
“Issuer” means WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, a company incorporated 
and registered in Jersey with registered number 109413; 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London 
Business Day; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(1) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(2) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(3) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(4) 
has a declaration made against it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant 
to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended;

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(5) 
institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; 
(6) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(7) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(8) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
30 days thereafter; 
(9) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (1) to (8) 
(inclusive); or 
(10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts, 
provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer 
Insolvency Event save where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of paragraphs (1) to (9) 
and are taken in respect of security taken over Commodity Contracts, a Facility Agreement or a 
Guarantee; 
“Issuer’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ or such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders 
and the Trustee by RIS announcement; 
“Jersey” means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“Lead Future” means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect 
thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Lead Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for 
the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity 
comprised in an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to a Composite Commodity Index 
but which is not the subject of an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to an Individual 
Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Lead Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Unhedged 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day; 
“Liability” means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgement, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of Taxes (as 
defined in the Trust Instrument)) and including any VAT or similar Tax (as so defined) charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal and professional fees and expenses on a full indemnity 
basis, and Liabilities shall be construed accordingly; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any date of determination and any Currency or US Dollars: 
(a) 
the rate for overnight deposits in that Currency or US Dollars (as the case may be) which 
appears on the relevant Reuters page (or any successor page) as of 11.00 a.m. on the day 
that is two London Business Days preceding such date of determination; or 
(b) 
in the event of the unavailability of the relevant Reuters page (or any successor page), the 
rate for such determination date will be determined on the basis of the rates at which

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
deposits in that Currency or US Dollars (as the case may be) are offered by four major 
banks in the London interbank market (“Reference Banks”) at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
on the day that is two London Business Days preceding the relevant determination date to 
prime banks in the London interbank market for overnight deposits commencing on that 
date and in an amount (a “Representative Amount”) that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. The Issuer will request the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least 
two such quotations are provided, the rate for such date will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for such 
determination date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in New 
York (in respect of US Dollars), in Sydney (in respect of Australian Dollars) or in London (in 
respect of Euro or Sterling) (as the case may be), selected by the Issuer, at approximately 
11.00 a.m., local time in New York (in respect of US Dollars), in Sydney (in respect of 
Australian Dollars) or in London (in respect of Euro or Sterling) (as the case may be), on 
such determination date for loans in that Currency or US Dollars (as the case may be) to 
leading European banks for overnight deposits commencing on the determination date and 
in a Representative Amount; 
“Listing” means the admission of a particular class of Commodity Securities to the Official List in 
accordance with the Listing Rules and admission of a particular class of Commodity Securities to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the 
London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market) becoming effective; 
“Listing Failure” means the refusal of the UK Listing Authority to admit to the Official List any 
Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
“Listing Failure Date” means the day which was or would have been the date on which payment 
would have been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant to the terms of the relevant Facility 
Agreement corresponding to the Commodity Securities in respect of which a Listing Failure has 
occurred; 
“Listing Rules” means the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority from time to time, made under 
section 73A of FSMA; 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are 
open for the transaction of general business in London; 
“London Stock Exchange” means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities 
(or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such 
market), as the context may require; 
“Longer Dated Commodity Security” means an Australian Dollar Longer Dated Security, a Euro 
Longer Dated Security or a Sterling Longer Dated Security; 
“Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index” means an index calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook by reference to the performance 
of an Unhedged Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index and movements in the exchange 
rate of a specified currency against the US Dollar; 
“Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index” means an index calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook by reference to the performance 
of an Unhedged Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index and movements in the exchange rate 
of a specified currency against the US Dollar; 
“Market Disruption Day” in respect of a class of Commodity Securities means a day which is a 
Commodity Market Disruption Day in respect of such class and/or a FX Market Disruption Day in 
respect of such class; 
“Market Disruption Event” means a Commodity Market Disruption Event or a FX Market 
Disruption Event;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
“MLI” means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and registered in England and 
Wales with number 2312079 whose registered office is situated at 2 King Edward Street, London 
EC1A 1HQ, England and includes its successors and assignees; 
“month” means calendar month; 
“Multi-Tenor Security” means a WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged Individual 
Security, a WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged Individual Security and a 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged Individual Security and “Multi-Tenor Securities” 
shall be construed accordingly; 
“New York Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
are open for the transaction of general business in New York; 
“Next Future” means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect 
thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Next Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for 
the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity 
comprised in an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to a Composite Commodity Index 
but which is not the subject of an Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to an Individual 
Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Next Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Unhedged 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day; 
“Notice Deadline” means, on an Issuer Business Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such other time 
determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular Issuer Business Day or 
generally; 
“Official List” means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part 
VI of FSMA; 
“outstanding” means in relation to each class of Commodity Securities, all the Commodity 
Securities of that class issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an entry in the 
Register other than: 
(a) 
Commodity Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument; and 
(b) 
Commodity Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument, 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders 
or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust Instrument, Commodity Securities (if any) 
which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, (C) ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited) or 
a Guarantor, (D) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, (E) any 
individual Controller of the Issuer or Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by any such persons 
listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Commodity Securities shall be deemed not to be 
Security Holders; 
“Pool” means a separate fund or pool to which Commodity Securities of a particular class are 
attributable; 
“Price” means the price in the Relevant Currency determined in accordance with Condition 5 and 
“Pricing” (other than when used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) shall be construed 
accordingly; 
“Pricing Date” means: 
(a) 
in the case of an Agreed Redemption Form, the day upon which that form is deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Settlement Redemption Form, the Pricing Day upon which the Redemption 
Amount is determined; 
“Pricing Day” means:

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(a) 
for each class of Individual Securities, a day which is a General Trading Day and which is 
(b) 
a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class of Commodity 
Security, and (ii) not a Market Disruption Day for that Individual Commodity Index; for each 
class of Index Securities, a day which is a General Trading Day and which is (i) a Trading 
Day for each of the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Composite Commodity Index relating to 
that class of Index Commodity Securities is calculated (in whole or in part), and 
(ii) not a Market Disruption Day for such Composite Commodity Index; 
(c) 
for each futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of an 
Unhedged Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is (i) a Trading Day for that 
futures contract, and (ii) not a Commodity Market Disruption Day for that futures contract; 
or 
(d) 
for each commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of Commodity 
Securities), a General Trading Day which is (i) a Trading Day for the futures contracts 
relating to that commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of 
the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index (or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity Securities), and 
(ii) not a Commodity Market Disruption Day for that futures contract; 
“Pricing Notice” means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice; 
“Principal Amount” means in respect of each Commodity Security the amount specified in 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of Commodity Securities; 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any 
entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to 
any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA 
or section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Commodity Securities on behalf of, for the 
benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
“Prohibited US Person” means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person 
who holds Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser; 
“properly authenticated dematerialised instruction” shall bear the meaning given to it in the 
Regulations; 
“Property to be Assigned” means with respect to each Authorised Participant Agreement and 
each Commodity Contract Counterparty: 
(a) 
all of the right, title, interest and benefit of the Issuer, existing now or in the future, in, to, 
under or in respect of the Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies as a separate 
agreement in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with its 
terms; and 
(b) 
all other rights, moneys and property whatsoever which may from time to time at any time 
be derived from or accrue with respect to the Authorised Participant Agreement as it so 
applies including: 
(i) 
all of the Issuer’s rights to receive payment of any amounts which may become 
payable to it pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement or with respect to 
such Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(ii) 
all amounts due, payable and properly received by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement;

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
(iii) 
all the Issuer’s rights to serve notices and/or make demands pursuant to such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies and/or to take such steps as are 
required to cause payments to become due and payable thereunder or with respect 
to such Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(iv) 
all of the Issuer’s rights of action in respect of any breach of such Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it so applies; and 
(v) 
all of the Issuer’s rights to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect of such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
“Qualified Purchaser” means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company Act; 
“Redemption” means the redemption of Commodity Securities by the Issuer in accordance with 
these Conditions (and “Redeem” and “Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Account” means a bank account to receive payments of the Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Redemption of Commodity Securities (and matching Commodity Contracts), 
which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing by the Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer, each Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Trustee from time 
to time; 
(b) 
for a Compulsory Redemption or where there are no Authorised Participants, the bank 
account of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the Security Holders or of the Trustee for 
the benefit of such Security Holders; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form; 
“Redemption Amount” means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the 
Redemption of Commodity Securities, as may be reduced for any withholdings or deductions for 
or on account of tax as set out in Condition 9.5; 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of Commodity 
Securities in accordance with Condition 10; 
“Redemption Form” means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption Form in 
the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance with these Conditions, as 
the case may be; 
“Redemption Limits” means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 7.6; 
“Redemption Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form, the second 
London Business Day following the Pricing Date of that Redemption; provided that if either 
that day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then 
the Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that 
would have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, the London 
Business Day specified for such payment in that form; provided that the date so specified 
shall be not earlier than one London Business Day following the day upon which that form 
was deemed to have been received by the Issuer; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure, the second London 
Business Day following the relevant Listing Failure Date; provided that if either that day or 
the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso, or such other Business Day 
as may be agreed by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised 
Participant who submitted the relevant Redemption Form; or

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(d) 
in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date, 
the London Business Day which is the second London Business Day following the last 
Pricing Date on which the Price of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities being 
Redeemed was determined in accordance with these Conditions; provided that if either that 
day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; 
“Registers” means the registers of Security Holders of each class of Commodity Securities kept 
and maintained by the Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Registrar” means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as 
may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers; 
“Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including 
any modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being 
in force which, inter alia, enable title to Commodity Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by 
a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument; 
“Relevant Currency” means, in relation to any Commodity Security, the currency in which that 
Commodity Security is denominated being: 
(a) 
in the case of an Australian Dollar Commodity Security, Australian Dollars; 
(b) 
in the case of a Euro Commodity Security, Euro; and 
(c) 
in the case of a Sterling Commodity Security, Sterling; 
“Relevant Exchange” means: 
(a) 
for each Individual Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding 
thereto, the futures exchange on which is traded the futures contract by reference to the 
prices of which that Unhedged Commodity Index is calculated; 
(b) 
in relation to a commodity comprised in an Unhedged Commodity Index, the futures 
exchange on which is traded the futures contract for that commodity the Settlement Price 
of which is included in the calculation of that Unhedged Commodity Index; and 
(c) 
in relation to a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation 
of an Unhedged Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which that futures contract is 
traded; 
“Relevant Market” means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the market conducted on the Relevant 
Exchange for the futures contracts by reference to which the Corresponding Unhedged 
Commodity Index is calculated, 
(b) 
in respect of an Unhedged Individual Commodity Index, the market conducted on the 
Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts by reference to which that Unhedged 
Individual Commodity Index is calculated; and 
(c) 
in relation to a commodity comprised in an Unhedged Commodity Index, the market 
conducted on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contract for that commodity the 
Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of that Unhedged Commodity Index; 
“Required Security Document” means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty requires the Issuer to execute over the Property to be Assigned in favour of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty as security for the Secured Obligations (which may 
include, but shall not be limited to, a Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or proposed Authorised Participant) or of the branch 
through which such person is acting for the purposes of such Authorised Participant Agreement 
(as the case may be);

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
“RIS” means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) 
from time to time chosen by the Issuer; 
“Secured Obligations” means: 
(a) 
all present and future obligations (which, for the avoidance of doubt, are all limited recourse 
obligations) of the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty on account of 
Creation Amounts and interest thereon; and 
(b) 
all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and expenses sustained, suffered or 
incurred by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty arising out of or in connection 
with any act, matter or thing done or omitted to be done by the Issuer under the Facility 
Agreement or the Security Assignment or any other Required Security Document; 
“Secured Property” means (in respect of Commodity Securities of any class) all rights of the 
Issuer under the corresponding Facility Agreement(s), Commodity Contracts, any Security 
Agreement and any Guarantee, in each case to the extent that they apply to payments due in 
respect of Commodity Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and which are subject to the 
security created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed as it applies in respect of 
such class; 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States; 
“Security Agreement” means in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement supplemental to, or 
supporting the obligations of the Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant to, (inter alia) that 
Facility Agreement, such security agreement, and includes such an agreement (the “MLI Security 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and such an agreement (the “CGML Security 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
“Security Agreement Event” means, in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a 
party with the Issuer to a Security Agreement, the occurrence of any event by which the security 
under such Security Agreement becomes enforceable; 
“Security Assignment” means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and each 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment (if any) pertaining to that Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it applies in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty entered 
into between the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and securing the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer to that Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
“Security Conditions” means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, to the extent required pursuant to the Facility Agreement to 
which that Commodity Contract Counterparty is a party, that (a) each Required Security 
Document with respect to the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Commodity 
Contract Counterparty has been duly executed by the Issuer, (b) notice (duly executed by the 
Issuer) of each such Required Security Document has been duly given by the Issuer to such 
proposed Authorised Participant and (c) such proposed Authorised Participant has executed an 
acknowledgement of such notice in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
“Security Deed” means the Security Deed dated on or about the date of the Trust Instrument 
between the Issuer and the Trustee and, in respect of each Pool to which a class of Commodity 
Securities is attributable and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts, the same as it 
applies to that Pool; 
“Security Holder” means a registered holder of Commodity Securities; 
“Settlement Failure” means, in respect of a Redemption where the Security Holder has delivered 
the Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method agreed with 
the Issuer), a failure by the Issuer to pay or to procure the payment of the whole of a Redemption 
Amount into the relevant Redemption Account on a Redemption Payment Date; 
“Settlement Failure Date” means, in relation to a Settlement Failure, the date on which such 
Settlement Failure occurred;

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
“Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate” in respect of a class of Commodity Securities 
denominated in a Currency and any day, means the BFIX Rate for that Currency and that day, 
provided that if for any reason such BFIX Rate is not available, the Settlement Foreign Exchange 
Rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Facility 
Agreements; 
“Settlement Price” means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded on a 
Relevant Exchange, the official settlement price of the Relevant Exchange for such day in relation 
to such futures contract as determined in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant 
Exchange; 
“Settlement Pricing” has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(a); 
“Settlement Redemption Form” means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the 
Issuer for requesting Redemption of Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing; 
“Sterling” or “Pound Sterling” or “GBP” or “£” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom 
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“Sterling Classic Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Sterling Classic Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Sterling Classic Security” means a Sterling Classic Individual Security or a Sterling Classic 
Index Security; 
“Sterling Commodity Security” means a Sterling Individual Security or a Sterling Index Security; 
“Sterling Index Security” means a Sterling Classic Index Security or a Sterling Longer Dated 
Index Security; 
“Sterling Individual Security” means a Sterling Classic Individual Security or a Sterling Longer 
Dated Individual Security; 
“Sterling Longer Dated Index Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified as 
such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
“Sterling Longer Dated Individual Security” means a Commodity Security of a class specified 
as such in Schedule 6 (Classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) to the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Sterling Longer Dated Security” means a Sterling Longer Dated Individual Security or a 
Sterling Longer Dated Index Security; 
“tax” means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and services tax, 
withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration and other duties, bank accounts debits 
tax, import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties 
and charges imposed or levied by a government or government agency; 
“Theoretical Hedge Position” means in respect of a particular futures contract, the number 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.7; 
“Trading Day” means: 
(a) 
for an Individual Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding 
thereto, a day on which the Relevant Exchange for that Unhedged Commodity Index is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Relevant 
Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
for a Composite Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding 
thereto, a day on which all the Relevant Exchanges for each commodity comprised in that 
Unhedged Commodity Index are open for trading during their regular trading session,

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
notwithstanding any of such Relevant Exchanges closing prior to their scheduled closing 
time; 
(c) 
for a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of an 
Unhedged Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant Exchange for that futures 
contract is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
Relevant Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(d) 
for a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index or the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding thereto (or class of Commodity Securities), a Trading Day (pursuant to sub- 
paragraph (c) above) for a futures contract in respect of that commodity the Settlement 
Price for which is included in the calculation of that Unhedged Commodity Index (or the 
Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index relating to that class 
of Commodity Securities); 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, 
London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
“Trustee Consent Documents” means each Facility Agreement (but excluding the schedules to 
that Facility Agreement, save schedules 1, 11 and 12), Commodity Contracts created thereunder, 
any Guarantee and any Security Agreement (but excluding the definitions of “Eligible Collateral”, 
“Issuer Concentration Limit”, “Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” therein and 
excluding the Collateral Schedule as defined therein); 
“Trust Instrument” means the trust instrument dated 23 February 2012, between the Issuer and 
the Trustee constituting Commodity Securities, and includes the schedules thereto and these 
Conditions; 
“UBS Securities” means UBS Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company whose 
principal place of business is at 677 Washington Boulevard, Stamford, Connecticut 06901, United 
States and includes its successors; 
“UK” or “United Kingdom” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“UK Listing Authority” means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes 
of Part VI of the FSMA or any successor enactment; 
“Unacceptable Authorised Participant” means, in respect of a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, an Authorised Participant in respect of which the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice under that Commodity Contract Counterparty’s 
Facility Agreement that the Authorised Participant is to be treated as an Unacceptable Authorised 
Participant in respect of that Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
“Uncertificated Form” means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST; 
“Uncertificated Notice of Meeting” means a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction, 
and/or other instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST; 
“Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Index” means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
and each other index for a group of commodities (which may change from time to time with respect 
to such index), as calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with 
the Handbook using the methodology of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
“Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index” means an index for an individual commodity, 
as calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the Handbook 
using the methodology of Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
“Unhedged Commodity Index” means an Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity Index, an 
Unhedged Classic Composite Commodity Index, an Unhedged Longer Dated Individual 
Commodity Index or an Unhedged Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index; 
“Unhedged Composite Commodity Index” means an Unhedged Classic Composite 
Commodity Index or an Unhedged Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
“Unhedged Individual Commodity Index” means an Unhedged Classic Individual Commodity 
Index or an Unhedged Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index; 
“Unhedged Longer Dated Composite Commodity Index” means the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index 3 Month ForwardSM and each other index for a group of commodities (which may change 
from time to time with respect to such index), as calculated and published by Bloomberg from 
time to time in accordance with the Handbook using the methodology of the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM; 
“Unhedged Longer Dated Individual Commodity Index” means an index for an individual 
commodity, as calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to time in accordance with the 
Handbook using the methodology of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM; 
“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, 
any state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” means the lawful currency of the United States; 
“US Person” means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
“VAT” means value added tax; 
1.2 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted 
for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Words in the masculine gender shall also include the feminine gender and vice versa. 
(e) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference 
to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, 
varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(f) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to 
local time in London, England. 
(g) 
All references in these Conditions to any statute or any provision of any statute shall be 
deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or re enactment thereof or any statutory 
instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or re 
enactment, and in relation to any provision of European Union law, includes such provision 
as incorporated or reincorporated into English law and any statutory modification or re- 
enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or 
under any such modification or re-enactment. 
 
2. 
STATUS OF COMMODITY SECURITIES 
Commodity Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations of the Issuer 
secured as set out in Condition 3. The Commodity Securities of each class rank pari passu among 
themselves. 
 
3. 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Commodity Securities are secured 
pursuant to the Security Deed by a first ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee for the 
Security Holders over, and by an assignment by way of security of, all the Issuer’s rights in relation 
to the Secured Property of that class.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
3.2 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Commodity Securities shall have recourse 
only to sums derived from the Secured Property relating to the relevant Pool. If, the Trustee (or 
any other secured party) having realised the same, the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer 
to make all payments which, but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due, the obligations 
of the Issuer will be limited to such net proceeds of realisation, neither the Trustee nor any person 
acting on its behalf shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any 
further sums and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such 
further sum. In particular, neither the Trustee nor any Security Holder shall be entitled to institute, 
nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any bankruptcy, suspension of 
payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, re-organisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law (whether court 
based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager 
pursuant to the Security Deed) for two years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference 
period or similar period (howsoever described) ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of 
which transactions entered into by the Issuer within such period may be subject to challenge under 
applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day after the date on which all amounts 
payable under the last outstanding security of any class issued by the Issuer and constituted by 
the Trust Instrument are repaid, nor shall they have any claim in respect of any sum arising in 
respect of the Secured Property for any other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer. 
 
4. 
FORM AND TRANSFER 
4.1 
Commodity Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
4.2 
Commodity Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form by means of CREST 
in accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent of Security Holders, 
concur with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in order 
to reflect changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding 
or transfer of Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form. A Security Holder may request that 
his Commodity Securities be held in Certificated Form, in which case such Commodity Securities 
shall be removed from CREST. 
4.3 
The Issuer shall at all times keep at its registered office, or at such other place in Jersey as the 
Trustee may agree, Registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent transfers and 
changes of ownership of all outstanding Commodity Securities and the names and addresses of 
the Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the Security 
Holders or any of them and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty at all 
reasonable times during office hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies 
of, or extracts from, the same or any part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene 
a meeting of or to give any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free 
of charge) with such copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require. The Registers 
may be closed by the Issuer for such periods and at such times (not exceeding in the whole 30 
days in any one year) as it may think fit. 
4.4 
The Issuer, the Trustee and, to the extent relevant, each Security Holder, by accepting a 
Commodity Security, agrees to treat the Commodity Securities as equity interests in the Issuer 
for all U.S. federal tax purposes. 
 
5. 
PRICE OF COMMODITY SECURITIES 
5.1 
The Price for the first Commodity Security of a particular class to be issued (which shall be treated 
as being the Price for the day on which the Creation Notice (as defined in the Facility Agreement) 
for the corresponding Commodity Contract is received or deemed received by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty pursuant to the Facility Agreement) shall be: 
(a) 
in the case of Australian Dollar Commodity Securities, A$10.0000000; 
(b) 
in the case of Euro Commodity Securities, €10.0000000; and 
(c) 
in the case of Sterling Commodity Securities, £10.0000000.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
5.2 
Subject to Condition 5.1, the Price for a Commodity Security of each class shall be calculated on 
each calendar day in accordance with Condition 5.3 below, save that: 
(a) 
an Indicative Price for a Commodity Security of any class shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5.5 for any calendar day which is (i) a Commodity Market Disruption Day for 
Commodity Securities of that class; (ii) a day (not being a Pricing Day for that class) where 
the preceding day, which is both a General Trading Day and a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index applicable to that class, was a Market Disruption Day for Commodity 
Securities of that class; or (iii) a FX Market Disruption Day for Commodity Securities of that 
class, and, subject to paragraph (c) below, on each such day no Price shall be calculated 
for the Commodity Securities of that class; 
(b) 
in relation to a Commodity Security of any class, for a Pricing Day for that class where the 
preceding day which is both a General Trading Day and a Trading Day for the Commodity 
Index applicable to that class was a Market Disruption Day for Commodity Securities of 
that class, the Price for such day shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.6 
below; 
(c) 
upon a Settlement Redemption Form being deemed received in relation to a class of 
Commodity Security on a Trading Day for the Commodity Index applicable to that class 
which is a General Trading Day but not a Pricing Day or a FX Market Disruption Day for 
such class then a Price shall be determined for that class in accordance with Condition 5.8 
solely for the purposes of the Redemption pursuant to that Settlement Redemption Form 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, that Price shall not be considered a Price for any other 
purpose under this Condition 5). 
 
Pricing 
5.3 
Subject to Condition 5.1, Condition 5.2 and 5.4, the Price of a Commodity Security of a particular 
class for each calendar day will be an amount (which may not be negative) expressed in the 
Relevant Currency and determined using the relevant Commodity Index for that class by the 
following formula (calculated to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
Pi,t = Pi,t–1 X ( 
where: 
Ii,t 
Ii,t–1 
+ CAi,t) 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1  is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Ii,t is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index to which  Commodity Securities 
of class i relate for day t, provided that if day t is not a Pricing Day for Commodity Securities 
of class i, then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; 
Ii,t-1 is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate for day t-1; and 
CAi,t is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class i and for day t, 
expressed as a decimal. 
5.4 
For any class of Commodity Securities, if day t-1 is not a Pricing Day for that class and was not a 
Market Disruption Day in respect of that class then Ii,t-1 shall be the Closing Settlement Price 
Level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Commodity Security of class i on the last day 
preceding day t-1 which is both a General Trading Day and a Trading Day for that Commodity 
Index.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Ii,t–1 
Indicative Pricing during Market Disruptions 
5.5 
For a Commodity Security of any class, if day t is a day which is either (a) a Commodity Market 
Disruption Day for that class; (b) a calendar day (not being a Pricing Day for that class) and the 
day, which is both a General Trading Day and a Trading Day for the Commodity Index applicable 
to a Commodity Security of that class, preceding day t was a Market Disruption Day for that class; 
or (c) a FX Market Disruption Day for that class, then the Indicative Price of such Commodity 
Security shall be as follows: 
 
Calculation of Indicative Price on an initial Market Disruption Day that is a Commodity Market 
Disruption Day 
(a) 
on a day which is not a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of that class but which is a 
Commodity Market Disruption Day for the Commodity Index applicable to that class and 
where the preceding day which is both a General Trading Day and a Trading Day for that 
Commodity Index was also a Pricing Day for that class (such Commodity Market Disruption 
Day being “Commodity Market Disruption Day 1”), the Indicative Price of a Commodity 
Security of such class shall be determined in accordance with the following formula 
(calculated to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
IPi,t = Pi,t–1 X ( 
Ii,t + CAi,t) 
where: 
IPi,t 
is the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1 is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day (t=1 being Commodity Market Disruption   Day 
1); 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Ii,t is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index applicable to  Commodity 
Securities of class i for day t, provided that if no Closing Settlement Price Level is 
published in respect of day t, then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; 
Ii,t-1 is the Closing Settlement Price Level of the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate for day t-1, provided that if day t-1 is not a Pricing Day for 
Commodity Securities of class i, then Ii,t-1 shall be the Closing Settlement Price 
Level of the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate on the 
immediately preceding Pricing Day; and 
CAi,t is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class i and for day t, 
expressed as a decimal; 
 
Calculation of Indicative Price on any other calendar day that is not a FX Market Disruption 
Day 
(b) 
on any calendar day (other than a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of the relevant class 
of Commodity Security) not falling within sub-paragraph (a) above for which an Indicative 
Price in respect of a class of Commodity Securities is required to be calculated hereunder, 
the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of that class shall be determined in 
accordance with the following formula (calculated to seven places of decimals with 
0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
𝐼𝑃௜,௧ൌ𝐼𝑃௜,௧ିଵൈ ൫1 ൅𝐶𝐴௜,௧൯൅ቌ෍෍𝐻𝑃௜,௧ିଵ,௝
௨
ଶ
୨ୀଵ
୒େ
୳ୀଵ
ൈቆ
WAV୲,୨
୳
CIM୲,୨
୳െ
WAV୲ିଵ,୨
௨
CIM୲ିଵ,୨
୳
ቇൈ
1
𝐹𝑋௜,௧
ቍ

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
where: 
IPi,t        is the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
IPi,t-1    is the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t-1 (calculated   for 
t-1 in the same manner as for day t in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) or this 
sub-paragraph (b)); 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to t, provided that if the preceding General Trading 
Day which is a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate was a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of 
Commodity Securities of class i, then t-1 means nfm; 
nfm     means the immediately preceding General Trading Day which is a Trading Day   for 
the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate that was not 
a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of Commodity Securities of class i; 
CAi,t     is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class i on day t, 
provided that if the preceding General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate was a FX Market 
Disruption Day in respect of Commodity Securities of class i, then CAi,t shall 
mean: 
t 
∑ CAi,Г 
Г = nfm +1 
 
where: 
CAi,Γ is the Capital Adjustment applicable to a Commodity Security of class i for 
day Γ; 
Γ 
(Gamma) represents each calendar day from but excluding nfm until and 
including t; 
NC    means the total number of commodities in the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i 
relate; 
u 
is a commodity the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used 
in calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate; 
j 
in relation to a commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where 
j=1 it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
HPi
u,t-1,j  is the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in respect 
of Commodity Securities of class i on day t-1 calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5.7, provided that where day t-1 is not both a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate and a General 
Trading Day, then it shall be the Theoretical Hedge Position for such futures 
contract on the first day preceding day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for such 
Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; 
WAVt
u,j    means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t used for 
calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate, calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that where day t is not both a Trading Day for that 
Commodity Index and a General Trading Day, then it shall be equal to WAVt-
u1,j;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
WAVt-
u1,j means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t-1 used 
for calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate, calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that (i) where day t-1 is not both a Trading Day for 
that Commodity Index and a General Trading Day, then it shall be the weighted 
value for such futures contract on the first day preceding day t-1 which is both a 
Trading Day for that Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; or (ii) where 
day t-1 is a day falling within the definition of Commodity Market Disruption Day 1 
in Condition 5.5(a) and on which no Closing Settlement Price Level is published for 
that Commodity Index, then it shall be the weighted value for such futures contract 
on the first day prior to day t-1 on which a Closing Settlement Price Level is 
published for that Commodity Index; 
CIMt
u,j   means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t for futures contract j of commodity u, provided that where day t is 
not both a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate and a General Trading Day, then it shall be equal to CIMt
u-1,j; 
CIMt
u-1,j  means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t-1 for futures contract j of commodity u, provided that where day t-1 
is not both a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate and a General Trading Day, then it shall be equal to the Commodity 
Index Multiplier (as so defined) for such futures contract on the first day preceding 
day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for that Commodity Index and a General 
Trading Day; and 
FXi,t      means the Foreign Exchange Rate for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate on day t; 
 
Calculation of Indicative Price on a FX Market Disruption Day 
(c) 
on a day which is a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of a class of Commodity Securities, 
then the Indicative Price of any Commodity Security of such class on day t shall be equal to 
the Price or Indicative Price (whichever is the most recent) calculated in respect of such 
class on the immediately preceding day that was not a FX Market Disruption Day in respect 
of such class of Commodity Securities; and 
 
Cessation of calculation of Indicative Price 
(d) 
the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of any class shall cease to be calculated 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (c) above on the first day following the occurrence of the 
relevant Market Disruption Event(s) which both (i) is not a Market Disruption Day in respect 
of such class, and (ii) is a Pricing Day for that class, and the Price on such Pricing Day shall 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.6. 
 
Pricing after Market Disruption Events 
5.6 
For a Commodity Security of any class, if day t is a Pricing Day in respect of such class and the 
preceding General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the Commodity Index applicable to 
that class was a Market Disruption Day in respect of such class, then the Price of such Commodity 
Security shall be determined in accordance with the following formula (calculated to seven places 
of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
𝑃௜,௧ൌ𝐼𝑃௜,௧ିଵൈ ൫1 ൅𝐶𝐴௜,௧൯൅ቌ෍෍𝐻𝑃௜,௧ିଵ,௝
௨
ଶ
୨ୀଵ
୒େ
୳ୀଵ
ൈቆ
WAV୲,୨
୳
CIM୲,୨
୳െ
WAV୲ିଵ,୨
௨
CIM୲ିଵ,୨
୳
ቇൈ
1
𝐹𝑋௜,௧
ቍ 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
IPi,t-1 
is the Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t-1;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t, provided that if the preceding General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate was a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of Commodity 
Securities of class i, then t-1 means nfm; 
nfm 
means the immediately preceding General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for 
the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate that was not a 
FX Market Disruption Day in respect of Commodity Securities of class i; 
CAi,t 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class i on day t, 
provided that if the preceding General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate was a FX Market 
Disruption Day in respect of Commodity Securities of class i, then CAi,t shall mean: 
t 
∑ 
Г = nfm +1 
where: 
CAi,Г 
CAi,Γ is the Capital Adjustment applicable to a Commodity Security of class i for 
day Γ; 
Γ 
(Gamma) represents each calendar day from but excluding nfm until and 
including t; 
NC 
means the total number of commodities in the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i 
relate; 
HPi
u,t-1,j        means  the  Theoretical  Hedge  Position  for  futures  contract  j  of  commodity  u  in 
respect of Commodity Securities of class i on day t-1 calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5.7, provided that, where day t-1 is not both a Trading Day for the 
Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate and a General 
Trading Day, then it shall be the Theoretical Hedge Position for such futures contract 
on the first day preceding day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for the relevant 
Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; 
u 
is a commodity the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used in 
calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index 
to which Commodity Securities of class i relates; 
j 
in relation to a commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where j=1 
it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
WAVt
u,j        means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t used for 
calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index 
to which Commodity Securities of class i relate, calculated in accordance with the 
Handbook; 
WAVt-
u1,j       means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t-1 used for 
calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index 
to which Commodity Securities of class i relate, calculated in accordance with the 
Handbook, provided that (i) where day t-1 is not both a Trading Day for that 
Commodity Index and a General Trading Day, then it shall be the weighted value for 
such futures contract on the first day preceding day t-1 which is both a Trading Day 
for that Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; or (ii) where day t-1 is a day 
falling within the definition of Commodity Market Disruption Day 1 in Condition 5.5(a) 
and on which no Closing Settlement Price Level is published for that Commodity

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Index, then it shall be the weighted value for such futures contract on the first day 
prior to day t-1 on which a Closing Settlement Price Level is published for that 
Commodity Index; 
CIMt
u,j 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t for futures contract j of commodity u; 
CIMt
u-1,j        means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t-1 for futures contract j of commodity u, provided that, where day t-1 is 
not a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class 
i relate but where day t-1 is a General Trading Day then it shall be equal to the 
Commodity Index Multiplier (as so defined) for such futures contract on the first day 
preceding day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for that Commodity Index and a 
General Trading Day; and 
FXi,t 
means the Foreign Exchange Rate for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate on day t. 
 
Theoretical Hedge Position 
5.7 
In these Conditions, the “Theoretical Hedge Position” in respect of a particular futures contract 
and commodity shall be as follows: 
Theoretical Hedge Position for a particular futures contract and commodity on a Pricing Day 
(a) 
the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in respect of a 
Commodity Security of class i on day t on any day which is a Pricing Day for Commodity 
Securities of such class (or, for the purposes of paragraph (b)(ii), on any other calendar day 
in respect of which it is required to be calculated for such purposes) shall be the number 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐻𝑃௜,௧,௝
௨
ൌ𝑃௜,௧ൈ 𝐹𝑋௜,௧ൈ
CIM୲,୨
୳ൈRW୲,୨
୳
∑
∑
𝑊𝐴𝑉௧,௞
௩ൈRW୲,୩
୴
ଶ
୩ୀଵ
୒େ
୴ୀଵ
 
 
where: 
 
HPi
u,t,j 
means  the  theoretical  Hedge  Position  for  futures  contract  j  of  commodity  u  in 
respect of a Commodity Security of class i on day t; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
j 
means in relation to commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and 
where j=1 it is a Lead Future and j=2 it is Next Future; 
u 
is a commodity, the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used 
in calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate; 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i on day t; 
FXi,t 
means the Foreign Exchange Rate for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate on day t; 
CIMt
u,j 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t for futures contract j of commodity u; 
RWt
u,j  means the roll weight applicable to futures contract j on day t in respect of 
commodity u, being a value of either 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8 or 1 as determined in 
accordance with the Handbook, to be used in the calculation of the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Securities of class i relate on the following Trading Day for the relevant 
Commodity Index; 
RWt
v,k     means  the  roll  weight  applicable  to  futures  contract  k  on  day  t  in  respect  of 
commodity v, being a value of either 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8 or 1 as determined in 
accordance with the Handbook, to be used in the calculation of the Unhedged 
Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate on the following Trading Day for the relevant Commodity 
Index; 
NC     means the total number of commodities in the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index applicable to Commodity Securities of 
class i; 
v 
means each commodity in the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the 
Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate; 
k 
means in relation to commodity v, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and 
where k=1 it is a Lead Future and k=2 it is a Next Future; and 
WAVt,
vk   means the weighted value for futures contract k of commodity v on day t used for 
calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity 
Index to which Commodity Securities of class i relate; and 
 
Theoretical Hedge Position on a Commodity Market Disruption Day 
(b) 
the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in respect of a 
Commodity Security of class i on day t on any day which is a Commodity Market Disruption 
Day in respect of such class of Commodity Securities: 
(i) 
(in the case of a class of Commodity Securities to which a Composite Commodity 
Index applies) for those commodities for which such day is not a Commodity Market 
Disruption Day, shall be the number calculated using the formula set out in paragraph 
(a) above, save that the value Pi,t shall be replaced with the value of IPi,t being the 
Indicative Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5.5 above; and 
(ii) 
for those commodities for which such day is a Commodity Market Disruption Day 
shall be the number determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐻𝑃௜,௧,௝
௨
ൌ𝐻𝑃௜,௧ିଵ,௝
௨
 
 
where: 
HPi,
ut,j  means the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in 
respect of a Commodity Security of class i on day t; and 
HPi,
ut-1,jmeans the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u 
in respect of a Commodity Security of class i on day t-1, save that when day 
t-1 is not both a Trading Day for the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate and a General Trading Day, then it shall be the 
Theoretical Hedge Position for such futures contract on the first day 
preceding day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for the relevant Commodity 
Index and a General Trading Day. 
 
Redemptions during Market Disruption Days 
5.8 
If day t is a Commodity Market Disruption Day but not a FX Market Disruption Day for the 
Commodity Index relating to a Commodity Security of any class, then paragraphs (b) and (c) of 
Condition 7.11 shall apply in respect of the Redemption of a Commodity Security of that class. 
5.9 
No Redemptions of a particular class of Commodity Securities may occur on day t if day t is a FX 
Market Disruption Day in respect of such class of Commodity Securities.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Publication of Prices 
5.10 The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Instrument to use its reasonable endeavours to procure 
that the Prices for all types of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are calculated as at the 
end of each Pricing Day for each type of Commodity Securities, to procure that any Indicative 
Prices are calculated as at the end of each day when required hereunder and to post its 
calculations of such Prices and any Indicative Prices on the Issuer’s Website at 
http://www.etfsecurities.com/hcsl. 
 
6. 
CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT 
The calculation of the Price at which Commodity Securities may be Redeemed includes the 
Capital Adjustment for each day on which the Price is calculated. The Capital Adjustment in 
respect of each class of Commodity Security shall be as agreed from time to time between the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. 
7. 
REDEMPTION OF COMMODITY SECURITIES BY SECURITY HOLDERS 
Redemption Entitlement 
7.1 
Each Commodity Security of a particular class carries the right on Redemption to payment of 
either: 
(a) 
the higher of (i) the Principal Amount for that class, and (ii) the Price of that Commodity 
Security on the applicable Pricing Day determined in accordance with Condition 5 
(“Settlement Pricing”); or 
(b) 
where applicable, an amount determined by agreement between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and a Security Holder which is an Authorised Participant in accordance with 
Condition 7.15 (“Agreed Pricing”). 
 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
7.2 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require 
the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Commodity Securities by lodging with the Issuer 
a Redemption Form specifying either Settlement Pricing or Agreed Pricing provided that if at any 
time a Redemption Amount is due to be paid by the Issuer in respect of a Redemption to a 
particular Authorised Participant, the amount payable by the Issuer may be discharged in whole 
or in part pursuant to the set-off provisions set out in the Authorised Participant Agreement.      A 
Settlement Redemption Form may in addition be deemed to have been lodged by an Authorised 
Participant with the Issuer on a Listing Failure Date in the circumstances further described in the 
applicable Authorised Participant Agreement. 
 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
7.3 
A Security Holder which is not also an Authorised Participant may only require the Issuer to 
Redeem all or any part of its holding of Commodity Securities if either: 
(a) 
on any Issuer Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder 
submits on such day a valid Settlement Redemption Form; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has announced by an RIS in respect of any Issuer Business Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits on an Issuer Business Day 
a valid notice in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption 
of such Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any Redemption which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Redemption Amount 
7.4 
The Redemption Amount with respect to a Redemption shall be the amount (expressed in      US 
Dollars) determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Redemption is effected using Settlement Pricing, an amount equal to the sum of the 
amounts determined in accordance with Condition 7.1 in respect of all of the Commodity 
Securities thereby Redeemed multiplied by the Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate for that 
class and the Pricing Date in respect of that Redemption; or 
(b) 
if the Redemption is pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form in which an amount 
expressed in US Dollars is specified as the Redemption Amount, such amount; or 
(c) 
if the Redemption is pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form in which an amount in the 
Relevant Currency is specified, an amount in US Dollars determined in the same manner 
(mutatis mutandis) as in paragraph (a) save substituting such amount in the Relevant 
Currency for the sum of the amounts determined in accordance with Condition 7.1(a) in 
respect of all the Commodity Securities thereby Redeemed. 
7.5 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Payment Date in respect of any Redemption pay (or procure 
the payment of) the Redemption Amount in respect of that Redemption into the applicable 
Redemption Account. 
 
Redemption Limits 
7.6 
Commodity Securities of a particular class or classes may not be Redeemed on a day pursuant 
to a Settlement Redemption Form: 
(a) 
submitted by any Security Holder (including any Authorised Participant), to the extent that 
the cancellation of Commodity Contracts corresponding to the Redemption of all 
Commodity Securities of that class or those classes which are Redeemed on that day would 
exceed the sum of the Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limits applicable to 
such cancellation on that day (such limit being the “Redemption Limit” for that class or 
those classes of Commodity Securities); or 
(b) 
submitted by any Authorised Participant, to the extent that the cancellation of Commodity 
Contracts corresponding to the Redemption of all Commodity Securities which are 
Redeemed on that day pursuant to Settlement Redemption Forms submitted by that 
Authorised Participant would exceed the sum of the Commodity Contract Counterparty 
Redemption Limits applicable to such cancellation on that day in respect only of those 
Commodity Contract Counterparties for which that Authorised Participant is an Authorised 
Participant (such limit being the “Authorised Participant Redemption Limit” for that class 
of Commodity Securities and that Authorised Participant). 
For the purposes of this Condition, the “Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limit” 
with respect to a class or classes of Commodity Securities (or in relation to any class or classes 
of Commodity Securities any commodities the Settlement Price of futures contracts relating to 
which are included in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index relating 
to that class or those classes of Commodity Securities) and a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
is the amount expressed in US Dollars agreed between the Issuer and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty as the redemption limit in respect of the corresponding class or classes of 
Commodity Contracts (or the commodities the Settlement Price of futures contracts relating to 
which are included in the calculation of the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index relating 
to that class or those classes of Commodity Contracts). 
7.7 
For the purposes of the Redemption Limits, Redemption Forms will be dealt with in order of their 
actual receipt by the Issuer and, for the purpose of this Condition, Condition 7.12 shall be 
disregarded.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Settlement Pricing 
7.8 
A Settlement Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it does not specify a number and class of Commodity Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
[not used]; 
(c) 
for a Settlement Redemption Form lodged by an Authorised Participant, if it is received by 
the Issuer at any time other than between 8.00 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. on an Issuer Business 
Day; 
(d) 
if it does not specify the Redemption Account into which the Redemption Amount shall be 
payable; 
(e) 
to the extent that the number of Commodity Securities of that class or in aggregate to be 
Redeemed would result in a Redemption Limit being exceeded, and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty does (or Commodity Contract Counterparties do) not 
agree or has (or have) not agreed (generally or in the particular case) to that Redemption 
Limit being exceeded (in which event such Settlement Redemption Form will not be 
capable of being invalidated under this Condition 7.8(e) in respect of the greatest number 
of Commodity Securities of the relevant class or classes that would not result in the 
Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(f) 
if the Settlement Redemption Form is submitted by an Authorised Participant, and the 
number of Commodity Securities of that class or in aggregate to be Redeemed would result 
in an Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such 
Settlement Redemption Form shall not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 
7.8(f) in respect of the greatest number of Commodity Securities of the relevant class that 
would not result in the Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(g) 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given, if the Settlement 
Redemption Form is received or deemed received on or after: 
(i) 
where notice has been given under Condition 8.2 or (either following the giving of 
notice by the Issuer to nominate a compulsory pricing date under a Facility 
Agreement following a Counterparty Event of Default or the giving of notice by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to nominate a compulsory pricing date under its 
Facility Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event (as defined in any applicable 
Guarantee)) under Condition 8.1(a), the date on which notice of the Compulsory 
Redemption Date was given; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(h) 
if it is received or deemed received on or after the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect 
of any class of Commodity Securities, in respect of which notice has been given in 
accordance with Condition 8.5; 
(i) 
if it relates to the Redemption of Commodity Securities that are the subject of a Listing 
Failure; or 
(j) 
if it is invalid pursuant to Condition 7.19(c) or Condition 7.20(c); or 
(k) 
if a FX Restriction Event has occurred and is continuing and any Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has, by 8.00 a.m. on the relevant Issuer Business Day, given notice of that 
FX Restriction Event to the Issuer and each Authorised Participant and has not given notice 
of its cessation, in each case in accordance with the relevant Facility Agreement; or 
(l) 
if the day that such Settlement Redemption Form is received (or deemed received pursuant 
to Condition 7.12) is a FX Market Disruption Day in respect of such class of Commodity 
Securities, 
and, save as provided in Condition 7.8(f), no Commodity Securities of the relevant class shall be 
Redeemed in respect of or under that Settlement Redemption Form.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
7.9 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Settlement Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the 
Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably 
possible. The Issuer shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form 
any Commodity Securities where the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has not 
confirmed a corresponding Commodity Contract Termination in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Facility Agreement. 
7.10 If the Issuer in its absolute discretion considers it necessary or desirable to do so in relation to 
any Settlement Redemption Form for the purpose of arranging (in aggregate) corresponding 
Commodity Contract Terminations in accordance with two or more Facility Agreements or to 
enable such Settlement Redemption Form to be settled in part in accordance with Condition 12 
(Satisfaction of Redemption Forms by Transfer), or both, the Issuer may determine that the 
Settlement Redemption Form be deemed to comprise two or more deemed Settlement 
Redemption Forms, such deemed Settlement Redemption Forms relating to, in aggregate, the 
same numbers and class of Commodity Securities as those to which the original Settlement 
Redemption Form related; and these Conditions shall apply to such deemed Settlement 
Redemption Forms accordingly. If the Issuer determines to exercise its right to deem a Settlement 
Redemption Form to comprise two or more deemed Settlement Redemption Forms it shall notify 
the Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably 
possible. 
7.11 If a Settlement Redemption Form in relation to a class of Commodity Securities is deemed 
received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on an Issuer Business Day (“Day 1”): 
(a) 
if Day 1 is a Pricing Day for the class of Commodity Securities to be Redeemed pursuant 
to that Settlement Redemption Form, all those Commodity Securities will be Priced on Day 
1 (and that day shall be the Pricing Date for such class of Commodity Securities); 
(b) 
if Day 1 is for a particular class of Commodity Securities neither a Pricing Day for such 
class of Commodity Securities nor a Trading Day for any of the commodities by reference 
to the Settlement Prices for which the Corresponding Unhedged Commodity Index relating 
to the class of Commodity Securities to which the Settlement Redemption Form relates is 
calculated, then: 
(i) 
the Security Holder may by written notice to the Issuer, sent before the Notice 
Deadline on the next succeeding Issuer Business Day, cancel the Settlement 
Redemption Form, and where such a Withdrawal Notice is given no Commodity 
Securities shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that Settlement Redemption 
Form; and 
(ii) 
if no notice is issued under Condition 7.11(b)(i) then such Commodity Securities shall 
be Priced in accordance with Condition 7.11(c); 
(c) 
if Day 1 is a Pricing Day for one or more but not all futures contracts by reference to the 
Settlement Price for which the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the 
Commodity Index relating to a Commodity Security of class i relates is calculated (in whole 
or in part) then that Commodity Security will not be Priced until the next General Trading 
Day on which each such futures contract has had one or more Pricing Days (which are not 
FX Market Disruption Days in respect of the Relevant Currency in relation to Commodity 
Securities of class i). In such circumstances or if this Condition 7.11(c) applies pursuant to 
Condition 7.11(b)(ii), the Price of a Commodity Security of that class for a Settlement 
Redemption Form deemed received on Day 1 will be an amount (which may not be 
negative) expressed in the Relevant Currency calculated (to seven places of decimals with 
0.00000005 rounded upwards) in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝑃௜,௧ൌ𝐼𝑃௜,௧ൈ൭1 ൅෍𝐶𝐴௜,Γାଵ
୍୔ୈିଵ
Γୀ୲
൱൅ቌ෍
෍
෍𝐻𝑃௜,ఛ,௝
௪
ଶ
୨ୀଵ
஼௉஽ೢషభ
ఛୀ୲
୒ୈ
୵ୀଵ
ൈቆ
WAVఛାଵ,୨
௪
CIMఛାଵ,୨
୵
െ
WAVఛ,୨
௪
CIMఛ,୨
୵ቇൈ
1
𝐹𝑋௜,ఛାଵ
ቍ

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
where: 
𝑃௜,௧  
is the Price of a Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
𝐼𝑃௜,௧ 
is the Indicative Price (determined in accordance with Condition 5.5) 
of  a  Commodity Security of class i for day t 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day (Day 1); 
IPD 
represents the ‘Index Pricing Day’, which is defined as the day upon 
which the relevant Commodity Security is Priced, being the General 
Trading Day on which each futures contract by reference to the 
Settlement Price for which the relevant Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i is calculated has had at least one Pricing Day (which is not a 
FX Market Disruption Day in respect of the Relevant Currency in 
relation to Commodity Securities of class i) from and including day t; 
IPD-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to IPD; 
𝐶𝐴௜,௰ାଵ 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to Commodity Securities of class 
i on day Γ+1; 
Γ 
(Gamma) represents each calendar day from and including t until and 
including IPD-1; 
 
(Tau) means each calendar day from and including t until and including 
CPDw-1; 
ND 
means the ‘Number of Disrupted commodities’, being defined as the 
number of commodities represented in the Unhedged Commodity 
Index corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity 
Securities of class i relate which are the subject of a Commodity Market 
Disruption Event on Day 1; 
w 
is a commodity the settlement price of a futures contract relating to 
which is used in calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate which is subject to a Commodity Market Disruption 
Event on Day 1; 
CPDw 
represents the ‘Commodity Pricing Day’ which is defined as the first 
calendar day following Day 1 which is a Pricing Day (but not a FX 
Market Disruption Day in respect of the Relevant Currency in relation 
to Commodity Securities of class i) for commodity w; 
𝐶𝑃𝐷௪ିଵ 
refers to the calendar day prior to CPDw; 
j 
in relation to a commodity w, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future 
and where j=1 it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
𝐻𝑃௜,ఛ,௝
௪ 
means the Theoretical Hedge Position (determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.7) for futures contract j of commodity w in respect of 
Commodity Securities of class i on day ; 
WAVఛାଵ,୨
௪
  
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity w on day 
+1 
used 
for 
calculating 
the 
Unhedged 
Commodity 
Index 
corresponding to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities 
of class i relate, calculated in accordance with the Handbook, provided

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
that where day +1 is not a General Trading Day or where day +1 is 
a FX Market Disruption Day, then it shall be equal to WAV w;;  
WAVఛ,୨
௪  
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity w on day 
 used for calculating the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding 
to the Commodity Index to which Commodity Securities of class i 
relate, calculated in accordance with the Handbook, provided that 
where day  is not a General Trading Day or where day  is a FX 
Market Disruption Day, then it shall be the weighted value for such 
futures contract on the General Trading Day preceding day ;  
CIMఛ,୨
୵  
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook 
from time to time) on day  for futures contract j of commodity w, 
provided that where day  is not a General Trading Day or where day 
 is a FX Market Disruption Day, then it shall be equal to the 
Commodity Index Multiplier (as so defined) for such futures contract 
on the first General Trading Day prior to day ; 
CIMఛାଵ,୨
୵
  
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook 
from time to time) on day +1 for futures contract j of commodity w, 
provided that where day +1 is not a General Trading Day or where 
day +1 is a FX Market Disruption Day, then it shall be equal to CIMఛ,୨
୵ 
 
𝐹𝑋௜,ఛାଵ  
means the Foreign Exchange Rate for the Commodity Index to which 
Commodity Securities of class i relate on day +1, provided that where 
day +1 is a FX Market Disruption Day then 𝐹𝑋௜,ఛାଵ  shall be equal to 
1;   
 
(d) 
where Condition 7.11(c) applies, the Pricing Date in respect of the Settlement Redemption 
Form relating to the Commodity Securities concerned will be the next General Trading Day 
after Day 1 on which each futures contract by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
the relevant Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to the Commodity Index to which 
Commodity Securities of the relevant class relate is calculated has had one or more Pricing 
Days (which are not FX Market Disruption Days in respect of the Relevant Currency in 
relation to Commodity Securities of class i); 
(e) 
where Condition 7.11(c) applies: 
(i) 
in relation to a Settlement Redemption Form delivered by an Authorised Participant, 
at any time prior to a Pricing being completed in accordance with Condition 7.11(c) 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised 
Participant may agree a Price and applicable Pricing Date in lieu of that which would 
be determined in accordance with Condition 7.11(c) and notify that Price and 
applicable Pricing Date jointly to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Such joint notification shall be conclusive evidence that the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant 
have agreed a Price and applicable Pricing Date which shall apply in lieu of that 
which would be determined in accordance with Condition 7.11(c); 
(ii) 
if a Price has not been determined in accordance with Condition 7.11(c) or sub- 
paragraph (i) by the end of the fourth General Trading Day following Day 1 then, 
either the relevant Authorised Participant or the Issuer, by notice to the other given in 
the same manner as for a Pricing Notice, may elect that the Price should instead be 
determined in the manner provided in the following sub-paragraphs. Any such notice 
must, to be valid, be given between 8.00 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. (in the case of notice 
given by the relevant Authorised Participant) or 7.00 p.m. (in the case of notice given 
by the Issuer) on an Issuer Business Day. Any such notice which is received by the 
Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant on an Issuer Business Day after the 
Notice Deadline but prior to 6.30 p.m. (in the case of notice given by the relevant

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Authorised Participant) or 7.00 p.m. (in the case of notice given by the Issuer) shall 
be deemed to be received by the Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant (as the 
case may be) at 8.00 a.m. on the following Issuer Business Day, unless the Issuer or 
the relevant Authorised Participant (as the case may be) agrees to treat that 
Settlement Redemption Form as having been received prior to the Notice Deadline 
in which case it shall be deemed to have been received by the Issuer or the relevant 
Authorised Participant (as the case may be) prior to the Notice Deadline. The giving 
of any notice pursuant to this sub-paragraph (ii) shall not prevent the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant from 
agreeing a Price and Pricing Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above in 
which case such Price and applicable Pricing Date shall apply in lieu of that which 
would be determined in accordance with the following sub-paragraphs; 
(iii) 
if a notice is given pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner a Price as at the 
close of business on the Issuer Business Day on which such notice was deemed 
given using the formula set out in Condition 7.11(c) and, for each relevant futures 
contract for which a Commodity Market Disruption Event would (but for this 
paragraph (e)) have prevented the determination of the Price hereunder, a fair 
market value for such futures contract determined using the principles set out in 
Condition 14.3 and shall notify the same to the Issuer, the relevant Authorised 
Participant and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
(iv) 
if by 6.30 p.m. on the Issuer Business Day following notification by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant of any determination 
made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) above either the 
Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant notifies the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty that it requires the appointment of a leading dealer in 
commodity derivatives as substitute calculation agent (a “Substitute Calculation 
Agent”) to determine the fair market values for any futures contract for which a 
Commodity Market Disruption Event would (but for this paragraph (e)) have 
prevented the determination of the Price hereunder in accordance with this 
paragraph and the Price, then (unless agreement is reached otherwise in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above) each of the Issuer, the relevant Authorised 
Participant and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be bound by a determination made by the Substitute Calculation 
Agent of such fair market values and Price. Any Substitute Calculation Agent shall 
be appointed jointly by relevant Authorised Participant and the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty or, at the request of either, by the Issuer. Any Substitute 
Calculation Agent, if it is an Authorised Participant, shall be independent of the 
Creation concerned and shall itself have no similar transactions with the Issuer 
awaiting Pricing in accordance with provisions of its Authorised Participant 
Agreement analogous to Condition 7.11(c). The Issuer shall not be obliged to appoint 
any Substitute Calculation Agent hereunder unless it is indemnified and/or secured 
to its reasonable satisfaction against any liabilities to which it may thereby render 
itself liable. In performing its duties under this paragraph any Substitute Calculation 
Agent shall calculate such fair market values and Price in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and shall calculate such Price as at the close of 
business on the Issuer Business Day on which the notice under sub-paragraph 
(ii) above was deemed given using the formula set out in Condition 7.11(c) and, for 
each relevant futures contract for which a Commodity Market Disruption Event would 
(but for this paragraph (e)) have prevented the determination of the Price hereunder, 
a fair market value for such futures contract using the principles set out in Condition 
14.3 and the applicable reported settlement prices for all other relevant futures 
contracts. The Substitute Calculation Agent shall assume, without enquiry, that any 
determination by the original Calculation Agent as to whether a Commodity Market 
Disruption Event in relation to any futures contract has occurred is correct and shall 
be bound by any such determination. Accordingly the role of the Substitute 
Calculation Agent shall be limited to the determination of the relevant fair market 
values and the Price consequent upon such determinations. The Substitute 
Calculation Agent shall have no liability or responsibility to the parties for any error 
or omission in making any determination in connection with this paragraph.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
7.12 A Settlement Redemption Form which is received by the Issuer on an Issuer Business Day after 
the Notice Deadline but prior to 6.30 p.m. shall be deemed to be received by the Issuer at 
8.00 a.m. on the following Issuer Business Day, unless the Issuer agrees to treat that Settlement 
Redemption Form as having been received prior to the Notice Deadline in which case it shall be 
deemed to have been received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline. 
7.13 Within one Issuer Business Day after the last Pricing Date in respect of any Settlement 
Redemption Form, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Security Holder of the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of that Settlement Redemption Form, determined as provided above. 
7.14 The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Settlement Pricing Forms 
and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions using Settlement Pricing to the 
extent of any such change or variation. 
 
Agreed Pricing 
7.15 A Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant may submit an Agreed 
Redemption Form to the Issuer (either jointly, or in separate notices). An Agreed Redemption 
Form is conclusive evidence that the Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised 
Participant have agreed upon: 
(a) 
the Redemption by the Issuer of a number and class of Commodity Securities specified in 
the notice(s); and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the amount expressed in US Dollars which is the Redemption Amount for those 
Commodity Securities; or 
(ii) 
an amount expressed in the Relevant Currency which when expressed in US Dollars 
in accordance with paragraph (c) of Condition 7.4 will be the Redemption Amount 
for those Commodity Securities. 
7.16 If a Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant purport to send an Agreed 
Redemption Form by separate notices: 
(a) 
which are inconsistent with one another in relation to any of the items referred to in 
Condition 7.18(a), 7.18(b) or 7.18(c); or 
(b) 
one of which is invalid under Condition 7.18, 
those notices shall not constitute a valid Agreed Redemption Form and the Issuer shall reject the 
notices and advise that Commodity Contract Counterparty and that Authorised Participant 
accordingly. 
7.17 Where an Agreed Redemption Form is submitted by separate notices from the Authorised 
Participant and a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer shall be deemed to have received 
the Agreed Redemption Form at the time that it is deemed to receive the second of the two 
notices. 
7.18 An Agreed Redemption Form shall be invalid in the circumstances specified in Condition 7.20(c) 
or if it does not set out: 
(a) 
the number and class of Commodity Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
an amount as specified in paragraph (b) of Condition 7.15(b); and 
(c) 
the Redemption Payment Date for that Redemption, which shall be not earlier than two 
London Business Days following the day on which the Agreed Redemption Form is deemed 
received by the Issuer. 
 
Suspension of Redemptions 
7.19 If the Price of a class of Commodity Security falls below its Principal Amount, the Issuer may at 
any time and from time to time while the Price in relation to such class is below such Principal 
Amount determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class 
pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) and, subject as provided in this Condition 7.19, may terminate any

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
such suspension. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its 
powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to    30 
days, and may continue thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued 
convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the 
purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing 
the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, in which event the suspension will cease 
when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with the 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or 
deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition 
shall be invalid; and 
(d) 
if the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is 
suspended pursuant to this Condition as at 6.30 p.m. on the second Issuer Business Day 
prior to a Compulsory Redemption Date for that class pursuant to Condition 8.6, then 
notwithstanding that a number of Commodity Securities of that class may have been 
specified pursuant to that Condition which is not all of those Commodity Securities, such 
Compulsory Redemption Date shall be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all of the 
Commodity Securities of that class. 
7.20 If the Issuer is considering exercising its power under Condition 18.3 to divide any Pool, or has 
determined to exercise such power, it may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the 
Commodity Securities of the class attributable to such Pool under Condition 7.1(a) and Condition 
7.1(b) and, subject as provided in this Condition 7.20, may terminate any such suspension. The 
following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this 
Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to    30 
days but (without prejudice to Condition 8.4) shall terminate when either the Issuer has 
determined to divide such Pool and such division has become effective or the Issuer has 
announced via an RIS that it has determined not to divide such Pool; and 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form or Agreed 
Redemption Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right 
to Redeem Commodity Securities of that class is suspended pursuant to this Condition 
shall be invalid. 
7.21 If the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer 
pursuant to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in 
connection therewith) that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United 
Kingdom of “Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds” any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation 
Agent of a substitute index value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly 
burdensome, the Issuer may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities 
of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) and, subject as provided in this Condition 7.21, may 
terminate any such suspension at its discretion. The following provisions shall apply where the 
Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 90 
days; and 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or 
deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition 
shall be invalid. 
 
8. 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
8.1 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than seven days’ notice in the case of (a) below and 
upon not less than thirty days’ notice in the case of (b) below) by RIS announcement nominate 
an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Commodity Securities, or all 
Commodity Securities of any one or more class, if: 
(a) 
notice is given by either party thereto terminating a Facility Agreement or nominating a 
compulsory pricing date thereunder in respect of all Commodity Contracts created 
thereunder; or 
(b) 
the Issuer elects to Redeem all Commodity Securities, or all Commodity Securities of any 
one or more class, 
provided that a notice given under paragraph (b) may be withdrawn until the date not later than 
seven days prior to the date nominated to be the Compulsory Redemption Date so long as there 
remains in effect at least one Facility Agreement pursuant to which subsequent to that date 
Commodity Contracts of the same class as such Commodity Securities may be created. 
8.2 
If a Counterparty Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature) of the affected 
Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Security Holders holding affected Commodity Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer 
that all the affected Commodity Securities outstanding are required to be Redeemed and 
nominating an Issuer Business Day falling not less than 20 London Business Days (or two London 
Business Days in the case of an Issuer Insolvency Event) from the giving of such notice to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date, and for this purpose “affected Commodity Securities” means, in 
the context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of a Counterparty Event 
of Default, those Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include 
rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
8.3 
If a Compulsory Redemption Date is nominated by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) in relation 
to any Commodity Securities following notice having been given by the Issuer to terminate a Facility 
Agreement or to nominate a compulsory pricing date thereunder by reason of a Counterparty Event 
of Default and, prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date, the Issuer has either: 
(a) 
determined to divide a Pool to which outstanding Commodity Contracts created under that 
Facility Agreement are attributable by allocating all such Commodity Contracts to the New 
Pool in accordance with Condition 18.3; or 
(b) 
announced by an RIS its intention to do so or that it is considering doing so, 
the Issuer may determine that the Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) shall not apply to the 
Commodity Securities attributable to that Pool but shall apply (mutatis mutandis) to the New 
Commodity Securities attributable to such new Pool and otherwise on the basis of this Condition 
8. If in the case of paragraph (b) such division shall not have become effective within 30 days of 
such announcement, this Condition shall cease to have effect. The Issuer shall give notice of any 
determination made pursuant to this Condition 8.3 via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure 
to give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of its powers hereunder.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
8.4 
If a Facility Agreement has been terminated, or notice of a compulsory pricing date thereunder by 
reason of a Counterparty Event of Default has been given, then no further Redemption Forms in 
respect of Commodity Securities attributable to a Pool to which outstanding Commodity Contracts 
created under that Facility Agreement are attributable, given on or after the date of such 
termination or given or deemed given after the date of such notice shall be effective unless and 
until whichever occurs earlier of: 
(a) 
the Issuer has determined to divide such Pool as referred to in Condition 8.3 and such 
division has become effective; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has announced by an RIS that Redemption Forms given after, or on or after, 
the date specified in such announcement will be effective, the date determined in 
accordance with such announcement. Any such announcement may be general or subject 
to conditions and any Redemption Form which would not be effective in the absence of 
such announcement shall not be effective if it is not in accordance with such conditions. 
 
Compulsory Redemption due to Index Disruption 
8.5 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement 
nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Commodity 
Securities of a particular class if: 
(a) 
a Commodity Index which relates to that class of Commodity Securities is no longer 
calculated and published in accordance with the Handbook and the Calculation Agent gives 
notice to the Issuer under a Facility Agreement of its intent to discontinue calculation and 
notification of that Commodity Index to the Issuer under that Facility Agreement; or 
(b) 
non-calculation or non-publication of a Commodity Index which relates to that class of 
Commodity Securities for any reason continues for a continuous period of thirty days, and 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer are unable to reach agreement on a 
permanent replacement mechanism or amendments to the relevant Facility Agreement to 
give effect to that mechanism. 
8.5 A The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) by RIS announcement 
nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Commodity 
Securities of a particular class if the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class 
pursuant to Condition 7.1(a), is suspended pursuant to Condition 7.21 for at least     30 calendar 
days. 
 
Compulsory Redemption due to Hedging Disruption 
8.6 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement 
nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for a particular class of 
Commodity Securities, if as a consequence of a Hedging Disruption Event a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is required by law or by the order of a regulatory authority 
having jurisdiction to close or reduce hedging positions (if any) which a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty (acting reasonably) attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the 
relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the same class. Any such notice may 
specify a number of Commodity Securities (which may not be all of those Commodity Securities) 
to be redeemed in consequence of such notice and if in relation to any particular class of 
Commodity Securities the Issuer does not redeem all the outstanding Commodity Securities they 
will be redeemed in accordance with Condition 8.12 pro rata to holdings on the relevant Register 
as at the Compulsory Redemption Date. Any nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date by 
the Issuer under this Condition 8.6 in relation to less than all of the Commodity Securities of a 
particular class is subject to Condition 7.19. 
 
Compulsory Redemption on a fall in the Price relative to the Principal Amount 
8.7 
If on any Pricing Day the Price of any class of Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal 
Amount of such Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may at any time, for so long as the Price 
continues to be less than 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Commodity Security and during 
the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than 2 days’ notice by RIS announcement nominate 
an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of that class of

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Commodity Security and subject to Condition 3.2 investors will receive a sum on such Compulsory 
Redemption calculated in accordance with Condition 8.12. The right to nominate an Issuer 
Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date to this Condition 8.7 shall cease if an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed which has the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a 
level less than two-fifths of the Price, but this is without prejudice to any subsequent nomination 
pursuant to this Condition if on any Pricing Day the Price of that class of Commodity Security falls 
to 2.5 times the Principal Amount (as so reduced) of such Commodity Security or below. 
Compulsory Redemption of Multi-Tenor Securities when Intra-day Price falls to zero 
8.7A If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the 
same class as any Multi-Tenor Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time during any Trading 
Day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty notifies the Issuer that Commodity Contracts of that 
class have been terminated then a number of Multi-Tenor Securities of such class equivalent to 
the number of Commodity Contracts of that class that have been terminated will automatically be 
subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that day and, subject to Condition 3.2, Security Holders 
in respect thereof will receive a sum calculated in accordance with Condition 8.12 as if a 
Compulsory Redemption Date had been notified in respect of such Multi-Tenor Securities and on 
the basis that the Price of such Multi-Tenor Securities shall be zero. The Issuer will give notice via 
a RIS as soon as practicable upon being notified as described in the preceding sentence of this 
Condition 8.7A, but no liability is assumed by the Issuer for any failure to give any such notice and 
failure to give any such notice shall not prejudice any Compulsory Redemption pursuant to the 
preceding sentence of this Condition 8.7A which shall have effect as provided therein whether or 
not, and irrespective of when, notice is given by the Issuer pursuant to this sentence. Where 
pursuant to this Condition not all outstanding Multi-Tenor Securities of a particular class will be 
redeemed on such day, they will be redeemed pro rata to holdings on the relevant Register as at 
that day calculated in such manner as the Issuer in its discretion thinks fit. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.7A, “Intra-day Price” means in respect of any Multi-Tenor 
Security at any time on a Trading Day, the Price, calculated in accordance with Condition 5, using 
as I(i,t) the most recent value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index published as of such time 
by Bloomberg, provided that (i) if at the time when the Intra-day Price is determined, there is no 
real time publication by Bloomberg of the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index 
calculated using those prices most recently reported on the Relevant Exchange for the futures 
contracts by reference to the prices of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated (in 
whole or in part), (ii) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that such published value is 
incorrect, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual 
Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the futures contracts by 
reference to the prices of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part), 
(iii) if the Calculation Agent determines that as the result of a material trading disruption or anomaly 
the value of any futures contract used in calculating such published value manifestly does not 
reflect a fair market value for that futures contract having regard to the principles in the Facility 
Agreement described in Condition 14.3, the Calculation Agent shall instead determine fair market 
values for such futures contracts having regard to the principles in the Facility Agreement 
described in Condition 14.3 and calculate a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity 
Index calculated using such fair market values, and (iv) if the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred with respect to any applicable futures 
contract, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual 
Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the relevant futures 
contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event and using a fair market value 
determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Facility Agreement described in 
Condition 14.3 for the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
 
Compulsory Redemption for cause 
8.8 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time by written notice to a Security Holder 
nominate an Issuer Business Day (being not less than seven General Trading Days and not more 
than fourteen General Trading Days following the date of the notice) to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date in respect of Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 to certify whether 
or not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
specified in the notice given under Condition 13 provide such a certification to the Issuer in 
the form and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 to certify whether 
or not it is a Prohibited US Person and the (i) Security Holder did not by the date specified 
in the notice given under Condition 13 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form 
and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited 
US Person; or 
(c) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Commodity Securities are or may 
be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement 
of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those Commodity 
Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those 
Commodity Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance 
appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause 
a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which it or they 
might not otherwise have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(i) or (b)(i) so failed 
to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, in each case in respect of some only 
of the Commodity Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall 
relate only to those Commodity Securities (and not any other Commodity Securities held by that 
Security Holder). 
8.9 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.8 provides to the Issuer 
prior to the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Commodity Securities have been 
transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, 
then the Commodity Securities referred to in that notice shall not be redeemed under these 
Conditions. 
8.10 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.8 does not provide to the 
Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Commodity Securities have 
been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US 
Person, then the Commodity Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of being 
transferred by that Security Holder and the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported 
transfer of those Commodity Securities. 
8.11 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration 
taken or made in accordance with this Condition 8. The exercise of the powers conferred by this 
Condition 8 shall not be questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was 
insufficient evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Commodity Securities, or 
any other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith. 
Compulsory Redemptions 
8.12 
Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in accordance with these Conditions other than 
pursuant to Condition 8.8, in respect thereof: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall, no later than 8.00 a.m. on the Compulsory Redemption Date, by RIS 
announcement publish the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number of Commodity Securities of 
each relevant class to be priced on successive Pricing Days for each class commencing 
on the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced for each class of Commodity Securities to which the 
Compulsory Redemption Date relates shall be priced until Commodity Securities of that 
class (including, in the case of a Compulsory Redemption Date notified in accordance with 
Condition 8.6, all those Commodity Securities that have previously been deducted from the 
Compulsory Daily Pricing Number for that class pursuant to the proviso contained in the 
definition of “Compulsory Number Priced” in connection with that Compulsory Pricing Date) 
in a number equal to the Compulsory Redemption Number for that class have been priced; 
(c) 
on the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory Redemption the Issuer shall 
(subject to the Security Holder depositing the Commodity Securities in question into an 
appropriate CREST account or  otherwise  delivering  such  Commodity  Securities  to  the

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Issuer by agreement with the Issuer) pay into the appropriate Redemption Account(s) 
(i) the aggregate amount being the sum, for each of the Compulsory Pricing Date and any 
such required successive Pricing Day for each relevant class, of the Prices or, if higher in 
each case but not in aggregate (but subject to Condition 3.2), the Principal Amounts of all 
Commodity Securities of that class thereby priced on such day multiplied by the Settlement 
Foreign Exchange Rate for Commodity Securities of that class and that day together with 
(ii) an amount equivalent to interest thereon calculated at the rate of the Capital Adjustment 
then prevailing, in each case from the second London Business Day following the Pricing 
Day on which that Price was determined (provided that if either that day or the preceding 
London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then from the Business Day 
next following the day from which it would have been calculated but for this proviso) until 
and including the Redemption Payment Date; 
(d) 
each Redemption Account shall be credited with the relevant Security Holder’s pro rata 
share of the aggregate amount in (i) of Condition 8.12(c) (and the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to make payment of the amount so priced until that amount shall have been 
determined); and 
(e) 
upon payment in full of that amount all such Commodity Securities which were so priced 
shall be cancelled. 
8.13 
Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified to a Security Holder in accordance with 
Condition 8.8: 
(a) 
the Redemption Amount with respect to such Redemption shall be the amount equal to the 
sum, for each of the Compulsory Redemption Date and any required successive Pricing 
Day as provided in paragraph (b), of the Prices for the relevant Commodity Securities 
multiplied by the Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate for Commodity Securities of the 
relevant class and that day, determined in accordance with paragraph (b); 
(b) 
on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced of each class of Commodity Securities shall be 
priced until Commodity Securities of that class in a number equal to the Compulsory 
Redemption Number for that class have been priced; and 
(c) 
within three Business Days of the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory 
Redemption the Issuer shall (subject to the Security Holder depositing the Commodity 
Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or otherwise delivering such 
Commodity Securities to the Issuer in such manner as may be agreed by the Issuer or 
otherwise all such Commodity securities being cancelled to the satisfaction of the Issuer) 
pay into the appropriate Redemption Account(s) the Redemption Amount. 
9. 
SETTLEMENT OF REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
9.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been given for the Redemption of Commodity Securities, the 
Security Holder which holds those Commodity Securities which are the subject of that Redemption 
must deposit the Commodity Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account and give 
correct delivery versus payment instructions in accordance with the Redemption Notice if they 
were in Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver the Commodity Securities to be Redeemed and 
any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer may agree if they 
are in Certificated Form. Once a valid Redemption Form is given in respect of Commodity 
Securities, unless the Redemption Form is validly withdrawn (in accordance with Condition 
7.11(b)(i)) the Commodity Securities in respect of which it was given may not be transferred by 
the Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any subsequent 
transfer of any of those Commodity Securities. 
9.2 
Failure by a Security Holder to deposit those Commodity Securities into an appropriate CREST 
account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions shall not invalidate the Redemption 
of those Commodity Securities. Where settlement of a Redemption of Commodity Securities is 
delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder to deposit the Commodity Securities in question 
into an appropriate CREST account or give correct delivery versus payment instructions or 
otherwise deliver such Commodity Securities and any certificates representing them in a manner 
agreed by the Issuer, the Security Holder shall not be entitled to any interest on the Redemption 
Amount after the Redemption Payment Date. If the Security Holder fails to deliver such 
Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method agreed with the

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled to pay the Redemption Amount in respect thereof into the 
Trustee’s Redemption Account (to be held on trust for the Security Holder), and to cancel the 
entry in the Register in respect of those Commodity Securities. 
9.3 
Where Commodity Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 8, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, upon payment of the Redemption Amount (less the Redemption Fee, if applicable) into 
the applicable Redemption Account to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those 
Commodity Securities being Redeemed. 
9.4 
Save to the extent that the proviso to Condition 7.2 applies, payment of the Redemption Amount 
(less any applicable Redemption Fee deducted under Condition 10) into the applicable 
Redemption Account on the Redemption Payment Date is in full satisfaction of all liability which 
the Issuer has to Security Holders in respect of the Commodity Securities which have been 
Redeemed. 
9.5 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that a Commodity Contract Counterparty may 
have to withhold or deduct from a payment for a Commodity Contract Termination that 
corresponds to any Redemption by that Security Holder an amount for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any 
political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as 
modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such 
notice shall specify any form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Commodity 
Securities that may allow the Commodity Contract Counterparty to make such payment without 
any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at a reduced rate. If such 
forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty by the relevant Security Holder or, if it is not the beneficial owner of Commodity 
Securities held by such Security Holder and which are to be redeemed, by such beneficial owner, 
then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to pay any 
Redemption Amount to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the amount of the withholding 
or deduction. If there is more than one Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer shall not be 
under any obligation to select the Commodity Contract Counterparty to whom the Commodity 
Contract Termination relates with a view to minimising or avoiding any such withholding or 
deduction or otherwise and shall have no liability to Security Holders in respect of any such 
selection or otherwise in relation to any such withholding or deduction. 
9.6 
The Redemption of Commodity Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the occurrence of a Listing 
Failure, and delivery of Commodity Securities by an Authorised Participant in connection 
therewith, shall be effected in accordance with the procedures set out in the applicable Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
9.7 
The Issuer may give such directions to the Security Holder as appear to the Issuer to be necessary 
to enable the settlement of any payment or delivery to be made by it pursuant to this Condition. 
 
10. 
REDEMPTION FEE 
10.1 Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to 
Redeem Commodity Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the 
Redemption Amount and that if it does not the Security Holder of such Commodity Securities shall 
pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such Redemption in accordance with this 
Condition 10. The Issuer may offset the amount of the Redemption Fee payable hereunder 
against the Redemption Amount payable to the Security Holder. 
10.2 On a Redemption of Commodity Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the 
Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement to 
be payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that Authorised Participant 
at the time of the Redemption, regardless of the number of Commodity Securities being redeemed. 
10.3 On a Redemption of Commodity Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant (where there are no Authorised Participants), the Redemption Fee shall be 
an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption request, which shall be 
notified to the Security Holder at the time of the Redemption being not greater than £500 or such 
other amount as may be notified through a RIS. 
10.4 On a Compulsory Redemption of Commodity Securities by the Issuer or at the request of the

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Trustee, the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation 
to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under Condition 13 and the cost of giving 
notices under Condition 8 being not greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified 
through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Commodity Securities are subject 
to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and their allocation to particular Security 
Holders, at the time of the Redemption. 
10.5 The Issuer may set off any amount payable to the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 10 by 
the holder of Commodity Securities in respect of the Redemption Fee against the Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer to such holder. 
 
11. 
INTEREST ON SETTLEMENT FAILURE 
Following the occurrence of a Settlement Failure, interest shall accrue on any balance of the 
Redemption Amount not paid or otherwise discharged by or on behalf of the Issuer from the 
Settlement Failure Date. Such interest shall: 
(a) 
accrue at the Funding Rate from and including the Settlement Failure Date to but excluding 
the date falling two Business Days after the Settlement Failure Date, and thereafter at the 
Default Rate; and 
(b) 
cease to accrue on the date on which such balance is paid into the relevant Redemption 
Account. 
 
12. 
SATISFACTION OF REDEMPTION FORMS BY TRANSFER 
The Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the 
appropriate number of Commodity Securities to one or more Authorised Participant(s) from 
Security Holder(s) seeking Redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person 
on behalf of the Security Holder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the 
relevant number(s) of Commodity Securities, provided that the amount payable to the Security 
Holder shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount (less the Redemption 
Fee) and the relevant Redemption Payment Day will be the date of the transfer(s). 
 
13. 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
13.1 The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security 
Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) falling fifteen London 
Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement 
to that Security Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or Prohibited US Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and class of Commodity 
Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US 
Person); and 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of all Commodity Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the 
Investor Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined 
by the Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of certain Commodity Securities held by it, specifying the number and 
class of Commodity Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or is, and is not, a Prohibited US Person). 
13.2 The Issuer may provide to any Commodity Contract Counterparty copies of any enquiries made 
by it under this Condition 13 and any responses received from the Security Holder. 
13.3 The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 13, 
to assume that none of the Commodity Securities are held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investors. 
 
14. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
14.1 The Calculation Agent is appointed by the Issuer and each Commodity Contract Counterparty for

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
the purposes of the relevant Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of these Conditions, the 
Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument): 
(a) 
to determine whether a Commodity Market Disruption Event or a FX Market Disruption 
Event exists; 
(b) 
to source the Foreign Exchange Rate for every day which is a Trading Day for any 
commodity, whether or not such day is also a General Trading Day, from Bloomberg (or 
such other person or entity from time to time fulfilling the functions provided by it as at the 
date of the Trust Instrument under the Handbook) and notify the Issuer thereof; 
(c) 
if for any reason the BFIX Rate for any day and Currency is not available, to determine a 
substitute Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate using so far as practicable the methodology 
used by Bloomberg in producing the BFIX Rate for that Currency and to provide such 
substitute Settlement Foreign Exchange Rate to the Issuer by 9.00 p.m. on each relevant day; 
(d) 
if an Individual Commodity Index is not published for five or more consecutive General 
Trading Days by reason of those General Trading Days being Market Disruption Days in 
respect of that Individual Commodity Index or any Composite Commodity Index is not 
published for five or more consecutive General Trading Days by reason of those General 
Trading Days being Market Disruption Days in relation to any commodity the Settlement 
Price of which is used to determine the Unhedged Commodity Index corresponding to that 
Composite Commodity Index, to calculate and provide to the Issuer in each case a 
substitute value for that Commodity Index on each subsequent General Trading Day for as 
long as the Market Disruption Event continues; 
(e) 
if a Commodity Index is not published on a General Trading Day for any reason other than 
that General Trading Day being a Market Disruption Day in respect of that Commodity 
Index, to calculate and provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Commodity Index 
for that General Trading Day and for each subsequent General Trading Day for as long as 
the non-publication continues; 
(f) 
if a FX Market Disruption Event occurs and five or more consecutive General Trading Days 
are FX Market Disruption Days, to calculate and provide a substitute Foreign Exchange 
Rate in respect of each Currency that is the subject of such FX Market Disruption Event on 
each subsequent General Trading Day for as long as the FX Market Disruption Event 
continues; 
(g) 
to make the determinations and calculations provided for in Condition 7.11(e)(iii); and 
(h) 
for every day (a “Relevant Day”) in respect of which the Calculation Agent is required to 
provide a substitute value of any Commodity Index as referred to in Conditions 14.1(d) and 
14.1(e), the Calculation Agent will also be required to provide substitute values of (a) such 
futures contracts in respect of such commodities on such days; (b) the Commodity Index 
Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to time) for such futures contracts in 
respect of such commodities on such days; and (c) the Foreign Exchange Rate for such 
Commodity Index on such days, as are in each case required for any calculations of Price 
and/or Indicative Price and/or Theoretical Hedge Position as referred to in these Conditions 
in respect of such Relevant Day. 
14.2 The Calculation Agent is or will be required under each relevant Facility Agreement (or any 
calculation agency agreement entered into by it in connection therewith) to act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with its obligations set out in that Facility 
Agreement (or such calculation agency agreement). Subject thereto, in the absence of manifest 
error and subject to the terms of the Facility Agreement (or such calculation agency agreement) 
the determinations of the Calculation Agent are final and conclusive. 
14.3 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement the Calculation Agent calculates a substitute 
value for a Commodity Index or any weighted value or Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in 
the Handbook from time to time) for futures contracts it is or will be required to adopt and follow 
the following principles in making that calculation: 
(a) 
the substitute value shall be based on the Calculation Agent’s determination of the fair 
market value at such time of the futures contracts underlying the Commodity Index based 
on factors the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, but not limited to, prices in other

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
commodity markets, any available electronic or after hours trading prices, related over-the-
counter or other non-exchange based prices, implied prices that may be derived from other 
exchange traded instruments, and estimated fair values based on fundamental market 
information and on the applicable changes in the relevant Foreign Exchange Rate; and 
(b) 
in determining the substitute value, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to relative 
movements in prices in other commodity futures markets for the same or similar 
commodities which were not affected by the Market Disruption Event or other event. 
14.4 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement a substitute value for a Commodity Index is 
calculated by the Calculation Agent for a General Trading Day, that substitute value shall be used 
in the calculation of the Price of Commodity Securities to which that Commodity Index is 
applicable for that General Trading Day, in lieu of the Commodity Index. 
14.5 If the Issuer provides copies to the Trustee of determinations notified to the Issuer by the 
Calculation Agent and/or notifies the Trustee (or any other person) of determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent, it shall do so on the express basis that: 
(a) 
such copies and notifications are provided to the Trustee for information purposes only; 
(b) 
neither the Trustee nor any holder or potential holder of Commodity Securities shall be 
entitled to rely as against the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) 
no duty shall be owed by the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any holder or potential 
holder of Commodity Securities in connection with any such determination. 
15. 
ENFORCEMENT 
15.1 In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed with 
respect to the Secured Property, the Trustee may at any time: 
(a) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee 
having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take 
such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer 
to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security 
constituted by the Security Deed(s) in respect of the relevant Commodity Securities to 
which such Defaulted Obligation relates; and 
(b) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was 
determined on such date, the most recently determined Price) of the affected Commodity 
Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders holding affected Commodity Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such 
proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to 
enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted 
by the Security Deed(s) in respect of all affected and outstanding Commodity Securities 
and for this purpose (and Condition 15.4) “affected Commodity Securities” means, in the 
context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of a Counterparty 
Event of Default, those Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which 
include rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
15.2 If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings 
and obligations (other than payment obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied 
the same within 30 calendar days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but 
shall not be obliged to, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such 
notice, the Trustee shall provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer and shall include with 
the notice any statement of not more than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to 
the Trustee for the purpose within 7 calendar days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice 
referred to herein. In any such notice the Trustee may designate a Period (the “Breach

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Redemption Period”) commencing on any Issuer Business Day until the date one month from 
such Issuer Business Day (inclusive) during which each Security Holder will be entitled to redeem 
all (but not some only) of the Commodity Securities held by it in the same manner as though there 
were no Authorised Participants. After the expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, the relevant 
breach shall be deemed waived without prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take action in the 
event of any subsequent such breach. 
15.3 In the event that at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem 
Commodity Securities of any class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to 
Condition 7.19 or the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of any class is suspended pursuant 
to Condition 7.20, then the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to 
Condition 15.2 shall be suspended in like manner and the provisions of Condition 7.19(c) or 
Condition 7.20(c) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Upon the suspension 
ceasing under Condition 7.19 or Condition 7.20 (as the case may be), the right to Redeem 
Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 15.2 shall resume and the Breach 
Redemption Period in respect of that class shall continue until the date one month from the date 
on which the suspension so ceased. 
15.4 If a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same time 
as a Defaulted Obligation, a Security Holder holding affected Commodity Securities to whom a 
Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action in accordance 
with Condition 15.1(a) until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the occurrence of the Counterparty 
Event of Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if,during such period 
of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action in accordance with 
Condition 15.1(b). 
15.5 Subject to Condition 15.7, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust Instrument or 
the Security Deed. Where the Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed, the right 
of Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with the Issuer shall cease. Valid Redemption 
Forms lodged before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the security (the 
“Election Date”) will be Redeemed in the normal manner. The Price for all Commodity Securities 
of a particular class outstanding at the Election Date will be the average Redemption Amount of 
the remaining Commodity Securities of that class. 
15.6 If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 15.1 with respect to any Commodity 
Securities to which a Defaulted Obligation relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that such 
Commodity Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall become, due 
and payable at their Redemption Amount, calculated in accordance with Condition 7.1. 
15.7 No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing, in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against the Issuer as 
those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in relation to the Issuer. 
 
16. 
APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect of 
a particular class of Commodity Securities shall be held by the Trustee upon trust, to apply them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee and unpaid 
(including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by the 
Trustee) under terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of any remuneration and 
expenses of any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security constituted by the 
Security Deed; 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts 
then due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect 
of Commodity Securities of that class; and 
(c) 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in 
respect of, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as 
between the Issuer and any other person).

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
17. 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any Commodity Securities of a particular class are outstanding, the Issuer covenants 
in the Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
(a) 
not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for borrowed 
money other than Commodity Securities or Further Securities, and not to give any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with 
the prior written consent of the Trustee; 
(b) 
other than as permitted under the Security Deed or with the prior written consent of the 
Trustee, not to dispose of any of the Secured Property or any interest therein, or to create 
any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or other form of encumbrance or security interest or 
right of recourse in respect thereof in favour of any person; 
(c) 
not to undertake any business save for the issue and redemption of Commodity Securities 
and the acquisition and disposal of Commodity Contracts and entering into the necessary 
documents and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder; 
(d) 
to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months 
following Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at 
least one Authorised Participant; 
(e) 
not to issue any Commodity Securities of any class unless it has purchased Commodity 
Contracts with corresponding terms and in an aggregate matching Redemption Amount; 
(f) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in any jurisdiction other than Jersey; 
(g) 
not to make any election under U.S. federal income tax laws to be treated otherwise than 
as an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(h) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation; 
(i) 
to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that they are readily 
distinguishable from each other and from any other pool to which any other class of 
securities of the Issuer is attributable; and 
(j) 
to exercise its rights in respect of any Collateral in any circumstance where such rights 
become exercisable and there are amounts due from the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and unpaid. 
 
18. 
FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; TRANSFERS TO NEW POOLS; 
CONSOLIDATION AND DIVISION 
18.1 Subject to its ability to create corresponding Commodity Contracts, the Issuer may (without the 
consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of undated limited recourse 
secured debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental to this Trust Instrument 
and may establish additional pools for the purposes of such securities and the Trustee shall join in 
such instrument or deed and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the purposes of the Trust 
Instrument and such securities shall be Commodity Securities for such purposes. Any such 
additional classes of Commodity Securities shall have recourse only to the Pool attributable to the 
relevant class and not to any other Pool. Other such securities created and issued by the Issuer 
under this Condition 18.1 may relate to different commodities than those in respect of which 
Individual Securities are initially issued, or involve the same commodities but different commodity 
indices, or be Index Securities involving different composite commodity indices, or be 
denominated in a different currency. Other such securities created by the Issuer under this 
Condition 18.1 may be created and issued subject to different terms and conditions in lieu of the 
Trust Instrument (including but not limited to different pricing mechanisms), to be determined by 
the Issuer. If other securities issued by the Issuer under this Condition 18.1 are subject to different 
terms and conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument the Issuer shall publish those new conditions 
in its RIS announcement or in a prospectus or listing particulars or supplementary prospectus or 
supplementary listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
18.2 The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Commodity Securities of a new class under 
Condition 18.1 unless it has first (a) created corresponding Commodity Contracts under the terms 
of a Facility Agreement and (b) executed and delivered to the Trustee an instrument amending

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
the Security Deed assigning by way of security, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant 
Security Holders, the contractual rights of the Issuer under each commodity contract of the 
relevant class and creating a first floating charge, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant 
Security Holders, over the rights of the Issuer under that facility agreement (to the extent that it 
relates to such class), commodity contracts of that class created under it and any Guarantee 
supporting the obligations of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to the Issuer to the 
extent that they apply to payments due in respect of that new class, for the benefit of the Trustee 
and the relevant Security Holders. 
18.3 The Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the Security Holders and without giving prior 
notice) determine to divide any Pool (the “Existing Pool”) by allocating some of the Secured 
Property attributable to that existing Pool to a new Pool (the “New Pool”). If it determines to do 
so, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer may only transfer all (and not merely some) of the Commodity Contracts with 
any one Commodity Contract Counterparty attributable to that Pool; 
(b) 
prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall create undated limited 
recourse secured securities (“New Commodity Securities”) of a new class referable to 
the same Commodity Index and otherwise on the same terms as the Commodity Securities 
attributable to the Existing Pool (the “Existing Commodity Securities”), each having a 
principal amount and Price determined in accordance with Condition 18.3(c) constituted by 
an instrument or deed on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save 
that there shall be no obligation to procure Listing of the New Commodity Securities) and on 
terms that such New Commodity Securities shall have recourse only to the assets 
attributable to the New Pool, and (subject as provided in paragraph (e)) shall issue such 
New Commodity Securities to the Security Holders of the Existing Commodity Securities 
outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New 
Commodity Security for each Existing Commodity Security then held. For this purpose (but 
subject as provided in paragraph (e)) any Commodity Security in respect of which a 
Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing shall be treated as outstanding; 
(c) 
the principal amount and Price of each New Commodity Security shall (subject as provided 
in paragraph (e)) be the proportion of the principal amount and Price respectively, of each 
Existing Commodity Security outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming 
effective (including any calculation of the Price for that day in accordance with Condition 5) 
that the aggregate Price of the Commodity Contracts to be transferred bears to the 
aggregate Price of the Commodity Contracts attributable to the Existing Pool, and on the 
creation and issue of the New Commodity Securities becoming effective the principal 
amount and Price of each Existing Commodity Security shall be reduced accordingly; 
(d) 
the Issuer shall enter into a deed with the Trustee amending the Security Deed with the 
Trustee in relation to the assets attributable to the New Pool to secure the New Commodity 
Securities in the same manner (mutatis mutandis) as under the Security Deed in relation 
to the Existing Pool, and the Trustee shall release the property to be transferred from the 
Existing Pool to the New Pool; and 
(e) 
any valid Redemption Form received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of 
Commodity Securities which have not by then been Redeemed and in respect of which the 
Redemption Amount has not been paid in accordance with Condition 9): 
(i) 
in a case where in respect of the Existing Commodity Securities notice of a 
Compulsory Redemption Date has been given under Condition 8.2 prior to such 
division becoming effective, the date on which such notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date was given; 
(ii) 
in a case where in respect of the relevant Existing Commodity Securities notice of a 
Compulsory Redemption Date has been given (either following the giving of notice 
by the Issuer to nominate a compulsory pricing date under a Facility Agreement 
following a Counterparty Event of Default or the giving of notice by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty to nominate a compulsory pricing date under its Facility 
Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event (as defined in any applicable 
Guarantee)) under Condition 8.1(a) prior to such division becoming effective, the 
date on which notice of the Compulsory Redemption Date was given;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(iii) 
in any other case where in respect of the relevant Existing Commodity Securities, 
notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given prior to such division 
becoming effective, the Compulsory Redemption Date; and 
(iv) 
in any other case, the date on which such division becomes effective, 
and in each case being valid notwithstanding Condition 7.8(g) and Condition 8.4, shall have 
effect as if given in respect either of the Existing Commodity Securities or of the New 
Commodity Securities dependent upon the Commodity Contract Counterparty (the 
“Relevant Counterparty”) to whom a Cancellation Notice (as defined in the Facility 
Agreement) (the “Relevant Cancellation Notice”) had been delivered under a Facility 
Agreement for the purposes of the Redemption intended to be effected pursuant to such 
Redemption Form as determined in its absolute discretion by the Issuer. Accordingly: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (c), 
Commodity Contracts the subject of all Relevant Cancellation Notices shall be 
excluded, and the principal amounts and Prices referred to therein shall be 
calculated as though all such Commodity Contracts had been terminated; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (c), 
Commodity Contracts that have been created for the purposes of an Application that 
has not been completed by the issue of Commodity Securities shall be excluded, 
and the principal amounts and Prices referred to therein shall be calculated as 
though all such Commodity Contacts had not been created; and 
(iii) 
each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing 
Commodity Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New 
Commodity Securities as provided in paragraph (b) and instead each of the Existing 
Commodity Securities to which such Redemption Form relates shall be divided into 
Existing Commodity Securities or New Commodity Securities as are attributable to 
the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Relevant Counterparty are 
attributable immediately following the transfer becoming effective, each such 
Existing Commodity Security ranking pari passu with and having the same principal 
amount and Price as the other Existing Commodity Securities of that class as 
reduced in accordance with paragraph (c) and each such New Commodity Security 
ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount and Price as the other 
New Commodity Securities of that class, and each such Security Holder shall hold 
upon such division becoming effective such number as nearly as practicable 
(rounded down to the nearest whole number) of Existing Commodity Securities or 
New Commodity Securities (as the case may be) as has the same aggregate 
principal amount as had the Existing Commodity Securities in respect of which the 
Redemption Form related immediately prior to the division becoming effective. 
18.4 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Commodity 
Securities of any class into Commodity Securities of the same class but with a proportionately 
larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Such consolidation or division shall be effected by 
deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Instrument. 
18.5 Whenever as a result of consolidation of Commodity Securities a Security Holder would become 
entitled to a fraction of a Commodity Security the Issuer will Redeem such fraction of a Commodity 
Security. 
 
19. 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE COMMODITY SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase 
Commodity Securities. 
 
20. 
LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as 
any of the Commodity Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Commodity 
Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the maintenance of 
such listing is agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and 
maintain the quotation or listing of the Commodity Securities on such other stock exchange as it

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
may (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) decide. 
 
21. 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
21.1 The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if 
and in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in these Trust Instruments or the Security Deed, or determine 
that any Defaulted Obligation, Issuer Insolvency Event or Counterparty Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such provided that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this 
Condition: 
(a) 
with respect to a Defaulted Obligation, in contravention of any express direction given by 
the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed or 
(b) 
with respect to an Issuer Insolvency Event or any Counterparty Event of Default or any 
other breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in the Trust Instrument, in contravention of any express direction given by 
Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last 
signature) of the Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class), 
but so that no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously 
given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such 
terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on 
the Security Holders and, if, but only if, the Trustee, shall so require, shall be notified by the Issuer 
to the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
21.2 Security Holders in respect of any class or classes of Commodity Securities have power by 
Extraordinary Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the release of the Issuer from the payment of 
moneys payable pursuant to the Trust Instrument, to sanction any modification, abrogation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, their rights against the Issuer, to assent to any 
modification or abrogation of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument 
proposed or agreed to by the Issuer and also to sanction other matters as provided therein. The 
Trust Instrument contains provisions relating to the convening of meetings by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and provides that, except in the case of an adjourned meeting, at least fourteen calendar 
days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to be served and of 
the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting, including any meeting which is being 
convened for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the Security 
Holders of the relevant class or classes. In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a 
quorum, other than one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven calendar 
days’ notice (exclusive as aforesaid) should be given unless the day, time and place for the 
adjourned meeting is specified in the notice convening the original meeting. 
 
22. 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each 
class of Commodity Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and shall 
incur no liability for so doing. 
 
23. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods. 
 
24. 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
24.1 The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred 
by reason of such retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Security Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being 
of the Trust Instrument. 
24.2 The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice to its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
trustee is appointed. 
 
25. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Conditions, the Commodity Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of 
Jersey. The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission 
to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the 
Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
 
26. 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee (or any director, 
officer or employee of the Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach 
of trust and save in such circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the 
Trustee) in execution of the trusts and powers under the Trust Instrument, shall be liable for any 
loss arising by reason of any mistake or omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing 
including fraud, wilful misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or 
employee or Trustee. 
 
27. 
AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer 
and the Trustee. Any amendment to these Conditions will, subject to Condition 28.7, be notified 
to Security Holders through an RIS announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee 
shall not take effect until at least 30 calendar days following such announcement. 
 
28. 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
28.1 Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that it will not amend, vary, modify or 
supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior written consent of the 
Trustee save where, in respect of a Facility Agreement, that amendment is at the election of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to amend the terms of the Facility Agreement to 
substantially conform that Facility Agreement to another Facility Agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and another Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
28.2 The Issuer may, without prejudice to Condition 28.4, by supplemental agreement or supplemental 
instrument or deed, as applicable, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, any Security 
Deed(s) or any of the Trustee Consent Documents (in respect of paragraphs (a), (d), (da), (e), (f), 
(g) and (h) below without the consent of the Trustee) and the Trustee agrees in the Trust 
Instrument to join in a supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed as applicable 
accordingly, if one or more of the following applies: 
(a) 
if the amendment is to substitute as debtor under a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee 
another person having an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and 
is not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(c) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
(d) 
the amendment is to substitute a different commodity index for one or more of the 
Commodity Indices and consequential changes provided that: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties that have Commodity Contracts outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Commodity Index or Commodity Indices; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the Commodity Securities 
of that class or classes which are the subject of the substitution, or, if any such 
consequential changes include a change to the currency of denomination of the 
Commodity Securities of that class or classes, that at the time of the substitution of 
the index the aggregate Price of the Commodity Securities of that class or classes 
is equal to the equivalent in such other currency of the aggregate Price of the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Commodity Securities of that class or classes (rounded down for each of the 
Commodity Securities of that class or classes to seven decimal places); and 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 30 calendar days have elapsed after 
they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(da) the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely 
without any obligation to investigate or verify the position) (I) that the sole purpose and effect 
of the amendment and the adjustments referred to below is to substitute a different 
commodity index for the Individual Commodity Index for any class of Multi-Tenor Security 
and consequential changes which are necessary to give effect to such substitution; (II) that 
the proposed substituted commodity index relates to the same individual commodity as such 
Individual Commodity Index and is calculated based on a similar methodology as that used 
in the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index but the futures contracts constituting 
the Lead Future and the Next Future for the purposes of the calculation of such proposed 
substituted commodity index have different expiry dates to those used for the purposes of 
the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index; and (III) that the following conditions 
have been or will be satisfied: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties that have Commodity Contracts outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Individual Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the Multi-Tenor Securities 
of the relevant class; and 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least the fifth Business Day following the 
day on which they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(e) 
the amendment is to substitute a different foreign exchange rate or a rate produced by a 
different provider for the BFIX Rate for any one or more Currencies and consequential 
changes provided that the substitution and consequential changes do not take effect until 
at least ten calendar days have elapsed after they are announced to Security Holders in an 
RIS announcement; 
(f) 
the amendment is to substitute a new formula or mechanism in place of the provisions of 
Condition 7.11(b) to 7.11(d) (inclusive) and corresponding changes to the Facility 
Agreements where the Issuer certifies to the Trustee that the Issuer and the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties consider that the provisions of Condition 7.11(b) to 7.11(d) 
(inclusive) (and the corresponding provisions in the Facility Agreements) do not operate or 
have the effect in relation to days that are or follow a Market Disruption Day they intended; 
(g) 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the 
holders of different classes of Commodity Securities differently and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each 
class of Commodity Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(h) 
Paragraph (g) above does not apply to the amendment and the terms of the amendment 
are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) 
passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument; or 
(i) 
the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified or 
applied in any respect to the Commodity Securities) or any Listing Rules or to rectify any 
inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms of the Trust 
Instrument or such Conditions, Security Deed or Trustee Consent Document. 
28.3 In the case of an amendment to a Facility Agreement, the amendment may not take effect for at 
least 30 calendar days (or five London Business Days if the amendment is to be made pursuant 
to an obligation in the Facility Agreement to negotiate in good faith following notice being given 
by either party thereto of the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined therein)), 
following publication of a notice thereof through a RIS and the Issuer shall not agree to any such 
amendment unless it does not take effect until such period has elapsed. 
28.4 Condition 28.2 and Condition 28.3 shall not apply to any amendment to the terms of a Facility

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Agreement which, under the terms thereof, is automatic or at the election of the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in the circumstances described in Condition 28.1. 
28.5 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 
28.2(a) by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 30 calendar days’ prior to such amendment 
becoming effective. 
28.6 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 
28.2(g) and Condition 28.2(h) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
28.7 No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Condition 28.2(b), Condition 28.2(c), 
Condition 28.2(i) or Condition 28.4 unless the Trustee otherwise requires. 
 
29. 
NOTICES 
29.1 Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the 
Issuer or the Registrar under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in 
writing in English. 
29.2 All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or 
pursuant to any other Trustee Consent Document shall be made by publication through a RIS 
where required under the terms of such document, but otherwise may be given by publication on 
the Issuer’s Website. 
29.3 All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or 
otherwise shall be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of 
Security Holders where, in relation to any Commodity Securities which are held in Uncertificated 
Form, the directors may from time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made 
by means of an electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in 
such form and subject to such terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by 
the directors (subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner 
permit supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be made by 
like means. 
29.4 Any Pricing Notice shall be sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax number, as follows: 
Fax: 
+44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email 
to the following email address: 
Email: 
infoeu@wisdomtree.com. 
29.5 Any Pricing Notice shall be deemed to have been received upon sending, subject to confirmation 
of uninterrupted and error-free transmission by a transmission report. 
29.6 Any General Notice to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s primary fax number set 
out above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered 
airmail in the case of an address outside the United Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
Address: 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road 
St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Attention: 
WisdomTree Team 
Fax number: 
+44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website. 
29.7 Any General Notice shall, in the absence of earlier receipt, be deemed to have been received as 
follows: 
(a) 
if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
(b) 
if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of 
an address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is 
attempted.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
30. 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
30.1 All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Commodity Securities shall be paid in US Dollars 
in full cleared and immediately available funds. 
30.2 All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Commodity Securities (including, 
without limitation, any interest payable under Condition 8.12 or Condition 11) shall be paid in full, 
free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law to which the person making the payment is subject. 
30.3 Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a New York Business 
Day, such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Business Day.”

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
PART 8 
 
PARTICULARS OF THE SECURITY DEED 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into the Security Deed, creating first-ranking floating charges 
over the Secured Property attributable to each class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities for the 
benefit of the Trustee and the Security Holders of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of that 
class. 
The particulars of the Security Deed as set out below are taken from the Security Deed and are, 
therefore, drafted in legal language. Certain terms used below are defined in the Security Deed. Detail 
on how the provisions of the Security Deed impact upon Security Holders is contained throughout this 
Prospectus including under the headings “Security Structure” in Part 1 (General) and “Security” in Part 4 
(Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
The Security Deed contains, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
 
1. 
Charge 
(a) 
Charge: The Issuer, as continuing security for the payment or discharge of all sums owing by the 
Issuer to the Trustee or the Security Holders from time to time under the applicable class of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed (the 
“Secured Liabilities”), grants a first ranking floating charge to the Trustee for the benefit of itself 
and the Security Holders of that class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities over all the 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the relevant Secured Property. 
(b) 
Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer, as further security for the Secured Liabilities, assigns 
absolutely to the Trustee all of its present and future rights, title and interest in the Facility 
Agreement, the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement in so far as it pertains to the 
relevant Pool. 
 
2. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (and only if) (a) a Defaulted 
Obligation has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, or (c) a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument with 
respect to the Secured Property the Trustee may at any time: 
(i) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Relevant Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction 
against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so 
doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to 
the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the 
security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of the Relevant Securities to which 
such Defaulted Obligation relates; and 
(ii) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was 
determined on such date the most recently determined Price) of the affected Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it 
may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under 
the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all 
outstanding affected Relevant Securities and for this purpose and paragraph (c) “affected” 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or “affected” Relevant Securities

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
means, in the context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a 
Counterparty Event of Default or (in paragraph (c)) a Counterparty Insolvency Event, those 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (or Relevant Securities, if any) that are 
attributable to the Pool or Pools which include rights against that particular Commodity 
Contract Counterparty. 
The Security Deed relates separately to each Pool and accordingly the Trustee may exercise its 
powers referred to above in respect of one or more Pools and need not do so, or do so 
simultaneously, in respect of all Pools. 
(c) 
Where a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same 
time as a Defaulted Obligation, a holder of affected Relevant Securities to whom a Defaulted 
Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action as described in 
paragraph (b)(i) until the expiry of 30 days from the occurrence of the Counterparty Event of 
Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such period of 30 
days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action as described in paragraph (b)(ii). 
 
3. 
Permitted Variations 
The Issuer may amend, vary, modify or supplement (a “Permitted Variation”) (i) the schedules 
to any Facility Agreement other than schedules 1, 11 and 12, (ii) the definitions of “Eligible 
Collateral”, “Issuer Concentration Limit”, “Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” 
in any Security Agreement and the Collateral Schedule as defined therein and (iii) any Control 
Agreement, in each case without the consent of the Trustee. 
Immediately upon making a Permitted Variation pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer shall notify 
the Trustee thereof and shall, if so required by the Trustee, notify the Security Holders thereof by 
publishing a notice on a RIS. 
 
4. 
Governing Law 
The Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee 
from commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
PART 9 
 
COMMODITIES, COMMODITY AND FUTURES MARKETS, AND EXCHANGES 
 
Commodities Overview 
The websites referred to in this “Commodities Overview” section do not form part of the Prospectus. 
 
Aluminium 
Aluminium is the third most abundant element in the Earth’s crust, and weighs about one-third as much 
as steel or copper. It is malleable, ductile, easily machined and cast, and has excellent corrosion 
resistance and durability. Aluminium is used in transportation (automobiles, airplanes, trucks, railcars, 
marine vessels), packaging (cans, foil), construction (windows, doors, siding), consumer durables 
(appliances, cooking utensils), electrical transmission lines, and machinery. The primary raw material 
used for aluminium production is aluminium ore, most commonly known as bauxite. Bauxite, which 
occurs mainly in tropical areas, is refined into alumina and then electrolytically reduced into aluminium 
metal. Two to three metric tons of bauxite is required to produce one metric ton of alumina; two metric 
tons of alumina are required to produce one metric ton of aluminium metal. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the aluminium industry can be found at 
http://www.world-aluminium.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Aluminium 
Institute. 
 
Brent Crude 
Brent crude is one of the varieties of crude oil, as described under the heading “WTI Crude Oil” below, 
and is sourced in the North Sea. Brent crude production has been in decline since 1999, and in order to 
avoid pricing distortions regarding quality and quantity of production for the benchmark, energy 
consultant Platts began to combine Brent Crude with other varieties of crude oil. The Brent crude oil 
benchmark is currently a blend of Brent Crude, Forties, Ecofisk, and Oseberg (BFOE) varieties of crude 
oil that are also produced in the North Sea. 
 
Cocoa 
Cocoa grows on cocoa trees, which are generally found in rainforests and in countries near the Equator. 
Hot and humid conditions are essential for the development of cocoa trees. There are two kinds of cocoa 
beans: “fine” or “flavour” beans, and “bulk” or “ordinary” beans. The latter has dominated most of the 
world’s cocoa production over the past five decades. Historically, cocoa is regarded as a stimulant due to 
its high calorific content. More recently, it has been found that cocoa contains a high level of flavonoid 
which is beneficial to cardiovascular health. Asides from human consumption, cocoa has also been used 
in the manufacture of pet food since the mid-2000s. Subsequent to cocoa being exported outside South 
America in the 16th century, it has gained more importance globally as 50 million people depend on 
cocoa for their livelihood. 70 per cent. of cocoa is produced in West Africa and more than 70 per cent. 
of the global cocoa supply is provided by small farm owners. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cocoa industry can be found at 
http://www.icco.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Cocoa Organization. 
 
Coffee 
The coffee plant produces its first full crop of beans at about 5 years old and then is productive for about 
15 years. Coffee is generally classified into two types of beans — arabica and robusta. The most widely 
produced coffee is arabica, which is typically grown at high altitudes and makes up approximately     70 
per cent. of world production. Brazil and Colombia are the largest producers of Arabica coffee. Robusta 
coffee, the stronger of the two types, is typically grown at lower altitudes in West and Central Africa, 
South-East Asia and partly Brazil. About 12-20 kg of export ready coffee is produced from every 100 kg 
of coffee beans harvested. Seasonal factors have a significant influence on coffee prices, which are often 
subject to upward spikes in June, July and August due to freeze scares in Brazil during the winter months 
in the Southern Hemisphere.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
A more detailed description including historical data of the coffee industry is updated from time to time 
by the United States Department of Agriculture (http://www.usda.gov) and the International Coffee 
Organization (http://www.ico.org). 
 
Copper 
Copper is one of the most widely used industrial metals because it is an excellent conductor of electricity, 
has strong corrosion-resistance properties, and is very ductile. It is also used to produce the alloys of 
brass (a copper-zinc alloy) and bronze (a copper-tin alloy), both of which are far harder and stronger 
than pure copper. Electrical uses of copper including power transmission and generation, and electrical 
equipment account for about 65 per cent. of total copper usage. Copper is biostatic, meaning that 
bacteria will not grow on its surface, and is therefore used in air-conditioning systems, food processing 
surfaces, and doorknobs to prevent the spread of disease. Building construction is the single largest 
market for copper, followed by industrial applications, power utility, diverse, consumer and general 
products and automotive. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the copper industry can be found at 
http://www.icsg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Copper Study Group. 
 
Corn 
Corn is a hardy plant that grows in many different areas of the world, and is a native grain of the American 
continents. Corn is used primarily as livestock feed; it is also used in alcohol additives for gasoline, 
adhesives, corn oil for cooking and margarine, sweeteners, and as a food for humans. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the corn industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Cotton 
Cotton accounts for around one third of total world fibre production. It is used in a wide range of products 
from clothing to home furnishings to medical products. The weight of cotton is typically measured in 
terms of a “bale”, which is deemed to weigh 480 pounds. The value of cotton is determined according to 
the staple, grade, and character of each bale. Staple refers to short, medium, long, or extra-long fibre 
length, with medium staple accounting for about 70 per cent. of all U.S. cotton. Grade refers to the 
colour, brightness, and amount of foreign matter. Character refers to the fibre’s diameter, strength, body, 
maturity (ratio of mature to immature fibres), uniformity, and smoothness. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cotton industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Gas Oil 
Gas oil is also known as diesel distillate or red diesel and is closely related to heating oil. Heating oil 
and diesel are both distillates, the difference being that heating oil is permitted to contain more sulphur 
than diesel fuel. Gas oil is primarily used as a fuel for land and marine transport and in industrial and 
domestic heating applications. Around 25 per cent. of the yield of a barrel of oil is made up of distillate, 
with that being broadly divided 80:20 between diesel fuel and heating oil. See also the description under 
the heading “Heating Oil” below. 
 
Gasoline 
Gasoline is primarily used as a fuel for internal-combustion engines. Crude oil is the most economical 
source of gasoline, and refineries turn over 40 per cent. of every barrel of crude oil into gasoline. The 
three basic steps to all refining operations are the separation process (separating crude oil into various 
chemical components), conversion process (breaking the chemicals down into molecules called 
hydrocarbons), and treatment process (transforming and combining hydrocarbon molecules and other 
additives). Octane is a measure of a gasoline’s ability to resist pinging or knocking noise from the engine. 
Additional refining steps are needed to increase the octane level, which increases the retail price. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gasoline industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com), and the

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Gold 
Three factors set gold apart as an investment from most other commodities: it is indestructible; it is 
fungible; and the inventory of above-ground stocks is enormous relative to the supply flow. Additionally, 
the liquidity and size of the gold market is unrivalled within the commodities markets. Gold trading on 
the global market consists of transactions in spot, forwards, and options and other derivatives on the 
over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The OTC market 
trades on a 24-hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most global gold trading. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gold industry can be found at 
http://www.gold.org, which is updated from time to time by the World Gold Council. 
 
Heating Oil 
Heating oil is a heavy fuel oil that accounts for approximately 25 per cent. of the yield from a barrel of 
crude oil, the second largest cut after gasoline. Heating oil prices are highly correlated with crude oil 
prices, although heating oil prices are also subject to swift supply and demand shifts due to weather 
changes or refinery shutdowns. The primary use for heating oil is residential space heating. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the heating oil industry is updated from time to 
time on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and 
the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Kansas Wheat 
Kansas wheat refers to the hard red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Kansas City Board 
of Trade. Hard red winter wheat is primarily used for bread making and accounts for about 40 per cent. 
of US wheat production. Winter wheat is planted in the winter. Hard red winter wheat is grown 
predominantly in Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and the Texas panhandle. The cold, sub zero winters 
and the general lack of precipitation make these regions of the country ideal for hard red winter wheat 
production. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx, which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Kansas wheat futures contracts can be found at 
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html, which is updated by the 
Kansas City Board of Trade. 
 
Lead 
Lead is soft, ductile, and highly resistant to corrosion. It has been used for more than 7,000 years and 
is easy to extract, usually being found in ore with zinc, silver, and copper. Lead’s high corrosion 
resistance makes it ideal for buildings; the high density makes it an effective barrier to radiation in 
hospitals and helps reduce noise in factories as well as in ships. 80 per cent. of lead’s end use is for 
lead acid batteries to provide power in vehicles and emergency power. At least three-quarters of all lead 
used goes into products which are suitable for recycling and the recovery of lead from scrap requires 
much less energy than extracting from ore, which is why lead has the highest recycling rate of all the 
common non-ferrous metals. Over 50 per cent. of lead consumed is derived from recycled or re-used 
material. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lead industry is updated from time to time on 
the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Lean Hogs 
Hogs are generally bred twice a year in a continuous cycle designed to provide a steady flow of 
production. The time from birth to slaughter is typically six months. Hogs are ready for slaughter at about 
254 pounds, producing an average of 89 pounds of lean meat. The lean meat consists of         21 per 
cent. ham, 20 per cent. loin, 14 per cent. belly, 3 per cent. spareribs, 7 per cent. butt roast and

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
blade steaks, and 10 per cent. picnic, with the remaining 25 per cent. going into miscellaneous cuts and 
trimmings. Hogs are produced in three types of operations: feeder pig producers raise pigs from birth to 
about 10-60 pounds, and feeder pig finishers grow them to slaughter weight; alternatively, farrow-to- 
finish operations raise hogs from birth to slaughter weight. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lean hog industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Live Cattle 
The cattle and beef industry is divided into two production sectors: cow-calf operations and cattle 
feeding. 
Cow-calf operations — The cattle and beef industry begins with the cow-calf operation, which breeds 
the new calves. Cow-calf operations are typically located on land not suited or needed for crop 
production. These operations are dependent upon range and pasture forage conditions, which are in 
turn dependent upon variations in the average level of rainfall and temperature for the area. Herds of 
cows are bred in the summer, thus producing the new crop of calves in spring. Calves are weaned from 
the mother after 6-8 months; they spend the next 6-10 months in a “stocker” operation where they grow 
to 600-800 pounds or near full-size, after which point they are sent to a feedlot and become “feeder 
cattle”. 
Cattle feedlots — Cattle feedlots produce high-quality beef by feeding grain and other concentrates for 
about five months. The animal is considered “finished” when it reaches full weight and is ready for 
slaughter, typically around 1,200 pounds, and then is sold for slaughter to a meat packing plant. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the live cattle industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Natural Gas 
Natural gas is a fossil fuel in gaseous form that is colourless, shapeless, and odourless in its pure form. 
It is a mixture of hydrocarbon gases formed primarily of methane; it is combustible, clean burning, and 
gives off a great deal of energy. Natural gas is produced from wells around the world and it is normally 
transported via pipeline. When pipeline transport is not feasible (e.g. over long distances), the natural 
gas is turned into a liquid (also called “Liquefied Natural Gas” or LNG) by super-cooling and transported 
as a liquid on tankers before being warmed up and turned into a gas upon arrival at the delivery port. 
Natural gas is used primarily for heating and generating electricity by industries such as pulp and paper, 
metals, chemicals, petroleum refining, stone, clay and glass, plastic, and food processing. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the natural gas industry is updated from time to 
time on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and 
the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Nickel 
Nickel is a hard, malleable, ductile metal that can take on a high polish. Nickel is also a fair conductor 
of heat and electricity. Approximately 65 per cent. of nickel is used to manufacture stainless steel and 
20 per cent. in other steel and non-ferrous (including “super”) alloys, often for highly specialised 
industrial, aerospace and military applications. About 9 per cent. is used in plating, and 6 per cent. in 
other uses including coins and a variety of nickel chemicals (e.g. rechargeable batteries). Nickel plating 
techniques are employed in applications such as turbine blades, helicopter rotors, extrusion dies, and 
rolled steel strip. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the nickel industry can be found at 
http://www.insg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Nickel Study Group. 
 
Platinum 
Platinum is soft, with a high resistance to corrosion and a high melting point, and is the most dense 
metal known. It is also a good oxidation catalyst, conductive and oxidation resistant. Traditionally, 
platinum is mainly used for jewellery, industrial usage, and autocatalysts. Investment demand for

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
platinum has increased due to the creation of physical platinum backed exchange traded funds. Platinum 
together with palladium are the major metals used in gasoline and diesel autocatalysts. Other industrial 
demands include chemical, electrical, petroleum, glass, and dental uses. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the platinum industry can be found at 
https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/gfms, which is updated from time to time by GFMS Thomson Reuters. 
 
Silver 
Silver has been used for thousands of years in ornaments and utensils, for trade, and as the basis for 
many monetary systems. It is the most malleable and ductile of all metals with the exception of gold, 
and conducts heat and electricity better than any other metal. It is not very chemically active, although 
tarnishing occurs when sulphur and sulphides attack silver. Because silver is too soft in its pure form, a 
hardening agent, usually copper, is mixed into the silver. Most silver emerges as a by-product from 
mining; only 30 per cent. of output comes from mines where the main source of revenue is silver (primary 
silver mine). The term “sterling silver” means silver that contains at least 925 parts of silver per thousand 
(92.5 per cent.) to 75 parts of copper (7.5 per cent.). 
A more detailed description including historical data of the silver industry can be found at 
http://www.silverinstitute.org, which is updated from time to time by The Silver Institute. 
 
Soybean Meal 
Soybean meal is a by-product of soybean processing. Soybean meal is the most valuable component 
obtained from processing the soybean, ranging from 50 per cent. to 75 per cent. of its value. Livestock 
feeds account for 98 per cent. of soybean meal consumption, with the remainder used in human foods 
such as bakery ingredients and meat substitutes. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops/ which is updated by the United States 
Department of Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade soybean meal futures 
contracts can be found at http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/soybean- 
meal_contract_specifications.html, which is updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
 
Soybean Oil 
Soybean oil is the natural oil extracted from whole soybeans; approximately 19 per cent. of a soybean’s 
weight can be extracted as crude soybean oil. It is mainly used in salad and cooking oil, bakery 
shortening, and margarine, as well as in a number of industrial applications, primarily because soy oil is 
cholesterol-free and high in polyunsaturated fat. Soybean oil is also used to produce inedible products 
such as paints, varnish, resins, and plastics. Worldwide, soybean oil is still the largest source of 
vegetable oil. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean oil industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Soybeans 
Soybeans are used to produce a wide variety of food products because of their high protein content 
without many of the negative factors of animal meat. Processed soybeans are the largest source of 
protein feed and vegetable oil in the world. Popular soy-based food products include whole soybeans, 
soy oil for cooking and baking, soy flour, protein concentrates, isolated soy protein, soy milk and baby 
formula, soy yogurt, soy cheese, soy nut butter, soy sprouts, tofu and tofu products, soy sauce, and 
meat alternatives. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Sugar 
Sugar, also known as sucrose, is a member of the larger group of compounds called carbohydrates, 
and is characterised by a sweet taste. Sucrose occurs in the highest concentration in sugar cane and 
sugar beets, which are produced in over 100 countries around the world. About 75 per cent. of all sugar

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
produced is processed from sugar cane, and the remainder from sugar beets. Raw sugar and refined 
sugar are two different products that are both traded internationally. Sugar beet producing countries 
export refined sugar, while sugar cane producing countries export either raw or refined sugar. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the sugar industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Tin 
Tin has been used in the production of bronze for at least 5,500 years. Tin is soft, pliable, resistant to 
corrosion and does not easily oxidise in the air. Therefore, it is widely used to coat other metals. The 
other important properties of tin are its low melting point, attractive appearance and the ability to readily 
form alloys with most other metals to create useful materials. Because of the softness of tin, it is seldom 
used in its pure form and is mainly combined with other metals. The end uses of tin are metal containers 
(19 per cent.), solders (16 per cent.) transportation (16 per cent.), construction (11 per cent.) and other 
applications (38 per cent.). 
A more detailed description including historical data of the tin industry is updated from time to time on 
the United States Geological Survey (http://www.usgs.gov) and the International Tin Association website 
(www.internationaltin.org). 
 
Wheat 
Wheat is a cereal grass that has been grown in temperate regions and cultivated for food since 
prehistoric times; it is currently widely produced across the world. Wheat is used mainly as a human 
food and supplies about 20 per cent. of the food calories for the world’s population. The primary use for 
wheat is flour, but it is also used in brewing and distilling, and to make oil, gluten, straw for livestock 
bedding, livestock feed, hay or silage, newsprint, and other products. 
Wheat here refers to the soft red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade. 
Soft red winter wheat futures are the most actively traded wheat futures contract. Soft red winter wheat 
is used for cakes, cookies and crackers and accounts for 15 per cent. to 20 per cent. of US wheat 
production. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx, which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures contracts can be found 
at http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/wheat_contract_specifications.html, 
which is updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
 
WTI Crude Oil 
According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), over the past several decades oil has been 
the world’s foremost source of primary energy consumption. Many varieties of crude oil are produced 
around the world, each with their own price; the characteristics of each variety depend largely on the 
particular crude oil’s geological history. Because there are so many varieties, crude oils are priced and 
traded relative to well known benchmarks (called markers). Two of these benchmarks dominate world 
crude oil futures trading, namely Brent Crude, futures contracts for which are traded in London on the 
ICE Futures Market, and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Light Sweet Crude, futures contracts for which 
are traded on NYMEX. Crude oil prices are influenced by a complex interaction of underlying supply and 
demand factors, political dynamics and increasingly developed spot, term and futures trading. Therefore 
these prices tend to be highly volatile. The behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting 
Countries (OPEC) is often the key to price developments in the world crude oil market. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the crude oil industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Zinc 
Zinc is never found in its pure state, but is rather produced from ores (primary zinc), or from scrap and 
residues (secondary zinc). Approximately three quarters of all zinc is consumed as metal, mainly as a

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
coating to protect iron and steel from corrosion (galvanised metal), as alloying metal to make bronze 
and brass, as zinc-based die casting alloy, and as rolled zinc. The remaining quarter is consumed as 
zinc compounds mainly in the negative electrode in dry cell (flashlight) batteries, in the zinc-mercuric- 
oxide battery cell typically used in watches, cameras, and other electronic devices, and as an antiseptic 
ointment in medicine. Zinc is also a necessary element for proper growth and development of humans, 
animals, and plants; it is the second most common trace metal, after iron, found naturally in the human 
body. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the zinc industry is updated from time to time on 
the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Futures Markets 
Futures contracts are typically traded on organised exchanges in a wide variety of physical commodities 
(including petroleum products, metals, and grains) and financial instruments (such as stocks, bonds, 
and currencies). They are traded in two ways: either in an open outcry environment or through an 
electronic trading platform. 
Futures contracts have standardised terms that are determined by the exchange, rather than by market 
participants. Standardised terms include: the amount of the commodity to be delivered (the contract 
size), delivery months, the last trading day, the delivery location or locations, and acceptable qualities or 
grades of the commodity. This standardisation enhances liquidity, by making it possible for large 
numbers of market participants to trade the same instrument. Most futures contracts (by volume) are 
liquidated prior to expiry to avoid physical delivery. The purpose of the physical delivery provision is to 
ensure convergence between the futures price and the cash market price (however some futures are 
only cash settled). 
Futures trades that are made on an exchange are cleared through a clearing organisation (clearing 
house), which acts as the buyer to all sellers and the seller to all buyers. When an investor buys or sells 
a futures contract, they are technically buying from, or selling to, the clearing organisation rather than 
the party with whom they executed the transaction on the trading floor or through an electronic trading 
platform. 
Futures traders are not required to put up the entire value of a contract. Rather, they are required to post 
a margin that is typically between 2 per cent. and 10 per cent. of the total value of the contract. 
Thereafter, the position is “marked to the market” daily. If the futures position loses value, the amount of 
money in the margin account will decline accordingly. If the amount of money in the margin account falls 
below the specified maintenance margin, the futures trader will be required to post additional margin to 
bring the account up the initial margin level. On the other hand, if the futures position is profitable, the 
profits will be added to the margin account. Because only a margin is required, this is known as an 
uncollateralised position. If 100 per cent. margin is deposited (earning interest), then this is known as a 
fully collateralised position and the return is known as a Total Return. 
Futures exchanges and clearing houses in the United States are subject to regulation by the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). Exchanges may adopt rules and take other actions that affect 
trading, including imposing speculative position limits, maximum price fluctuations and trading halts and 
suspensions, and requiring liquidation of contracts in certain circumstances. 
Futures markets outside the United States are generally subject to regulation by comparable regulatory 
authorities. The structure and nature of trading on non-U.S. exchanges, however, may differ from this 
description. 
 
Exchanges 
CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade, now merged with CME) 
CBOT is a leading futures and futures-options exchange located in Chicago. In its early history, the 
CBOT traded only agricultural commodities such as corn, wheat, oats and soybeans. Futures contracts 
at the Exchange evolved over the years to include non-storable agricultural commodities and non- 
agricultural products, including U.S. Treasury bonds and notes, 30-Day Federal Funds, stock indexes, 
and swaps. In 2007, CBOT merged with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”), becoming the 
world’s largest financial exchange market.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) 
CME is the largest futures exchange in the United States, and also owns and operates the largest futures 
clearing house in the world. CME products fall into five major areas: interest rates, equities, foreign 
exchange, agricultural commodities and alternative investments. Two forums are available for trading 
CME products: the long-standing open outcry trading floors and an electronic trading platform. The CME 
Clearing House guarantees, clears and settles every contract traded through the CME. In 2007, the 
CME merged with the Chicago Board of Trade (“CBOT”), becoming the world’s largest financial 
exchange market. 
 
KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade) 
The Kansas City Board of Trade was founded in 1856 by a group of Kansas City merchants. It served 
a function similar to a Chamber of Commerce. Early trading at the exchange was primarily in cash grains. 
Today, hard red winter wheat futures are the mainstay of the Kansas City Board of Trade. Options on 
wheat futures were introduced in 1984. In 2012 KCBT became part of the CME Group. 
 
LME (London Metal Exchange) 
LME is the world’s largest futures exchange for base and other metals. LME allows for cash trading, and 
offers hedging, worldwide reference pricing and storage for physical delivery of trades. Eleven 
companies have exclusive rights to trade by open outcry, and approximately 100 companies trade inter-
office through the London Clearing House, which also clears London Stock Exchange trading. Trades 
are in futures, options and TAPOs (traded average price contracts, a form of Asian option). Commodities 
traded on LME include aluminium, copper, zinc, lead, nickel, tin, and aluminium alloy. 
In 2012, LME was bought by The Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited (HKEX). 
 
ICE Futures U.S. 
ICE Futures U.S., formerly the New York Board of Trade (“NYBOT”), is a physical commodity futures 
exchange located in New York City. Its two principle divisions are the New York Coffee Sugar and Cocoa 
Exchange (“CSCE”) and the New York Cotton Exchange (“NYCE”). In January 2007, NYBOT was 
acquired by ICE and renamed ICE Futures U.S. 
 
NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.) 
NYMEX, or The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., is the world’s largest physical commodity futures 
exchange located in New York City. The exchange handles billions of dollars worth of energy products, 
metals, and other commodities being traded by open auction and electronically. Trading is conducted 
through two divisions, the NYMEX Division, home to the energy, platinum, and palladium markets; and 
the COMEX Division, on which all other metals trade. In 2008, NYMEX merged with CME Group 
becoming the world’s largest financial exchange market.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
PART 10 
 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer 
Certificates. The definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate 
translation, of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer 
Certificates is set out in Annexes 1 and 2 of this document. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the definitive German language text of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and 
the English translation below, the former shall always prevail. 
Model Form of Global Bearer Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
 
Global Bearer Certificate for 
• registered [see Annex 1] [class of •] Securities 
of 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each 
As underlying stock for this Global Bearer Certificate the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”), is holding 
• [see Annex 1] [class of •] Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) 
constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 23 February 2012 between the Company and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as amended / supplemented from time to time (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal 
amount of • [see Annex 1] each, registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, 
and held in a special Safe Custody Account with Citibank N.A., London, England. Each co- owner of this 
Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the delivery 
and registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders of the Company, in his name or in the name 
of a third party designated by him of such number of Notes as corresponds to his share in this Global 
Bearer Certificate. 
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate and forming an 
essential part thereof shall apply. 
Frankfurt am Main. 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Text of the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
 
Conditions of the Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
1. 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one managing 
director and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking  Aktiengesellschaft,  Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”). 
2. 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream 
the delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the 
name of a third party designated by him of such number of registered • [see Annex 1] [class •] 
Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) constituted by a Trust 
Instrument dated 23 February 2012 between the Company and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as amended / supplemented from time to time (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal 
amount of • [see Annex 1] each, as corresponds to his co- ownership share in this Global Bearer 
Certificate. Such demand shall be made by the co-owner through his depositary bank to 
Clearstream, stating to whom the Notes shall be delivered, respectively, the address to which the 
certificate evidencing the registration shall be mailed by the Registrar. 
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant to § 315 
of German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties arising from 
such delivery resp. transfer and registration. 
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of individual 
bearer certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate. 
3. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in proportion 
to his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes under the laws of 
England and Jersey, Channel Islands. 
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream to the 
co-owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall apply. 
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in EURO, in accordance with the foreign exchange 
control regulations prevailing at the time, unless the co-owner has in time before the due date 
demanded payment in USD (United States Dollars). 
4. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On demand 
it shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated by him. 
The Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well as the 
conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before each meeting. 
5. 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, fees or 
duties in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co-owners shall bear 
such taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global Bearer Certificate. 
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership shares 
in the Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any time be subject in 
the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the mere fact that it is holding 
the Notes. 
6. 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the co- 
owner’s right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such event these 
Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
7. 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England, (hereinafter 
referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, 
England, (hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its function as Nominee. In such event, 
Clearstream shall not be responsible for more than careful selection. This does not affect 
Clearstream’s right to assume itself the functions of the Custodian or the Nominee. In the case 
where the Custodian or the Nominee are replaced, any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee 
in these Conditions shall be deemed to refer to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
8. 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which would not 
require Clearstream’s assistance in the present form or should the admission of the Notes in the 
form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate to trading and official quotation on 
German stock exchanges be withdrawn, Clearstream shall request from the co-owners 
instructions as provided for in Clause 2. paragraph 1 above. Should such instructions not be given 
within 3 months from the publication of the relevant request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its 
discretion to arrange for registration of the Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party 
designated in its request and to deposit the relevant Notes at the co-owner’s risk and expense 
with a depositary designated in its request. All obligations of Clearstream arising from the Global 
Bearer Certificate shall cease therewith. 
9. 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in at least one 
supraregional newspaper designated by the German stock exchanges to publish obligatory 
notices of each German stock exchange on which the Notes in form of co-ownership shares in 
the Global Bearer Certificate are traded and officially quoted. 
10. 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic or legal, 
which may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer Certificate in 
consequence of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at home or abroad 
or any other circumstances beyond Clearstream’s or the Custodian’s control. 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate with the due 
care of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official 
action at home or abroad or by any other circumstances beyond its control it is prevented from 
performing its obligations, it shall not be responsible. 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due performance 
of their functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall be pursued by 
Clearstream on the co-owners’ behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall only be responsible for 
careful selection of the Custodian and the Nominee. 
11. 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, the other 
conditions shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable condition shall be replaced 
in accordance with the intent and purpose of this contractual agreement. 
12. 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only insofar as 
it does not impair the rights of the co-owners. 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of 
the Issuer or the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
PART 11 
 
PARTICULARS OF THE COMMODITY CONTRACT COUNTERPARTIES 
 
A 
Particulars of MLI and BAC 
MLI is BAC’s largest operating subsidiary outside of the United States and was incorporated in 1988. 
MLI is a company incorporated in England and Wales (Registered Number: 2312079) and is authorised 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the 
Prudential Regulation Authority (Firm Reference Number: 147150). MLI is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
ML UK Capital Holdings Limited and the ultimate parent of MLI is BAC. The registered address of MLI 
is 2 King Edward Street, London, EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom. . 
MLI provides a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in the United Kingdom, 
Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas. The primary business activities of MLI are to act 
as a broker and dealer in equities and fixed income, currency and commodities financial instruments; 
investment banking advisory and underwriting services; and equity and fixed income research. MLI also 
provides a number of post trade related services to third party clients, including settlement and clearing 
services to third party clients. 
The payment obligations of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and the 
MLI Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by BAC. 
BAC is a bank holding company and a financial holding company incorporated in the State of Delaware, 
United States. Through BAC’s banking and various nonbank subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in 
international markets, BAC serves individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses, 
institutional investors, large corporations and governments with a full range of banking, investing, asset 
management and other financial and risk management products and services. 
BAC’s headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 
28255, United States. BAC’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. BAC has listed 
debt securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange, including the London 
Stock Exchange, and also on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued under this 
Programme do not represent an obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or 
guaranteed by, BAC or any of its subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, MLI). Security 
Holders will have no recourse to BAC or MLI in respect of the Commodity Securities 
 
B 
Particulars of CGML and CGMH 
CGML is a company registered in England and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. CGML was 
incorporated on 21 October 1983 as Stockrobe Limited and changed its name to Salomon Brothers 
International Limited on 1 February 1984 and to Citigroup Global Markets Limited on 7th April 2003. The 
registered address of CGML is Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom. 
CGML has a major international presence as a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed 
income and commodities, as well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, 
institutional and government clients. It is headquartered in London and operates globally from the UK 
and its branches in Europe and the Middle East. 
The payment obligations of CGML under the CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement 
and the CGML Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by CGMH. 
CGMH is a corporation incorporated in the State of New York. CGMH, operating through its subsidiaries, 
engages in full-service investment banking and securities brokerage business. CGMH was incorporated 
in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, following a statutory merger effective on 1 July 1999, the purpose of which was to 
change the state of incorporation from Delaware to New York. On 7 April 2003 CGMH filed a Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation in the State of New York changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney 
Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
CGMH's parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a 
broad range of financial products and services. Citigroup has approximately 200 million customer 
accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. currently 
operates, for management reporting purposes, via two primary business segments: Citicorp, consisting 
of Citigroup Inc.'s Global Consumer Banking businesses (which consists of Regional Consumer Banking 
in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia and Latin America) and the Institutional 
Clients Group (Banking and Markets and Securities Services); and Citi Holdings, which consists of 
Brokerage and Asset Management, Local Consumer Lending, and a Special Asset Pool. There is also 
a third segment, Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMH are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. CGMH 
has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, including as issuer of 
various series of notes issued under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Commodity Securities issued under this Programme do not 
represent an obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or guaranteed by, CGMH or 
any of its subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, CGML) (together, “Citi”). Security 
Holders will have no recourse to Citi in respect of the Commodity Securities. 
The information on the Commodity Contract Counterparties and Guarantors in this Prospectus is based 
upon information made available to the Issuer by the Commodity Contract Counterparties and 
Guarantors.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
PART 12 
TAXATION 
1. 
UK Taxation 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of 
holding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. They are  based  on  current  UK  law  and HM 
Revenue & Customs practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective 
effect. The following paragraphs relate to Security Holders who are within the charge to UK 
corporation tax, are UK resident individuals or which are UK open-ended investment companies 
or authorised unit trust schemes unless otherwise stated. The statements in this summary are 
intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. Any person 
who is contemplating acquiring Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (whether or not pursuant 
to the Programme), particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any jurisdiction other than 
the UK, is strongly recommended to consult their independent professional advisers immediately. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it 
should not become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that 
the Issuer does not carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein 
for UK corporation tax purposes or through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would 
bring the Issuer within the charge to UK income tax, the Issuer will not be subject to      UK 
corporation tax or income tax on income and capital gains arising to it. The Directors intend that 
the affairs of the Issuer are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, branch or 
agency will arise insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the 
conditions necessary to prevent any such permanent establishment, branch or agency coming 
into being will at all times be satisfied. 
 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders are required to be made under deduction 
or withholding for or on account of UK tax. 
 
(d) 
Corporation Tax on income and gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes 
as realising profits, gains or losses in respect of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on a 
basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, calculated in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting practice. These profits, gains or losses, (which will include any profits, gains 
or losses on a disposal or redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and which may 
include fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains and losses) will be treated as 
income profits or losses for the purposes of a Security Holder’s corporation tax computation. 
 
(e) 
Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Provided the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted 
securities” for UK tax purposes, any transfer or redemption of a Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Security by a Security Holder who is a UK individual will, subject to the offshore fund rules 
mentioned below, be a disposal of that Currency-Hedged Commodity Security for UK capital gains 
tax purposes which may, subject to any available exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable 
gain or allowance loss for those purposes. 
Subject to this, it is expected that the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will not be treated 
as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, however, investors are advised to consult 
their own tax advisers in this regard.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
The Issuer may be treated as an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes, and accordingly, Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities may be treated as investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax 
purposes. 
If this is the case, and the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are not treated as “deeply 
discounted securities” and no other exemption applies, any gain accruing to an investor upon the 
sale, redemption or other disposal of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be taxed as 
income and not as a capital gain, unless the Issuer achieves certification as a “reporting fund”. 
The Issuer has obtained notification from HM Revenue & Customs that those classes of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities listed on the London Stock Exchange have been accepted for 
entry into the “reporting fund” regime and it intends to apply for approval of such classes that are 
issued in the future. Certain other classes have also been accepted for entry into the “reporting 
fund” regime. Investors are referred to HM Revenue & Customs’ website for a full list of those 
classes accepted into the regime. While it is expected that certification as a “reporting fund” will be 
received and maintained in respect of the relevant classes for all periods this cannot be 
guaranteed. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Issuer is required to report to investors 100 per cent. 
of the net income attributable to the relevant class of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. It 
is not expected that any such reportable income will arise in respect of any of the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities. 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will 
be 
provided 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource- 
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
 
(f) 
Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for 
UK tax purposes, and do not qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any 
profit arising to a Security Holder who is a UK individual on transfer or redemption of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities will be subject to UK income tax and not to UK capital gains tax. 
 
(g) 
UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally 
subject to UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.) they are 
exempt from tax on capital gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 
2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) (the “Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or 
losses accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on 
creditor loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect capital profits, gains or losses 
are those which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt 
with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital gains/losses”) in accordance 
with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These provisions do not however apply 
to a qualified investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership condition. 
In addition, Part 2B of the Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses (determined in 
accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to a UK 
open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of 
ownership condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships and 
derivative contracts) as a non-trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of 
the Regulations will determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Security Holder 
which is a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust scheme in respect of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be exempt from tax. 
 
(h) 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (‘SDRT’) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
In the case of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the 
Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not 
executed in the UK; and (iii) any instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in 
the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT will be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
The redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will not give rise to stamp duty or 
SDRT. 
 
(i) 
Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Currency-Hedged Commodity Security may form part of 
the value of the estate of a Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject 
to certain exemptions and reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of a Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Security on a gift of that Currency-Hedged Commodity Security by, or on the death 
of, a Security Holder who is an individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to appropriate 
provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
 
(j) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common 
Reporting Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard 
(“CRS”) to address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising 
efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for 
due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax 
authorities in participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and 
automatically exchange with other participating tax authorities in which the investors of the 
reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual basis, financial information with 
respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due 
diligence and reporting procedures. The first information exchanges began in September 2017. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, the Issuer will be required to comply with the CRS 
due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Security Holders may be 
required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject the Issuer to penalties 
and/or other sanctions under the implementing regulations in Jersey and/or an investor to liability 
for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
2. 
Jersey Taxation 
 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The statements are intended only as a general 
guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and 
practice, possibly with retrospective effect. A prospective investor should consult a tax adviser 
as to the tax consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the receipt of 
payments thereon. 
 
(b) 
Income Tax  
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (the 
“Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility 
company nor a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying 
in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will 
be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. 
Holders of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities (other than residents of Jersey) should 
not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition 
of its Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Redemption payments (other than to residents of 
Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account of Jersey tax.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
(c) 
Stamp duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, 
inheritance or capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, 
acquisition, ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities. In the event of the death of an individual sole holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate 
or letters of administration which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
 
(d) 
Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(i) 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(ii) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(iii) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
 
(e) 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation 
in the U.S. known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA, a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of U.S. source income and certain payments 
of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to U.S. source income, unless the Issuer 
complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other 
information about, direct and indirect U.S. holders of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
issued by the Issuer to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey 
authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
issued by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to 
the 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to 
U.S. sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem any Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and 
the US in respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 
by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) 
(Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of 
such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on 
some or all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and 
adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the 
redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
(f) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard 
(“CRS”) to address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising 
efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for 
due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, 
participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and 
reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) 
(International Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting Standards) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a 
result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, 
as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common implementation timetable which has 
seen the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 
2015, with further countries committed to implement the new global standard. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may 
subject an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory 
redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
(g) 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation 
to the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, 
both the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the 
Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the 
Issuer, its assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated 
by the Issuer. Both could significantly affect returns to investors. 
 
3. 
Taxation in Ireland 
 
(a) 
General  
 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the 
ownership and disposition of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the receipt of interest 
thereon. This summary deals only with Currency Hedged Commodity Securities held beneficially 
as capital assets and does not address special classes of Security Holders such as dealers in 
securities or those holding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities as part of a trade. This 
summary is not exhaustive and Security Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
with respect to the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are 
made on the assumption that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does 
not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency or have any other connection with 
Ireland. The summary is based on current Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners.  
 
(b) 
 Irish Withholding Tax  
 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities except where such payment has an 
Irish source. The payment is only likely to be considered to have an Irish source if, for example, 
the payment constitutes yearly interest and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in 
Ireland or where the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities were secured on Irish situated 
assets which it is understood will not be the case. The mere offering of the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities to Irish investors will not cause such a payment to have an Irish source. In 
certain circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities in Ireland on behalf of a Security Holder, will be obliged to operate 
a withholding tax.  
 
(c) 
 Taxation of Income  
 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident 
Security Holder holding Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or 
agency will be liable to Irish tax on the amount of any interest or other income, including potentially 
any premium on redemption, received from the Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer 
income tax at rates of up to 40 per cent. and would also potentially be liable to pay related social 
insurance (PRSI) and the universal social charge. Corporate Security Holders would suffer 
corporation tax at 25 per cent. of the amount of interest received from the Issuer. Credit against 
Irish tax on the interest received may be available in respect of any foreign withholding tax

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
deducted by the Issuer.  
 
(d) 
 Taxation of Capital Gains  
 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be 
liable to Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities currently at a 33 per cent. rate. Reliefs and allowances may be available 
in computing the Security Holder’s liability.  
 
(e) 
 Stamp Duty  
 
Transfers of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, 
provided the transfers do not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered 
company.  
  
(f) 
 Capital Acquisitions Tax  
 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities will be within the 
charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the 
gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the 
disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) 
if the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are regarded as property situated in Ireland. The 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities could only be considered property situated in Ireland if 
the register of Currency-Hedged Commodity Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the 
extent that certificates are issued in bearer form, the Bearer Certificates were located in Ireland. 
This tax is charged at a rate of 33 per cent. on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold 
determined both by the relationship between the disponer and the done/successor and previous 
gifts and inheritances.  
  
(g) 
 Provision of Information  
 
Generally Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or 
collection agent then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating to the Security Holder. 
Where the Security Holder is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction 
in which the Security Holder is resident for taxation purposes.  
  
(h) 
 Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”)  
 
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax 
Matters (the “Standard”) was published, by the OECD and this includes  CRS. The goal of the 
Standard is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial 
account information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account holders tax 
resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The OECD used 
FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the Standard is broadly similar to the FATCA 
requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly higher number of 
reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the 
inclusion of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be  reported. Regulations, giving effect 
to the OECD’s Standard and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 January 2016 were enacted 
on 31 December 2015.  
 
To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional 
information to the Issuer which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with their 
counterparts in Ireland.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
(i) 
 Offshore Fund Taxation  
 
 
 
 
 
While a holding of a Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities could potentially be treated as a 
material interest in an offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable 
to offshore funds the Irish Revenue Commissioners guidance indicating that exchange traded 
commodities which are generally structured as debt instruments will not come within the tax 
regime for offshore funds but instead will come within general tax principles (as to which we 
refer to paragraphs (c) and (d) above). As recommended above, Security Holders should obtain 
independent tax advice in relation to the tax implications of holding and disposing of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
PART 13 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Incorporation and Share Capital of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer was incorporated as a public limited company in Jersey on 11 November 2011 under 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the “Law”) with the name “European Hedged 
Commodity Securities Limited” and changed its name to “ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited” on 23 January 2012 and to “WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited” on 
26 September 2019. The Issuer operates under the Law and secondary legislation made 
thereunder. The Issuer is registered in Jersey under number 109413. 
(b) 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class 
designated as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued. 
(c) 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
(d) 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by HoldCo. 
2. 
Material Contracts 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been 
entered into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have been entered into at any time by the Issuer 
and (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) contain provisions under which 
the Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which is or may be material to the Issuer as at the date of this 
document. The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the 
agreements impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
(a) 
the Trust Instrument dated 23 February 2012 and the supplemental trust instruments thereto a 
summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities); 
(b) 
the Security Deed dated  23  February  2012  and  the  deeds  of  amendment  thereto  dated  14 
February 2013 and 29 June 2017, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 
(Particulars of the Security Deed); 
(c) 
the Facility Agreement dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI, the amendment 
agreement thereto dated 14 February 2013 and the amendment and restatement agreement 
relating thereto dated 29 June 2017, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 
(Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(d) 
the BAC Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of 
Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(e) 
the Facility Agreement between the Issuer and CGML dated 29 June 2017, a summary of the 
principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts); 
(f) 
the Citigroup Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(g) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pursuant 
to which MLI agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance 
in respect of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and MLI agree that the 
Capital Adjustment will be as described under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?); 
(h) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pursuant to 
which CGML agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance 
in respect of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and CGML agree that 
the Capital Adjustment will be as described under the heading “The Capital Adjustment

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their 
investment?); 
(i) 
the Calculation Agency Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, CGML and MLI; 
(j) 
the Security Agreement between the Issuer and MLI, a summary of the principal terms of which 
is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(k) 
the Security Agreement between the Issuer and CGML, a summary of the principal terms of which 
is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(l) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement between the Issuer, MLI and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(m) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement between the Issuer, CGML and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(n) 
the following Authorised Participant Agreements, a summary of the principal terms of which is set 
out in paragraph 3 below: 
(i) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and ABN AMRO 
Clearing Bank N.V. dated 23 February 2012; 
(ii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and BofA Securities 
Europe SA dated 12 June 2019; 
(iii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between  the  Issuer,  ManJer  and  CGML  dated 29 
August 2017; 
(iv) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Jane Street 
Financial Limited dated 13 January 2016; 
(v) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Merrill Lynch 
International dated 23 February 2012; 
(vi) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna 
International Securities Limited dated 23 February 2012; 
(vii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna 
Ireland Limited dated 23 February 2012; 
(viii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and UBS AG, London 
branch dated 23 February 2012; and 
(ix) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Virtu Financial 
Ireland Limited dated 5 November 2012; 
(o) 
the following Security Assignments between MLI and the Issuer securing to MLI the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) 
Security Assignment dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V.; 
(ii) 
Security Assignment dated 12 June 2019 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and BofA Securities Europe SA;  
(iii) 
Security Assignment dated 18 April 2016 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street Financial Limited; 
(iv) 
Security Assignment dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International 
Securities Limited; 
(v) 
Security Assignment dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland Limited; 
(vi) 
Security Assignment dated 23 February 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG, London branch; 
(vii) 
Security Assignment dated 9 November 2012 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited; 
and 
(viii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited; 
(p) 
the following Security Assignments between CGML and the Issuer securing to CGML the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN Amro Clearing Bank 
N.V.; 
(ii) 
Security Assignment dated 12 June 2019 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and BofA Securities Europe SA;  
(iii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Merrill Lynch International; 
(iv) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG, London Branch; 
(v) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International 
Securities Limited; 
(vi) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland 
Limited; 
(vii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited; and 
(viii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street Financial 
Limited. 
(q) 
the Services Agreement dated 23 February 2012 whereby ManJer is responsible for supplying or 
procuring the supply of all management and administration services for the Issuer and for paying 
all the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including the fees and expenses of the 
Registrar and any administrator and the fees and expenses of the Trustee in relation to its role 
under the Trust Instrument) and the Issuer agrees to pay to ManJer the Management Fee, the 
Licence Allowance and a processing fee representing the Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
which the Issuer has received (including by way of set-off). ManJer has delegated to WisdomTree 
UK Limited (formerly ETF Securities (UK) Limited), an affiliate company registered in England and 
Wales with registered number 7443535 and whose registered office is at 4th Floor, 3 Lombard 
Street, London EC3V 9QQ, certain of its duties and functions under the Services Agreement 
including the provision of additional marketing and back-office support functions; 
(r) 
the Administration Agreement dated 23 February 2012 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative, company 
secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Administration 
Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may delegate, with the prior approval of the Issuer, in whole 
or in part the discharge of any of its duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and 
discretion under the Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for 
any loss suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement 
unless such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or 
non-performance by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
obligations or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any 
loss, delay, mis-delivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as 
a result of acting upon any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Issuer; 
and 
(s) 
the Registrar Agreement dated 23 February 2012 whereby Computershare Investor Services 
(Jersey) Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, 
including the provision of a registration and transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 
of the Registrar Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited may, with the 
Issuer’s approval, delegate certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, 
loss, costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter 
relating to the Registers as a result of loss, delay, misdelivery or error in transmission of any cable, 
telex, telefax or telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall 
later be proved to be forged or otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of the fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the 
Registrar). 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense 
(including legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the 
discharge of its duties and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, 
liability, claim, cost, expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful 
default, bad faith or negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any 
such liability arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees 
payable by the Issuer to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result 
of the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST 
Service (as defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result 
of any timetable changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK 
& Ireland Limited. The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the 
Issuer as a result of any acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers 
are required in order for it to comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar 
Agreement). 
 
3. 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Authorised Participants as at the date of this document are the persons who have entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer as described in paragraph 2(n) above. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements 
impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and 
Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities). 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreements referred to in paragraph 2(n) 
above, each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that: 
(a) 
in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date 
on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”), it has not made and will not make an offer of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect 
from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus Directive or, 
where appropriate, published in another member state and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with Article 18 of the Prospectus 
Directive and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication;

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(ii) 
at any time to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial 
markets or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in 
securities; 
(iii) 
at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least         250 
employees during the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than 
€43,000,000, and (3) an annual turnover of more than €50,000,000, each, as shown in its 
last annual or consolidated accounts; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer 
of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to the public” in relation to any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State, the expression 
“Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto including the 
2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the Relevant Member State) and 
includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State and the expression 
“2010 PD Amending Directive” means Directive 2010/73/EU; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in circumstances in which  section  21(1)  of  the  FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the United Kingdom 
financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat customers fairly) with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in, from 
or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
(d) 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of it or any of its Affiliates): 
(i) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities within the United States or to US Persons, whether before, on or after the 
relevant Application Date; 
(ii) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities to a Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, whether before, 
on or after the relevant Application Date; or 
(iii) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities. 
Terms used in this paragraph 3(d) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
(e) 
it will not permit Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to be offered to, sold to, or purchased 
by persons resident for income tax purposes in Jersey (other than financial institutions in the 
normal course of business). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and on the 
distribution of this Prospectus are set out in paragraph 10 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The Authorised Participant Agreements may be terminated by any party thereto at any time upon thirty 
days’ prior written notice to the other parties. 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with institutions to act as Authorised Participants and/or market-
makers which may include commitments to make markets on varying terms, but which may include 
commitments to maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot sizes.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
4. 
Licence Agreement 
ManJer has entered into an agreement with Bloomberg and UBS Securities dated as of 13 February 
2018, pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter into a new licence agreement (the “Licence 
Agreement”) with respect to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices. Pursuant to the 
terms of the Licence Agreement, ManJer has been granted the right to use the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM and related indices, including the Individual Commodity Indices for the issuance and trading of, 
inter alia, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and the right to use and refer to the trademarks 
of UBS Securities and Bloomberg associated with such Commodity Indices for certain purposes in 
connection with the issuance, distribution, marketing and promotion of, inter alia, the Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. The Licence Agreement also permits ManJer to post on its website delayed 
intraday and settlement pricing for such Commodity Indices. The Licence Agreement automatically 
renews on an annual basis unless terminated in accordance with the agreement. 
ManJer will, out of the Licence Allowance, pay such fees as are due under the Licence Agreement from 
time to time. 
The Issuer has the right to use the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Three Month ForwardSM and sub-indices thereof including the Commodity Indices, the Multi-Tenor 
Indices and the trademarks of UBS Securities and/or Bloomberg in connection with the issuance, 
marketing and promotion of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities, provided it agrees to be bound 
by all the provisions of the Licence Agreement as if it were the licencee thereunder including, without 
limitation, those provisions imposing any obligations on ManJer. 
 
5. 
ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
75 classes of Classic Individual Securities and 75 classes of Longer Dated Individual Securities are 
specifically described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts (which are also the minimum 
denominations) of such Individual Securities are or will be as follows: 
Class of Australian Dollar Classic Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Cocoa – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6TFLC60 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Coffee – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G8B58 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Copper – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G8D72 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Corn – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G9455 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Cotton – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G9679 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G9F61 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gasoline – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GB502 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gold – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GB726 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GBG16 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Lead – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GBJ47 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GC807 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GCB36 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GCK27 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Nickel – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GCM41 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Platinum – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GDC18 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Silver – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GDF49 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GDL09 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GDN23 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Sugar – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78GDQ53 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Tin – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BXM66 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Wheat – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78C8D55 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78G9C31 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Zinc – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78C9C14 
A$1.00000000

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Class of Euro Classic Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VG2P72 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged* 
JE00B7305Z55 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B42J4225 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Coffee – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6TK3K31 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Copper – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4PDKD43 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Corn – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B3ZQRP79 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Cotton – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B70DCH80 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6SQSH41 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4M7L470 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4RKQV36 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4NY1476 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Lead – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4KT2649 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5VJDT07 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5N1XY92 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XF0923 
€0.40 
WisdomTree Nickel – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XL6W59 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Platinum – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XCXP01 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5SV2703 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4Z1GQ33 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6SLJ210 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Sugar – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6X05031 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Tin – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B42XW970 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Wheat – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NNK09 
€1.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B44F1611 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Zinc – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NNM23 
€1.00 
Class of Sterling Classic Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B766KS89 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged* 
JE00B766LB87 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76DHZ53 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Coffee – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76DJJ36 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Copper – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76DL312 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Corn – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76DLN10 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Cotton – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B46KQC57 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B58GWT77 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B67HVD58 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gold – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B3P6PX15 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B597K516 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Lead – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B763LK89 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76D0D48 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76CH635 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B3NZX813 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Nickel – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XJ6B82 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Platinum – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B5WF7H38 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Silver – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6SVPM32 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4P4Q069 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B57DR491 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Sugar – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4Y1K950 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Tin – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4X8QR79 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Wheat – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B703Z021 
£1.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil – GBP Daily Hedged* 
JE00B6RV6N28 
£0.08 
WisdomTree Zinc – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4VRS258 
£1.00 
Class of Australian Dollar Longer Dated 
Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BP750 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BDF93 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78F3K62 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B53S9310 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B70DNV97 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B4KH6Q65 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B45P0636 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B72W3033 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B4R3LB79 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B70CWF30 
A$1.00000000

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VBKN68 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XC9B84 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B704MP93 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B57GK721 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6X4B077 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B45NGH03 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B3PCG036 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6W0MC59 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B7014F44 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VC7B64 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B70DSX66 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B7052S59 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B3ZX7N64 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B5163C40 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6QL8Q00 
A$1.00000000 
Class of Euro Longer Dated Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NR199 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NRS64 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NRV93 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NS270 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NS494 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B4Q0ZJ54 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XHZT34 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B58FKG77 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5LJC935 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B3LV7K12 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6QLK865 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5LFHD07 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5W6JZ87 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B72ZNF73 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B7082G24 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5KT5W86 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B70G3746 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XL6922 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B72XTS66 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5291G25 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B3XSPF16 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6ST8406 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B6TQNK16 
€1.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B5W25470 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B76D3248 
€1.00 
Class of Sterling Longer Dated Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B5B44S14 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VF1V36 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76KGC60 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76NB536 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76MZD64 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B5MYP876 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B56M5097 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B45PTX30 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B574J806 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B5BPVK59 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4VVMN64 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Lead Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B40L2P90 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76HK927 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76N7V14 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76KXL43 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76GPB66 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Platinum Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6SLY482 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B57R3328 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B58DVH91 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76FYM71 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76M7L83 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Tin Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B76G5M78 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6ZYV502 
£1.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged   JE00B6VHS189 
£1.00

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6S1SP71 
£1.00 
 
* denotes a class of Multi-Tenor Securities. 
 
In addition, 30 classes of Classic Index Securities and 30 classes of Longer Dated Index 
Securities are specifically described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts 
(which are also the minimum denominations) of such Index Securities are as follows: 
Class of Australian Dollar Classic Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BL221 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Energy – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BJZ10 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Petroleum – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78DNF57 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78D9N50 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78DKH66 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XCPC14 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Agriculture – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78D8X83 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Softs – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B78BC857 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Livestock – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B63JWM17 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Grains – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6TQPM79 
A$1.00000000 
Class of Euro Classic Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NNS84 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Energy – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NNV14 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Petroleum – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NPL55 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NPN79 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NPQ01 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NPW60 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Agriculture – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NPY84 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Softs – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NQP68 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Livestock – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NQR82 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Grains – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B78NQZ66 
€1.00 
Class of Sterling Classic Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6S1W779 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Energy – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B3SH1K04 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Petroleum – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B60VJ072 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4X74F82 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Precious Metals – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B542T323 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B63MJ075 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Agriculture – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6RPM472 
£1.00 
Class of Sterling Classic Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Softs – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B41W8W09 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Livestock – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B72VKJ84 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Grains – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6XFZL91 
£1.00 
Class of Australian Dollar Longer Dated Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree All Commodities Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  JE00B6VCLJ21 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VTNP30 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B6QN3B65 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B709XL73 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged JE00B704V291 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged  JE00B6VNND30 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B4N70R27 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B3QQHP64 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B4TTTL91 
A$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B4KCDY84 
A$1.00000000

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
Class of Euro Longer Dated Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged JE00B460QR00 €1.00 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B767YP69 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B76BW875 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B764NX81 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged  JE00B764YK26 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged  JE00B764SP52 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B7651712 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B764GG24 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B766HJ85 
€1.00 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B766J253 
€1.00 
Class of Sterling Longer Dated Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree All Commodities Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged  JE00B51YNT57 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4QMXG43 
£1.00 
Class of Sterling Longer Dated Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6S4Q858 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Ex-Energy Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B4X9VT79 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged JE00B6ZSSM84 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged JE00B6TL7R12 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B5NPY601 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6SMWM59 £1.00 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VL0T21 
£1.00 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B6VKP833 
£1.00 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any 
other currency-hedged commodity index calculated and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any of 
its Affiliates) in accordance with the Handbook and denominated in any currency, provided that the 
Issuer can create matching Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. To the extent that this 
Prospectus does not provide full details of such class or classes of Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and 
details of the relevant currency-hedged commodity index) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities) and Condition 18 
the Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities of any class into Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities of the same 
class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Consolidated or divided 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus and to the extent 
that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such consolidated or divided Currency- Hedged 
Commodity Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount 
thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental 
hereto. 
 
6. 
Sources 
The information given under the heading “Composition and Weightings” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) is sourced from the Handbook. 
The information given in “Table 2(a) — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts” and 
“Table 2(b) — Lead Futures Contracts for Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM” under the heading 
“Designated Contracts” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) is sourced from the 
Handbook. 
The information given in “Table 5 – Historical correlation coefficients between the returns of hedged 
currency (vs US Dollar) and the returns of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM expressed in US Dollars” 
under the heading “Historical correlation coefficients” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) is sourced from ManJer and the Website. 
The data reproduced in the charts entitled “Table 6 — Case 1 – All commodities/Australian Dollar” in 
Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) is extracted from index data published by Bloomberg 
and made available on the website at http://www.djindexes.com/commodity/ and calculations performed 
by ManJer.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
Aluminium 
The statements under the heading “Aluminium” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau, and the United States Geological Survey website (http://www.usgs.gov). 
 
Brent Crude 
The statements under the heading “Brent Crude” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the website of Platts (https://www.spglobal.com/platts/en), a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies. 
 
Cocoa 
The statements under the heading “Cocoa” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Cocoa Organization 
(https://www.icco.org/about-cocoa/growing-cocoa.html). 
 
Coffee 
The statements under the heading “Coffee” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Coffee Organization website (http://www.ico.org). 
 
Copper 
The statements under the heading “Copper” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Copper Study Group website (http://www.icsg.org) and the 
Copper Development Association (https://www.copper.org/). 
 
Corn 
The statements under the heading “Corn” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Cotton 
The statements under the heading “Cotton” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Gas Oil 
The statements under the heading “Gas Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the websites of the Energy Information Administration 
(http://www.eia.gov) and Total UK Limited (http://www.total.co.uk). 
Gasoline 
The statements under the heading “Gasoline” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005 published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Gold 
The statements under the heading “Gold” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the Thomson Reuters GFMS Limited Gold Survey 2013 and World Gold 
Council. 
 
Heating Oil 
The statements under the heading “Heating Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Kansas Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Kansas Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the United States Department of Agriculture 
(http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx) 
and 
the 
Kansas 
City 
Board 
of 
Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html). 
 
Lead 
The statements under the heading “Lead” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Lead and Zinc Study Group 
(http://www.ilzsg.org) and Lead Development Association International (https://www.ila-lead.org). 
 
Lean Hogs 
The statements under the heading “Lean Hogs” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Live Cattle 
The statements under the heading “Live Cattle” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Natural Gas 
The statements under the heading “Natural Gas” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Nickel 
The statements under the heading “Nickel” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau and the Nickel Institute (http://www.nickelinstitute.org). 
 
Platinum 
The statements under the heading “Platinum” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Platinum Group Metals Association 
(http://www.ipa-news.com/pgm/platinum/index.htm) 
and 
GFMS 
Thomson 
Reuters 
(https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/gfms/). 
 
Silver 
The statements under the heading “Silver” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the Silver Institute website (http://www.silverinstitute.org). 
 
Soybean Meal 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Meal” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the United States Department of Agriculture, and the Chicago 
Board of Trade (https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops/) and The CRB Commodity 
Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research Bureau. 
Soybean Oil 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
Soybeans 
The statements under the heading “Soybeans” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Sugar 
The statements under the heading “Sugar” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
Tin 
The statements under the heading “Tin” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau and the International Tin Association (www.internationaltin.org) and the U.S. 
Geological Survey website (http://www.usgs.gov). 
Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
WTI Crude Oil 
The statements under the heading “WTI Crude Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) that over the past several decades oil has been the world’s foremost source 
of primary energy consumption, and that the behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting 
Countries (OPEC) is often the key to price developments in the world crude oil market are derived from 
the International Energy Outlook, published by the Energy Information Administration. 
Zinc 
The statements under the heading “Zinc” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Futures Markets 
The statements under the heading “Futures Markets” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission website 
(www.cftc.gov), and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange website (https://www.cmegroup.com/). 
 
Exchanges 
The statements under the heading “CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade, now merged with CME)” in Part 9 
(Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Board 
of Trade website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, 
Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 
website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade)” in Part 9 (Commodities, 
Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Kansas City Board of Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “LME (London Metal Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the London Metal Exchange website 
(http://www.lme.com). 
The statements under the heading “ICE Futures U.S.” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, 
and 
Exchanges) 
are 
derived 
from 
the 
Intercontinental 
Exchange 
website 
(http://www.theice.com). 
The statements under the heading “NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.)” in Part 9 
(Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the New York 
Mercantile Exchange website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
To the extent that the information referred to in this paragraph 6 above has been sourced from a third 
party, such information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the referenced third party source, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
None of the documents or websites referred to in this paragraph 6 above are incorporated into or form 
part of this Prospectus and no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages 
referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
 
7. 
General 
(a) 
The Issuer’s auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle 
Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Company’s auditors were previously KPMG 
Channel Islands Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who 
audited the Company’s annual accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 
to 3 December 2019. The annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018 
and 31 December 2019 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the 
London Stock Exchange on 13 March 2019 and on 15 May 2020 respectively are incorporated in 
this 
document 
by 
reference 
and 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 
2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the 
‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS 
Hedged Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2018’ and ‘WisdomTree Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited – Annual Account 2019’) and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in 
paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information). The annual audited accounts of the Issuer will 
generally be published within 4 months of year end, currently 31 December each year. Half-yearly 
unaudited accounts will generally be published within 4 months of the mid-year end, currently 30 
June in each year. Each of the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts will 
be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en- gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080- 
3C2DADB050A7 under (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey 
Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited – Interim Accounts’). 
(b) 
The Issuer’s financial statements will be presented in US Dollars. The value of any assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than US Dollars is converted into US Dollars at rates 
quoted by independent sources. The valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer attributable 
to any Pool is determined under the supervision of the Board. The Commodity Contracts 
constitute an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, the 
Commodity Contracts are valued at the Price as at the date of valuation. 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in issue constitute a liability of the Issuer. The actual 
contractual issue and redemption of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and Commodity 
Contracts occur at the Price calculated in accordance with the formula in this Prospectus so that 
any gains or losses on the liability represented by the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
are matched by gains or losses attributable to the Commodity Contracts. 
For the purposes of the Issuer’s financial statements, the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
are valued at the current mid-market price that they are quoted at on a stock exchange as at the 
date of valuation. This results in a difference between the value of the Commodity Contracts and 
the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in issue which shows as either a profit or a loss in 
the accounts. This profit or loss would be reversed on a subsequent redemption of the Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities and cancellation of the equivalent Commodity Contracts. 
(c) 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2019. 
(d) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period of 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in the recent past, significant 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
(e) 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities issued 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only 
and investors should be aware that there is no trading facility for Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities there.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
(f) 
All Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in issue at the date of this document have been 
admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock 
Exchange ). Applications have been made to the FCA for all Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities issued within 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to the Official 
List and to the London Stock Exchange for all such Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to 
be admitted to trading on the Main Market. 
(g) 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Listing Rules, the 
Transparency Rules and the Transparency Directive. Each Pricing Day the Issuer will publish 
Prices, Capital Adjustments and collateral yields on its website as described under the heading 
“Pricing and Trading of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities” in Part 1 (General). Save as 
aforesaid, the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
(h) 
The securitised assets backing the issue being the Commodity Contracts, the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control Agreement, the BAC Guarantee, the 
CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement, the CGML Control Agreement and the 
CGMH Guarantee have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service 
any payments due and payable on the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
 
8. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities remain 
outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during normal business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer in printed form: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Services Agreement; 
(c) 
the form of Authorised Participant Agreements; 
(d) 
the form of Security Assignments; 
(e) 
the Trust Instrument and supplemental trust instruments thereto; 
(f) 
the Security Deed and deeds of amendment thereto; and 
(g) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer. 
Copies of this Prospectus and the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree 
Management Jersey Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW. 
The 
document 
listed 
at 
8(a) 
and 
8(g) 
is 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
The 
documents 
listed 
at 
8(b) 
to 
8(f) 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
Website 
at  
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-
778F-4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Prospectus - Jersey Issuers – Documents Available for 
Inspection’ tab. 
 
9. 
Jersey Law Consents 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission, in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) 
(Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law, 1988, as 
amended, (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to Currency-Hedged 
Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against 
liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions thereunder.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness 
of the Issuer or the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
 
10. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The 
following restrictions on offer and sales apply. 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not 
be required to register the offer and sale of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities under the Securities 
Act, so that the Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and related rules and to address certain ERISA (defined below), U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and other considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Issuer 
determines in its sole discretion to remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Currency-
Hedged Commodity Securities to trade them. 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act or any other applicable law of the United States. Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-US Persons in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act and related rules. Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and any 
beneficial interest therein may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United 
States or to US Persons. If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person 
(being a US Person who is not a “qualified purchaser” as defined in the Investment Company Act), the 
Issuer may redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the 
Issuer or the Trustee” (Condition 8). 
The Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee 
benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” 
to which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing 
Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be 
modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject 
to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or 
section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities on behalf 
of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity (a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). 
If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may 
redeem the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with 
the provisions of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or the 
Trustee” (Condition 8). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities and on the 
distribution of this Prospectus are set out in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
 
 
11. 
Consent to use of Prospectus by Financial Intermediaries in certain Member States and the 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content 
of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Commodity Securities in any of Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, 
the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm 
within the meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. 
The Issuer has also consented to the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, and has accepted 
responsibility for the content of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by 
way of public offer of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities in the United Kingdom by any financial 
intermediary which is an investment firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under 
Part 4A of FSMA. Each such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
offer during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn 
prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer’s website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must 
state on its website that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the 
conditions attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make  a 
final placement by way of public offer of the Commodity Securities, such financial intermediary 
may not reuse this Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions 
identified in the Final Terms, provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The financial intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to 
sell Commodity Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Commodity Securities 
may be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally 
eligible to participate in a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable 
laws and regulations. 
 
12. 
Data Protection 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred 
or otherwise processed. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf 
of a prospective individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the 
Issuer in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s service providers for the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to anti- 
money laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service 
provider to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to 
compliance with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting 
standard or any legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to 
implement a similar tax reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Currency- 
Hedged Commodity Securities and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer's service providers to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide 
services for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer,

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
redemption and registration of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do 
not offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data 
is disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and/or its 
service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such 
data as described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred 
to above. 
 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to 
Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative 
in the UK pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018 .

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
für 
• [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der •] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
der 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
eingeteilt in Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] 
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz in 
Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (im Folgenden “Clearstream” genannt), als Deckung • 
[siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der •] Namensschuldverschreibungen (im Folgenden “Schuldverschreibungen” 
genannt) der WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (im 
Folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt). Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 23 Februar 2012 zwischen der 
Gesellschaft 
und der The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
in seiner 
jeweils 
geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im Folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen 
sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert, und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit 
einem Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind auf Vidacos 
Nominees Limited, London, England, eingetragen und in einem bei der Citibank N.A., London, England, 
unterhaltenen Sonderdepot, verwahrt. Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit von Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von [Klasse der •] Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf seinen 
Namen 
oder 
den 
Namen 
eines 
von 
ihm 
benannten 
Dritten 
in 
das 
maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister, zu verlangen. 
Im Übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten Zertifikatsbedingungen, die 
Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind. 
Frankfurt am Main, den ... 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
ANNEX 2 
 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
1. 
Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes und eines Prokuristen der Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im folgenden “Clearstream” genannt). 
2. 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream 
die 
Auslieferung 
und 
Registrierung 
einer 
seinem 
Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von • [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der •] Namensschuldverschreibungen 
(im folgenden “Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der WisdomTree Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (im Folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt) auf 
seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 23 Februar 
2012 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in seiner 
jeweils geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) begründeten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert und in 
Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. 
Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat der Miteigentümer der Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu 
erteilen, wobei die Lieferadresse bzw. die Adresse, an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der 
Eintragung in das Schuldverschreibungsregister durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, 
angegeben sein muss. 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches 
bestimmten Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige mit der 
Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu tragen. 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden. 
3. 
Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe seines 
Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen, 
soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des Rechts von Jersey, Channel 
Islands, zustehen. 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die Clearstream an 
den Miteigentümer weiter. 
Im Übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen und 
Bedingungen. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen nach Maßgabe der jeweils geltenden 
Devisenvorschriften in EURO, es sei denn, dass der Miteigentümer rechtzeitig vor Fälligkeit 
Zahlung in USD (United States Dollars) verlangt hat. 
4. 
Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anlässlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem benannten 
Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen lassen. 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen sowie die 
Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur Ausübung des 
Stimmrechts im Vorfeld einer solchen Gläubigerversammlung bekanntzugeben. 
5. 
Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu tragen. Die Clearstream

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
ist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, allein auf Grund der Tatsache 
unterworfen wird, dass sie die Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle Miteigentümer nach Maßgabe 
ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat umzulegen. 
6. 
Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß. 
7. 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank N.A., London, England, (im Folgenden “Verwahrer” 
genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Ltd., London, England, (im 
Folgenden “Nominee” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch eine andere Person zu 
ersetzen. Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf die sorgfältige Auswahl. 
Unberührt bleibt die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des Verwahrers oder des Nominees 
selbst wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle 
Bezugnahmen auf den Verwahrer bzw. den Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen 
auf den neuen Verwahrer bzw. Nominee. 
8. 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form nicht 
mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die Zulassung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen a.m. Inhaber- Sammelzertifikat zum 
Handel und zur amtlichen Notierung an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen zurückgenommen, so wird 
die Clearstream die Miteigentümer auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. 
Wird dieser Auftrag nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 3 Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der 
Aufforderung erteilt, so ist die Clearstream nach ihrem Ermessen berechtigt, die Eintragung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf den Namen des Miteigentümers oder eines in der Aufforderung 
benannten Dritten zu veranlassen und die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer in der Aufforderung 
angegebenen Stelle für den Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit 
erlöschen die Pflichten der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat. 
9. 
Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden in mindestens je 
einem überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt der deutschen Wertpapierbörsen veröffentlicht werden, 
an denen die Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber- 
Sammelzertifikat gehandelt und amtlich notiert werden. 
10. 
Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und Schäden, 
die 
den 
für 
das 
Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat 
als 
Deckung 
gehaltenen 
Bestand 
an 
Schuldverschreibungen infolge höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, 
Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, die die 
Clearstream oder der Verwahrer nicht zu vertreten haben. 
Die Clearstream wird alle Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der Sorgfalt 
eines ordentlichen Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, Regierungserlasse, 
Krieg, Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder andere Umstände, die sie 
nicht zu vertreten hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen gehindert, so trifft sie keine 
Verantwortung. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten der 
Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die sorgfältige 
Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten der 
Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die sorgfältige 
Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of 
the Issuer or the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
11. 
Sollte irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise rechtsunwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon unberührt. Für 
unwirksame oder undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieses 
Vertragsverhältnisses entsprechende Regelung gelten. 
12. 
Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Eine Änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte der 
Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche Vorschriften 
bedingt ist.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
ANNEX 3 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited under the 
Programme for the Issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE HEDGED COMMODITY 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380027D6CN9S37B135 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 109413) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Classic/Longer Dated] [Individual/Index] Securities 
(the “Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities referred to above. The Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 23 February 2012 as amended and 
supplemented by trust instruments supplemental thereto between the Issuer and The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Words and 
expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and (2) the filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any 
supplement, which are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and   Rule 
PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
In order to get the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are as follows: 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class: 
[•] 
Creation Price: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Aggregate Number of Currency-Hedged 
[•] 
Commodity Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the 
[•] 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply: 
Maximum number/amount of Currency-Hedged 
[•] 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the class 
being issued pursuant to these Final Terms:

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
Exchange[s] on which Currency-Hedged Commodity 
[London Stock Exchange*] 
Securities are admitted to trading: 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission to the UK 
Official List and to trading on the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange are 
not offers or admission to trading made 
under the Prospectus Regulation but are 
such offers and admission to trading for the 
purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended 
by Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view 
of Russia’s actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
ANNEX 
 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific Summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
ANNEX 4 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities to the public under the 
Programme for the Issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE HEDGED COMMODITY 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380027D6CN9S37B135 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 109413) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Classic/Longer Dated] [Individual/Index] Securities 
(the “Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities referred to above. The Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 23 February 2012 as amended and 
supplemented by trust instruments supplemental thereto between the Issuer and The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities. Words and 
expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and (2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any 
supplement, which are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and   Rule 
PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
In order to get the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities may be made by the Issuer or by [•] with LEI [•] 
(each a “Permitted Offeror”) in [Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
Luxembourg, Norway, Spain and Sweden] [ the United Kingdom (please note that such offers in the 
United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation)] (“Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•]. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities are as follows: 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Creation Price: 
[•] 
Aggregate Number of Currency-Hedged 
[•] 
Commodity Securities to which these Final Terms applies:

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the 
[•] 
Currency-Hedged Commodity Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply: 
Maximum number/amount of Currency-Hedged 
[•] 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the class 
being issued pursuant to these Final Terms: 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
[•] 
description of the arrangement and time for 
announcing to the public the amount of the offer: 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[•] 
The time period including any possible amendments 
[•] 
during which the Offer will be open and a description 
of the application process: 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
[•] 
amount of application: 
Details of the method and time limits for paying 
[•] 
up and delivering the Currency-Hedged Commodity 
Securities: 
Manner in and date on which results of 
[•] 
the offer are to be made public: 
Whether tranche(s) have 
[•] 
been reserved for certain countries: 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
[•] 
allotted and the indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
[•] 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
[•] 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
[•] 
depository agents in each country: 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
[•] 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or under 
“best efforts” arrangements. Where not all of 
the issue is underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered: 
When the underwriting agreement has 
[•] 
been or will be reached: 
Name and address of calculation agent: 
[•]

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Exchange[s] on which Currency-Hedged Commodity 
[London Stock Exchange*] 
Securities are admitted to trading: 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official 
List and to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange are not offers or 
admission to trading made under the 
Prospectus Regulation but are such offers 
and admission to trading for the purposes of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended 
by Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view 
of Russia’s actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 245 ---
ANNEX 
 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific Summary to the Final Terms)