--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base prospectus dated 4 January 2021  
 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
(formerly known as ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited) 
LEI Code 213800RQ5IZ9TSM9MO86 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 108311) 
Prospectus for the issue of 
 
WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
initially comprising: 
Australian Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Euro Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Singapore Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
and 
Sterling Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of exchange traded 
currency-hedged metal securities (the “Currency-Hedged Metal Securities”) by WisdomTree Hedged Metal 
Securities Limited (the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
the quality of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council on the Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.  
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as 
competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves this 
base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Such approval by the FCA should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that are 
the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply 
where Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is made to the public (within 
the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The 
Prospectus Regulation applies where Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an offer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is made to the to the 
public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member 
States of the European Economic Area. Accordingly Investors should be aware that they will only have the 
rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions 
apply and will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making any 
investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation 
to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are undated secured limited 
recourse debt securities of the Issuer. Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are designed to provide Australian 
Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar and Pound Sterling investors with a means of investing in physical precious 
metals without the necessity of taking delivery of the physical precious metals, to enable investors to buy and 
sell that interest through the trading of a security on a stock exchange and to hedge such security against 
exchange rate movements. 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors 
may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities can go down as well as up. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of 
risk and may not be suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is advisable that any person 
wishing to invest seeks appropriate financial, tax and other advice from an independent financial 
advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and qualifications and an investment in Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities is only suitable for persons who understand the economic risk of an 
investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite period 
of time. A prospective investor should be aware that their entire investment in Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities may be lost. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities required to enable them to make an informed assessment 
of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) the 
rights attaching to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are contained in the Conditions under the heading 
“The Conditions” in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) and are completed by the 
Final Terms specific to a particular issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which will be published and 
delivered to the Central Bank and the UK Listing Authority before such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are 
issued. 
Worked examples of how an investor can calculate the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder calculate the value of their investment?). 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the Programme, 
the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating to an investment in Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to which they relate, 
including the class and number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be issued and the issue price 
applicable to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set out in 
the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors and 
prospective investors. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any information that has been 
incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and any Final Terms issued 
are available at https://www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Programme for the Issue of 
WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Important Information 
A. 
Approvals 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
for the purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been made 
available to the public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. This document has also 
been filed with the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, as amended at the date hereof and has 
been made available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that Regulation. Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities will be available to be issued on a continuous basis during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this document. A prospective investor should be aware that compensation will not be available under 
the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended 
(the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the discharge 
of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is 
protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the 
Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or 
transferred in or into the United States (including its territories and possessions) or to or for the benefit of any 
U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a “US Person”), except pursuant to 
registration or an exemption. The Issuer has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment 
company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company 
Act”), and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such registration. Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
offered and sold outside the United States may be offered to persons who are not US Persons in reliance upon 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each of the Authorised Participants has, pursuant to its Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer, undertaken not to offer or sell the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
within the United States or to any US Person, nor will it engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as such term 
is defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Prohibited US Persons and Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities should note the provisions in the Conditions under the heading 
“Compulsory Redemption for Cause” (Condition 7.7) in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities). 
B. 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for 
all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this prospectus 
to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading 
on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities there. The Central Bank approval of the programme relates only to the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFIDII or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area. 
Application has also been made to the UK Listing Authority for all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued 
within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock 
Exchange for all classes of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of 
the London Stock Exchange. 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not 
offers made under the Prospectus Regulation or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to trading 
for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the admission of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange 
and do not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such securities may be listed. 
Certain of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) and on the ETFplus market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
C. 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to effect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be construed as advice 
on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or the exercise of 
any rights attached thereto for the purposes of the Jersey Financial Services Law 1988. 
None of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, 
MSIP, MS&Co or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group has separately verified the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made, and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the 
Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP, MS&Co or any other member of the 
Morgan Stanley Group as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with Currency- Hedged Metal Securities or their distribution. Each 
person applying for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in accordance with the Prospectus acknowledges that 
(i) such person has not relied on the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian, MSIP or MS&Co, nor on 
any person affiliated with any of them, in connection with its investment decision or its investigation of the 
accuracy of the information contained herein; (ii) Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of any other person including the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP, MS&Co or any other member 
of the Morgan Stanley Group; and (iii) the obligations of the Issuer to Security Holders under the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities are not guaranteed by the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian, any other 
member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP, MS&Co or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group. 
The Authorised Participants have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. None of the Authorised Participants makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Prospectus or to the suitability of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities for any investor. None of the 
Authorised Participants undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Authorised Participants. 
Neither MSIP nor any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group has structured Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities or provided any advice or information in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (subject to a 
limited exception for information provided by MSIP in relation to itself) nor accepts any responsibility in respect 
of this Prospectus or any other disclosure document or advertising materials in connection with the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
None of the Issuer, ManJer or any Affiliate of ManJer, the Authorised Participants, MSIP, any Affiliate of MSIP 
(including, without limitation, MS&Co), the Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, the 
Trustee or the Security Trustee makes any representations as to (i) the suitability of any Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities for any particular investor; (ii) the appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax 
consequences of an investment in any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; or (iii) the expected performance 
of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, either in absolute terms or relative to competing investments. 
WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rates provided by the World Markets Company plc (“WM”) in conjunction with 
Thomson Reuters. WM shall not be liable for any errors in or delays in providing or making available the data 
contained within this service or for any actions taken in reliance on the same, except to the extent that the 
same is directly caused by its or its employees’ negligence. 
Each person applying for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in accordance with this Prospectus acknowledges 
that (i) such person has not relied on the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian, MSIP or MS&Co, nor 
on any person affiliated with any of them, in connection with its investment decision or its investigation of the 
accuracy of the information contained herein; (ii) Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of any other person including the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP, MS&Co or any other member 
of the Morgan Stanley Group; and (iii) the obligations of the Issuer to Security Holders under the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are not guaranteed by the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian, any other 
member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP, MS&Co or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or any other securities issued by the Issuer and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the 
Custodian, any other member of the JPMorgan Chase Group, MSIP or MS&Co or any other member of the 
Morgan Stanley Group or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Each person contemplating making an investment in 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities must make its own investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and its own determination of the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own 
investment objectives and experience and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with 
such investment, and it is advisable that such persons obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal 
advice and consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities as an investment, and conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
risks, security arrangements and cash-flows associated with Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as they deem 
appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to the risks involved in investing in Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities should consult its independent professional advisers. 
The obligations of the Issuer to Security Holders are not guaranteed by any member of the Morgan Stanley 
Group or any other person and no Security Holder has any direct rights of enforcement against such person. 
D. 
Investors to Make Their Own Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent 
accounting, tax and legal advice and may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to 
ascertain the suitability of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders 
may wish to conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, 
delivery processes and cash-flows associated with Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as they deem 
appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
E. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, the Issuer will 
either prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall 
constitute a supplementary prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 
87G of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or prepare and make available a further base prospectus 
in compliance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of each 
section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
11 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities and should be carefully 
considered by a prospective investor. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
27 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions 
about 
the 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Securities. 
Classes of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities 
31 
This section sets out a list of classes of Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities that the Issuer is making 
available for issue. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
32 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
54 
This section sets out the names and business 
addresses of the directors of the Issuer and of the 
entities which provide services and legal advice to 
the Issuer. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
57 
This section details the documents incorporated into 
this Prospectus by reference and details where 
copies of these documents can be found. These 
documents are part of this Prospectus and should be 
carefully considered by a potential investor. 
Part 1 
General 
58 
This section provides a description of the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities and the role of the different 
parties in the structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
calculate the value of their 
investment? 
67 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
Overview of the Precious 
Metals Markets and the 
Indices 
70 
This section provides an overview of the precious 
metals markets both generally and also specifically 
in respect of platinum, palladium, gold and silver to 
help an investor decide whether an investment in a 
product which tracks a particular precious metal is 
appropriate for them. This section also provides a 
description of how the currency hedge overlay works 
by reference to the indices calculated by Morgan 
Stanley & Co. LLC.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Part 4 
Description of Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities 
83 
This section provides a description of the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities as well as details of the 
rights attached to the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, how the price of each Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security is calculated and details of how 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Securities 
can 
be 
redeemed. 
Part 5 
The Programme 
94 
This section provides information on where this 
Prospectus has been passported to allow the public 
offer of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
take place and provides information on the 
settlement and delivery process on each of the 
exchanges 
where 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Securities are admitted to trading. 
Part 6 
Trust Instrument and 
Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities 
98 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities – the Trust Instrument – and sets out the 
details of the approval of the issue of the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities. It includes an extract from 
the Trust Instrument under the heading “The 
Conditions” which sets out the terms and conditions 
which 
apply 
to 
the 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Securities. This extract is drafted in legal language 
as it is taken directly from the Trust Instrument but 
information on how the terms and conditions apply to 
Security Holders is contained throughout this 
Prospectus, including in Part 1 and Part 4. 
Part 7 
Particulars of the Security 
Deed 
151 
The Security Deed creates security over, and gives 
investors (through the Security Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying assets relating to each class of security. 
This section contains details of the terms of the 
rights granted by the Security Deed and when these 
rights become enforceable. 
Part 8 
Custody and the Custodian 
Agreements 
156 
The Custodian is responsible for the safe keeping of 
the physical precious metals which back the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. This section 
contains details of the Custodian and the service it 
provides, along with the terms of the rights granted 
by the Custodian Agreements and when these rights 
become enforceable. 
Part 9 
Description of the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation 
and Metal Adjustment 
Contracts 
161 
This section provides a description of the Metal 
Adjustment 
Documentation 
and 
the 
Metal 
Adjustment Contracts by which the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities are hedged. 
Part 10 
Particulars of the FX 
Counterparty 
168 
This section contains details relating to Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc (“MSIP”), the sole FX 
Counterparty, with whom the Issuer has entered into 
the Metal Adjustment Documentation and the Metal 
Adjustment Contracts.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Part 11 
Global Bearer Certificates 
169 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates, which is set out in Annex 1 and which is 
only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange. 
Part 12 
Taxation 
172 
This section sets out the tax treatment of holding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in the UK, Ireland 
and Jersey. 
Part 13 
Additional Information 
179 
This section sets out further information on the Issuer 
which the Issuer believes a potential investor will 
want to be aware of or which the Issuer is required 
to include under applicable rules. This section also 
includes details of the material contracts relating to 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, other than 
the Trust Instrument, which is covered in Part 6, the 
Security Deed, which is covered in Part 7, the 
Custodian Agreements, which are covered in Part 8, 
and the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal 
Adjustment Contracts, which are covered in Part 9. 
Annex 1 
Form of the Global 
Bearer Certificates 
190 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates, which is only relevant to 
investors wishing to purchase Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
The English translation of this text is included in Part 
11 of this Prospectus. 
Annex 2 
Text of the Conditions of 
the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
191 
This section sets out the German text of the 
conditions of the German Global Bearer Certificates, 
which is only relevant to investors wishing to 
purchase Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The English translation of 
this text is contained in Part 11 of this Prospectus. 
Annex 3 
Form of Final Terms 
194 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities to a securities house or 
other market professional approved by the Issuer 
and which has entered into an agreement with the 
Issuer in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. This details the class and number of 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Securities 
and 
other 
relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary included 
in this document and adjusted to be relevant only to 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued under 
the Final Terms. Each time that Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities are issued by the Issuer, a Final 
Terms document is prepared by the Issuer and 
submitted to the Central Bank and notified to the 
competent authority in each European jurisdiction 
into which the product is passported. The Final 
Terms document is also submitted to the FCA. 
Completed Final Terms documents are available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Annex 4 
Form of Final Terms – 
Public Offers 
198 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish if it issues any Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities to the public pursuant to a 
public offer rather than to a securities house or other 
market professional (as set out at Annex 3). This 
details the class and number of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities and other relevant information 
applicable to the issue and when completed will also 
include an issue specific summary which is taken 
from the summary included in this document and 
adjusted to be relevant only to the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities issued under the Final Terms. Each 
time that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are 
issued by the Issuer, a Final Terms document is 
prepared by the Issuer and submitted to the Central 
Bank and notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction into which the product is 
passported. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
All of these risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose some or the entire value of their investment or part of their investment in 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities Risk Factors 
General 
Bullion Prices 
The value of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is intended to be directly related to the value of an equivalent 
investment in Bullion. 
Bullion prices generally may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are 
major Bullion producers; 
 
global metal supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as exploration success, mine 
production and net forward selling activities by metal producers, jewellery demand, investment 
demand and industrial demand, net of any recycling; 
 
financial activities including investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large 
trading houses, producers, users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other 
speculators which could impact global supply or demand; and 
 
financial market factors such as investors’ expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation, 
movements in world equity, financial and property markets, interest rates and currency exchange 
rates, particularly the strength of and confidence in the US Dollar. 
Adverse movements in the price of Bullion may negatively affect the return to Security Holders who sell their 
securities when the price of the relevant Bullion has decreased since the time they purchased their Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities. Investors should be aware that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can go down in price as 
well as up and investors may lose the value of all or part of their investment. 
Shortage of Physical Bullion 
Bullion markets, particularly in platinum and palladium, have the potential to suffer from market disruption or 
volatility caused by shortages of physical Bullion. Such events could result in a spike in Bullion prices. Price 
spiking can also result in volatile forward rates and lease rates which could result in the bid-offer spread on 
any stock exchange or market where Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are traded to widen, reflecting short-
term forward rates in the relevant Bullion. 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19)

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that the WHO 
had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 and its subsequent mutations 
(“COVID-19”) as a pandemic. National governments and supranational organisations in multiple states 
have taken steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging 
home working, imposing travel restrictions, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and 
restricting or discouraging gatherings of people and business operations.  
Between 11 March 2020 and 30 November 2020 COVID 19 has had a substantial impact on the price of 
the underlying precious metals and consequently the corresponding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. .  
Spot Gold, Silver and Platinum rose by 6.6%, 30.1% and 11.4% respectively since the beginning of the 
year. Palladium on the other hand has remained static with a price increase of under 1% (Source: 
Bloomberg, 30 November 2020). Whilst it is too early to predict how COVID-19, the global response and 
public sentiment will affect precious metal prices and hence the Price of each class of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities, such effects may be significant and may be long term in nature. 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities trade on the London Stock Exchange (or any 
other exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the price of 
Bullion in the relevant Currency represented by such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The application and 
redemption procedures for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the role of certain Authorised Participants 
as market-makers are intended to minimise this potential difference or “tracking error”. However, the market 
price of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be a function of (amongst other things) costs incurred by 
Authorised Participants in subscribing for and requiring Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
(including any applicable Application Fees, Redemption Fees and taxes), supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Currency- Hedged Metal Securities and the bid-offer spread that market-
makers are willing to quote for Currency- Hedged Metal Securities. In addition, if new demand for Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities exceeds the availability of the physical Bullion required to create such new Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, then the issue of new Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be restricted and 
therefore Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may trade at a premium. Investors who pay a premium risk losing 
the premium if demand for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities reduces or when new Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities are issued. Investors are dependent on there being Authorised Participants making a market in 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in order to minimise tracking error and to provide investors with liquidity. 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Generally only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or requiring the redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, save in relation to Redemptions where at any time there are no Authorised 
Participants or in certain other limited circumstances as announced by the Issuer. The Issuer has agreed to 
use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there are at least two Authorised Participants. There 
can, however, be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer 
in applying for or redeeming Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Under the Metal Adjustment Documentation, the FX Counterparty has the right to give notice (with immediate 
or delayed effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain circumstances, 
including if the FX Counterparty deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant for 
credit, compliance, general business policy or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercise of such right, 
there could at any time be no Authorised Participants, with the result that no Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
could be created. In such event it may also be difficult or impossible to sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
on the London Stock Exchange (or other exchanges if Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are listed or traded 
thereon) at a price close to the Metal Entitlement therefor or within a reasonable time period, although Security 
Holders will be entitled to redeem their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
If there are no Authorised Participants actively applying for and redeeming Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
stock exchange liquidity in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the market price available to selling 
Security Holders are likely adversely to be affected. 
Early Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
An investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security 
Holder and at short notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Security Holder may suffer 
a loss if the cash value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if 
the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder, rather than on the date of the 
early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge that it would 
otherwise not be subject to. In addition, if the early redemption takes place at a time when the cash value of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Security 
Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. Early redemption may occur in the following circumstances: 
General right to effect an early redemption 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice, or upon not less than one day’s notice if notice 
is given by either party thereto terminating a Metal Adjustment Agreement or to cancel one or more Metal 
Adjustment Contracts created thereunder by nominating a Compulsory Cancellation Date by RIS 
announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or 
all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more type. The Issuer may also at any 
time by RIS announcement nominate a Business Day to be a date for the compulsory redemption of all or 
some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a particular type if (i) the corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts are to be subject of early termination in accordance with an ISDA Master Agreement, or 
(ii) as the result of certain disruption events, all or some of the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts are 
terminated under the terms of the ISDA Master Agreement applicable to such type of disruption event. 
Early Redemption on default 
The Trustee may, at any time an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer (including but not limited to the 
insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it 
or substantially the whole of its assets) or certain types of default or breach event relating to a FX Counterparty 
has occurred and is continuing, upon not less than two Business Days’ notice, give notice to the Issuer and by 
RIS announcement to the Security Holders that all the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities outstanding are to 
be redeemed. 
Early Redemption on termination 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than fourteen days’ written notice, redeem any 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by certain prohibited investors who have not provided appropriate 
certifications as to their status in accordance with the Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in 
the Conditions. 
Early Redemption on enforcement of security by FX Counterparty 
Subject to certain conditions, Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may also be automatically redeemed by the 
Issuer if a FX Counterparty elects to enforce its security if an insolvency or default or breach event of certain 
types in relation to such FX Counterparty has occurred and is continuing. 
Early Redemption due to significant fall in Price 
If on any Pricing Day the value of the Metal Entitlement of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any type falls 
to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Currency-Hedged Metal Security or below, the Issuer may for so long 
as the value of such Metal Entitlement remains at 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below and during the period 
60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS announcement Business day to be a date for 
the compulsory redemption of that type of Currency- Hedged Metal Security. 
Early Termination where there is no custodian and/or Metal Sale Counterparty 
The Custodian may terminate the Custodian Agreements upon 90 days’ written notice to the Issuer and Security 
Trustee. If the Custodian chooses to terminate the Custodian Agreements, then unless the Issuer is able to 
find a suitable replacement custodian, the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. In addition the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate automatically if the Secured 
Allocated Accounts Agreement is terminated. In the event that the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement is to 
be terminated and no replacement Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement is entered into, the Issuer may elect 
to redeem the outstanding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Custody Arrangements 
Custody and Insurance 
Bullion will be held by the Custodian at its London vault premises but may be held elsewhere by the Custodian 
or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the Custodian or by a delegate of a Sub-Custodian on a temporary basis 
prior to Bullion being transported to such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process or as 
required for settlement of the Aggregate Delivery Amount. Access to such Bullion could be restricted by natural 
events, such as flooding, or human actions, such as a terrorist attack. 
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements in connection with its custodial obligations with respect 
to Bullion in allocated form as it considers fit. The Custodian has no obligation to insure such Bullion against 
loss, theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend to insure against such risks. In addition, the Security 
Trustee is neither responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, nor 
responsible for insuring the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts, and will not be required to make any 
enquiry regarding such matters. Furthermore, neither the Issuer nor the Security Trustee will require any direct 
or indirect sub-custodians to be insured or bonded with respect to their custodial activities or in respect of the 
Bullion held by them pursuant to the Custodian Agreements. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Bullion could be lost, stolen or damaged and the Issuer would not be able 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which could result in a loss to 
Security Holders. 
The Custodian Agreements provide that, other than the Custodian’s obligations to make commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain delivery of Bullion from its Sub-Custodians, the Custodian has no responsibility for 
any action of any Sub-Custodians (unless the appointment of the relevant Sub-Custodian was made 
negligently or in bad faith). The Security Trustee has no direct relationship with any of the Sub-Custodians. 
Accordingly, the Security Trustee has no contractual rights to direct any Sub-Custodian. Its only contractual 
rights are, in certain circumstances, to direct the Custodian. Therefore, where Bullion is held by a Sub-
Custodian: (a) the Custodian may not be able to obtain delivery of the Bullion from the Sub-Custodian and 
consequently the Issuer would not be able to recover all amounts due to it and would not therefore have 
sufficient amounts to satisfy the Issuer’s delivery obligations to Security Holders; and/or (b) it may take longer 
to obtain delivery of the Bullion from the Sub-Custodian (than it would if the Bullion were held by the Custodian) 
and a Security Holder may therefore experience delays in receiving amounts due to them. 
Under the Custodian Agreements, the Custodian is only liable for losses that are the direct result of its own 
negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of its duties and then only up to the market value of the 
Bullion lost or damaged at the time such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by the Custodian. In 
addition, the Custodian is not liable for any delay in performance or any non-performance of any of its 
obligations under the Custodian Agreements by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including 
breakdown, malfunction or failure of transmission, communication or computer facilities. If any Bullion forming 
part of the Secured Property attributable to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is lost, damaged, stolen or 
destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Issuer and/or the Security Trustee, the 
responsible party may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) sufficient to 
satisfy the claim or may not readily be identifiable and the Issuer would not be able to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the Currency-Hedged Metals Securities resulting in a loss to Security Holders. 
The ability of the Issuer and the Security Trustee to monitor the performance of the Custodian may be limited 
because under the Custodian Agreements, the Security Trustee and the Issuer have only limited rights to visit 
the premises of the Custodian for the purpose of examining the Bullion and certain related records maintained 
by the Custodian. 
No investigation has been made as to the effectiveness of the security granted to the Security Trustee over 
the Bullion as against any Sub-Custodian. 
The Custodian is entitled to terminate the Custodian Agreements and the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
upon 90 days’ written notice (see paragraph 11 (Termination) of Part 8 (Custody and the Custodian 
Agreements)). 
The Custodian is regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority, but the custodial services provided

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
by the Custodian and any Sub-Custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently not a regulated 
activity subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA. 
Further details regarding the custody of Bullion are set out in Part 8 (Custody and the Custodian Agreements). 
Enforcement of Security by the Security Trustee 
In certain circumstances the Security Trustee may elect to, or be required to, enforce the security over the 
Secured Property for any class of Individual Securities (and category of Basket Securities to the extent 
comprised of Individual Securities of such class). Upon the enforcement of the security, claims may crystallise 
resulting in amounts due differing from those that would have applied in the absence of enforcement action 
and prior claims may arise under the security, reducing the amount otherwise available to meet the claims of 
Security Holders. In addition, the Security Trustee may be dependent upon the Issuer to make or cause to be 
made and publish its calculations of the Metal Entitlement of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. If the Issuer 
is unwilling or unable to make or publish such calculations the Trustee may incur additional costs (which would 
be deducted in calculating amounts due to Security Holders) and payments to Security Holders may be 
delayed. 
Bullion Price Risks 
Currency Hedging 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are designed to enable Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar and 
Sterling investors to gain exposure from a return from investing in physical Bullion through Individual Securities 
or baskets of physical Bullion through Basket Securities and through the operation of a hedge against such 
exposure to exchange rate movements between the US Dollar and the relevant currency (by way of the Daily 
Hedging Variation). The Daily Hedging Variation is calculated by reference to the Indices which track the 
variation in the exchange rate between US Dollar and the currency of denomination of the Individual Security, 
which are rebalanced daily. Such adjustment is made by adjusting the total theoretical futures positions 
represented by that Index on each Pricing Day to reflect the effect of foreign exchange movements on the 
value of the metal holdings since the immediately preceding Pricing Day. Such adjustment does not reflect a 
pure currency hedge (sometimes called a “quanto” hedge), in which the value in the relevant currency would 
rise or fall in direct proportion to rises and falls in the value in US Dollars of an unhedged investment, as 
investors will remain exposed to the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on any change in value of the 
underlying metal between the daily adjustments (the intra-day changes). 
Regulatory activity and lawsuits with respect to the London gold price may find historic manipulation of the 
previous London gold fix which in future may impact market confidence in the Fixing Price for gold 
The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd.’s decision to discontinue the London gold fix as the pricing benchmark 
for fine troy ounces of gold (“fine” meaning pure metal i.e. the actual content based on 100 per cent. purity) 
comes after increased attention has been directed to the use of various financial benchmarks and indices as 
price setting mechanisms for market transactions, including the London gold fix. Prior to the adoption of the 
LBMA PM Gold Price being the price for fine troy ounces of gold established and published by the ICE 
Benchmark Administration administered auction process during the session beginning at 3.00 p.m. as the new 
price determined by the price fixing process conducted under and for the purpose of the rules and procedures 
of the London Bullion Market Association on that day (the “Fixing Price”) for gold, there were press reports that 
the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission was reviewing the transparency of the price setting of gold 
and silver in London, and that a £26 million fine was imposed on Barclays Bank plc (one of the participants in 
the old London gold fix) for its failure to implement adequate risk and conflicts of interest management systems 
in connection with influencing the fixing outcome. There have also been additional lawsuits that have been 
filed against the member banks which established the London gold fix for alleged manipulative conduct in 
connection with their role in determining the London gold fix. There is still an ongoing investigation into the 
manipulation of the London gold fix, and it is possible that there may be additional regulatory actions brought 
against other members of the London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. If the ongoing investigation identifies that there 
was historic manipulation of the London gold fix, this may have impacted the historic price of gold. 
If there is a perception that the price of gold is susceptible to intentional disruption, or if the LBMA PM Gold

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Price is not received with confidence by the markets, the behaviour of investors and traders in gold may reflect 
the lack of confidence and it may have an effect on the price of gold. Adverse movements in the price of Bullion 
may negatively affect the price that Gold Bullion Securities trade on exchange and therefore the return to 
Security Holders who sell their securities on exchange when the price of the relevant Bullion has decreased 
since the time they purchased their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The Fixing Price may prove unreliable 
Whilst Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement, it 
is also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in US Dollars was on 
a particular day using the Fixing Price for a troy ounce (for platinum, palladium and silver) or a fine troy ounce 
(for gold) on that day. The conversion factors between troy ounces and metric are: one troy ounce equals 
31.1034768 grammes and one kilogramme equals 32.1507465 troy ounces. A troy ounce is slightly heavier 
than the more common ounces used in the UK and the United States, being approximately 1.097 times the 
weight of the latter. Due to the replacement of the fixing methodologies during 2014 and 2015, the Fixing Price 
for each type of Bullion has a limited operating history and Security Holders using the Fixing Price as a way of 
valuing their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may find that the Fixing Price may among other things: 
 
not behave over time like the previous fix has historically; 
 
be based on procedures and subject to regulation and oversight significantly different from those 
applicable to the previous fix; 
 
not be as widely accepted as the previous fix; or 
 
otherwise prove unreliable. 
If the Fixing Price proves unreliable, Security Holders using the Fixing Price to calculate the cash value of their 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may find that the cash value is negatively impacted. 
Operational Risk Factors 
VAT 
Platinum, palladium and silver are subject to 20 per cent. VAT when imported into the United Kingdom (except 
those arrivals from within the European Union which are not subject to such import VAT). The VAT can be 
reclaimed as long as the importer is a member of the LBMA (in the case of silver) and the LPPM (in the case 
of platinum and palladium) and the metals are kept within the London “black box” clearing system. No VAT is 
payable when investment gold is imported into the United Kingdom 
The Custodian is a member of both the LBMA and the LPPM and thus any VAT charged to the Custodian 
under the Programme is reclaimable. The processes designed by the Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer 
mean that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities should not accrue any future irrecoverable VAT charges, 
although if the rules for irrecoverable VAT or importation were changed, it is possible that Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities could be liable for VAT when the Bullion is imported into the UK. However, even under the 
current rules, if upon redemption the Security Holder requires physical delivery outside of the black box system 
then they will be liable for VAT. 
In respect of metals coming in from outside the EU, they can be brought straight into the bonded warehouse 
which will mean that as they are not in free circulation no import VAT charge arises. They can be traded whilst 
remaining in bond, without a VAT charge arising. Storage charges for metals in bond do not attract a VAT 
charge, whereas storage charges for metals that are outside the bond but fall within the reliefs of the London 
“black box” clearing system are subject to VAT. 
The VAT treatment of metals imported from the EU may change in the event that the UK leaves the EU as a 
result of Brexit. If the current exemption from import VAT on arrivals from the EU ceases to apply, it is expected 
that the VAT treatment applicable to imports from outside the EU would apply, as summarised above. Investors 
are referred to the risk factor titled "Brexit" for further information. 
Under the Custodian Agreements, all VAT is for the account of the Custodian.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
FX Counterparty Credit Risk and Default 
Whilst the amounts of Bullion (Daily Delivery Amounts) required to be delivered by an FX Counterparty in 
respect of any class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security and any Pricing Day are calculated on each Pricing 
Day, they may only be settled two Business Days following the last Pricing Day of the month (or later if the 
amount then due is less than the applicable Monthly Class Delivery Minimum being currently US$0). To the 
extent that any Daily Delivery Amounts and any other amounts that have not previously been delivered have 
not yet been delivered, the Issuer, and therefore Security Holders, will have an exposure to a FX Counterparty. 
In addition, the Issuer, and therefore Security Holders, may have an exposure to a FX Counterparty or Daily 
Class Delivery Minimum in the event that there is an early termination of the ISDA Master Agreement with that 
FX Counterparty. 
The value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the ability of the Issuer to effect Redemptions is 
dependent in part upon receipt of any Bullion owed by a FX Counterparty under the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation, and may be affected by the deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit-worthiness 
and/or a downgrade in the credit rating of the relevant FX Counterparty by which obligations are owed. Such 
deterioration or downgrade in the credit-worthiness or credit rating of a FX Counterparty could cause Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of any type to trade at a discount to the currency equivalent of the Metal Entitlement 
of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type and could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
The Metal Adjustment Contracts entered into with MSIP are not guaranteed by any person. To the extent that 
any FX Counterparty were to be unable to fulfil its delivery obligations under the Metal Adjustment Contracts 
and Metal Adjustment Documentation, the Issuer’s ability to effect Redemptions would be adversely affected 
which could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
Market Risk and Timing of Termination and Enforcement Action 
If Metal Adjustment Contracts are terminated before the effective date of redemption of the corresponding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities then the Issuer will not have the benefit of any hedging of currency 
movements between the date of such termination and the date of such redemption. 
Metal Adjustment Contracts may be subject to compulsory early termination in a number of different 
circumstances under the default and termination provisions of the ISDA Master Agreement and the Master 
Confirmation Agreement. Such termination is likely to result in the compulsory redemption of the corresponding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The early termination provisions applicable under the ISDA Master Agreement differ from those which would 
apply to the termination of a Metal Adjustment Contract in the normal course. There may as a result be delays 
in ascertaining and recovering amounts due in respect of the terminated Metal Adjustment Contracts, and such 
amounts may be determined in a significantly different manner from the Daily Delivery Amounts that would 
have applied absent such early termination. There may be a shortfall in the amounts finally recovered if the FX 
Counterparty is insolvent or otherwise unable to meet its obligations, or if the amounts determined to be 
deliverable or payable are less than would have been the case absent such termination. This may in turn delay 
and/or reduce the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under the corresponding Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities which could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
Legal Risks 
Change of Index 
The Metal Adjustment Agreement allows for a change to the Index used to price the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. The Issuer and the FX Counterparty may agree to substitute a different index for one or more of 
the Indices and accordingly may agree such changes as they agree to be necessary or appropriate to the 
Metal Adjustment Agreement consequent upon such substitution, provided that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
consequent upon the substitution. Security Holders will be given a minimum of 30 days’ notice of the intended 
change by RIS announcement and a new Prospectus or Supplementary Prospectus will be issued. While the 
Issuer would seek so far as possible to ensure that any such replacement index matched the terms of the Index 
it replaced, any replacement index could provide lower returns or include different disruption events, or an FX 
Counterparty may require higher fees to provide Metal Adjustment Contracts relating to such replacement 
index. This could mean that the Security Holder would receive a lower return on its investment, or may be

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
unable to realise its investment on a particular day on which, but for the replacement, it would have been able 
to realise its investment, or may be required to redeem its investment earlier than intended. 
Non-publication of the Indices 
In cases of Index Disruption where the Index is not published, each Calculation Agent under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Documentation will determine a level for the Index to be used in calculating the relevant Daily 
Delivery Amount under the Metal Adjustment Contracts and Daily Hedging Variation under the corresponding 
Individual Securities. If there is more than one FX Counterparty a weighted average of the values provided by 
each FX Counterparty will be used in place of the closing settlement level of the Index for that Pricing Day. In 
any circumstance where a value is calculated by the relevant FX Counterparty rather than published by the 
Index Sponsor, there can be no guarantee that the levels determined by the FX Counterparties will correspond 
to those which would otherwise have been published by the Index Sponsor and the Metal Entitlement will be 
affected accordingly. If the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Index level for five consecutive Pricing Days the 
Metal Adjustment Contracts which relate to such Index will be terminated and the Issuer may redeem the 
relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, which could result in Security Holders redeeming their investment 
earlier than intended. 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Pursuant to the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) EU member states were 
required to introduce a recovery and resolution framework for banks and significant investment firms 
(“institutions”) giving national competent and resolution authorities powers of intervention where such an 
institution is deemed to be failing or likely to fail. Although the UK is no longer a member of the EU, BRRD 
continues to apply in the UK as retained EU law pursuant to the terms of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. 
Among other things the BRRD provides for the introduction of a “bail-in tool” under which resolution authorities 
may write down claims of the institution’s shareholders and creditors and/or convert such claims into equity. 
Exceptions to this include secured liabilities, client assets and client money. If following a bail-in it is 
determined, based on a post-resolution valuation, that shareholders or creditors whose claims have been 
written down or converted into equity have incurred greater losses than they would have done had the 
institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, the BRRD provides that they are entitled 
to payment of the difference. 
Other powers of intervention include the power to close out open derivatives positions, temporarily suspend 
payment or delivery obligations, restrict or stay the enforcement of security interests and suspend termination 
rights. 
Under BRRD policy, financial public support of an institution should only be used as a last resort after all other 
measures (including bail-in) have been assessed and exploited to the fullest extent possible. 
As MSIP is a UK institution, it is covered by BRRD. BRRD applies automatically in the case of agreements 
governed by any European Economic Area law (such as the Metal Adjustment Contracts). Institutions are 
required by BRRD to ensure that agreements governed by other laws include a term under which the creditor 
of the institution covered by BRRD recognises the liability may be subject to the exercise of write-down and 
conversion powers. 
The implementation of a resolution process in relation to an institution which is a counterparty to or obligor of 
the Issuer could result in a bail-in being exercised in respect of any unsecured claims the Issuer has against 
that institution, As a result, the amount outstanding under such claims could be reduced to zero or converted 
into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership in the institution or the terms of such claims could be 
varied. 
The application of BRRD to an institution could also result in derivatives positions (including Metal Adjustment 
Contracts) held by the Issuer with the institution being closed out or terminated, and delays in the ability of the 
Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of collateral or otherwise against the institution concerned. Any payment 
of compensation due to the Issuer as a result of the Issuer being worse off as a result of a bail-in is likely to be 
delayed until after the completion of the resolution process and may prove to be less than anticipated or 
expected or may be the subject of dispute.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
U.S. Stay Resolution Provisions 
Regulations (“U.S. SRR Provisions”) have been adopted by U.S. prudential regulators in respect of certain 
entities that are part of a banking organisation designated as a global-systemically important banking 
organisation. The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to banking entities (collectively “Covered Entities”) that 
are (1) deemed to be global systemically important U.S. banking organisations (“U.S. GSIBs”) or that meet 
an asset size threshold, (2) certain subsidiaries of a U.S. GSIB and (3) certain 
U.S. operations of systemically important non-U.S. banking organisations. The U.S. SRR Provisions seek to 
reduce the potential that the resolution of a Covered Entity will be disorderly and lead to disruptive asset sales 
and liquidations which prudential regulators are concerned could spark a broad financial crisis. 
The effect of the U.S. SRR Provisions is to eliminate certain contractual rights in certain financial contracts 
(“qualified financial contracts”), such as agreements relating to swaps, currency forwards and other 
derivatives as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, such that the counterparties 
to these contracts (a) are subject to a stay for a specified time period during which they will be prevented from 
closing out a qualified financial contract if the Covered Entity is subject to resolution proceedings and (b) are 
prohibited from exercising default rights due to a receivership or similar proceeding of an affiliate of the Covered 
Entity. In some instances the U.S. prudential regulator administering the resolution could transfer the qualified 
financial contracts to another financial institution that is not in an insolvency proceeding. 
The Issuer believes that MSIP is a Covered Entity and that the Metal Adjustment Contracts to which it is a 
party are qualified financial contracts to which the U.S. SRR Provisions apply. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to qualified financial contracts that are governed by U.S. law and to 
U.S. persons, but they also require Covered Entities to include in all qualified financial contracts that are not 
governed by U.S. law (or the law of a State of the United States) contractual provisions reflecting the 
requirements of the U.S. SRR Provisions that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, such as the Issuer, 
to exercise certain close-out, cross-default and similar rights under certain conditions. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions came into force on various dates that commenced in January 2019 and were due to 
be complied with by 1 July 2019. 
The MSIP Metal Adjustment Documentation is governed by English law and accordingly MSIP was required 
to agree amendments with the Issuer to include such provisions, failing which it may have been unable to 
continue to create Metal Adjustment Contracts. The U.S. SRR Provisions enable compliance either by bilateral 
agreement or by adherence to a standard ISDA protocol. The Issuer adhered to the ISDA® 2018 US 
Resolution Stay Protocol with effect from 28 June 2019. 
Implementation of these requirements may increase credit, close-out and other risks in respect of the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. As no resolution of a Covered Entity has taken place with the U.S. SRR 
Provisions in effect, it is unclear how they will operate in practice. There is however a risk that, in the event of 
a default of MSIP and where the powers or required contractual provisions under the 
U.S. SRR Provisions are exercised, Security Holders may incur losses during this period, for example because: 
(a) Security Holders may be unable to Redeem their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and so would 
not be able to realise their investment at a time and value of their choosing; 
(b) the Issuer may be prevented from giving notice to MSIP of an Early Termination Date or Compulsory 
Cancellation Date under the MSIP Metal Adjustment Documentation (so that the Metal Adjustment 
Contracts would continue to be exposed to fluctuations in their MSPM Indices) which, if all Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of a particular class are to be Redeemed, could prevent the Issuer from 
redeeming such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, which could delay a Security Holder realising 
their investment; and 
(c) the assets in any Pool may be reduced, so that Security Holders (for the corresponding class) would 
receive less than the Price of their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on a subsequent Redemption 
or Compulsory Redemption. 
Cash Obligations on Termination 
While it is not anticipated that any material cash obligations (as distinct from Bullion Denominated Obligations) 
will be owed between the parties, the ISDA Master Agreement also contains provisions, broadly similar to 
those applicable to Bullion Denominated Obligations, for the Determining Party to determine a single early

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
termination amount for any separate cash obligations owing between the parties (such as claims for costs) in 
respect of such Bullion Class. 
Where a Bullion Early Termination Amount is deliverable by the Issuer to the FX Counterparty the FX 
Counterparty may elect to receive this in cash in US Dollars instead of in Bullion. 
In some circumstances, although a Bullion Early Termination Amount has been determined and is deliverable, 
it may not be enforceable as such against the party owing the Bullion Early Termination Amount. In legal 
proceedings against such party, a court may decline to award specific performance and substitute a claim for 
damages. Where such party is insolvent, a physical delivery claim is unlikely to be admissible in insolvency 
proceedings, and will be replaced by a monetary claim provable in the insolvency proceedings. Such a claim 
will be subject to other aspects of applicable insolvency law which may include application of a statutory 
insolvency set-off which will override any inconsistent provisions in the Metal Adjustment Documentation. 
The Issuer may therefore, in such circumstances, meet its obligations to Security Holders either partly in Bullion 
and partly in cash, or entirely in Bullion. The cash element received by Security Holders may not, at the time 
of settlement, be equivalent to the proportionate part of the Metal Entitlement represented by such cash which 
could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
Allocation of Termination Deliveries or Payments, Amounts of Costs etc. 
In respect of each class of Individual Security, there are separate Secured Metal Accounts of the Issuer at the 
Custodian in respect of each FX Counterparty which has entered into Metal Adjustment Contracts in respect 
of such class of Individual Securities. Deliveries are made between the Issuer and the FX Counterparty in the 
normal course to adjust the amount of Bullion held in each account (to reflect the movements in the indexes 
and in the corresponding Metal Entitlements) on a gross basis – there is no netting between deliveries due in 
respect of different accounts in the same Bullion Class. Thus in the normal course, if in respect of the Australian 
Dollar gold Individual Securities, an amount of gold is due to be delivered from the FX Counterparty to the 
Issuer, this will be delivered by the FX Counterparty to the Secured Metal Accounts for Australian Dollar gold. 
If on the same day an amount of gold is due from the Issuer to the FX Counterparty in respect of Euro gold, 
that amount will be transferred from the Secured Metal Accounts for Euro gold, to the FX Counterparty’s 
account. So, the intention is that in the normal course there should always be the correct amount of Bullion in 
the relevant Secured Metal Accounts, as a result of direct transfers to and from the FX Counterparty in respect 
of those Secured Metal Accounts. 
On a termination of the ISDA Master Agreement, the obligation to deliver Bullion to and from the Issuer and 
the FX Counterparty in respect of each class (to reflect movements in the indices as referred to above) ceases 
and there will be one “close out” amount in respect of each Bullion Class deliverable to or from the Issuer and 
the FX Counterparty by way of a final settlement. The ISDA Master Agreement gives the determining party a 
wide discretion as to how it calculates the close out amount which as a result may vary significantly according 
to the particular circumstances. 
Some cash amounts may also be payable in respect of e.g. costs, which may be expressed as payable in 
respect of a Bullion Class or all Bullion Classes and in certain circumstances, the FX Counterparty 
may request payment of a single cash amount as a termination payment due to it across all classes, as an 
alternative to delivery of Bullion on a Bullion Class basis. 
Amounts due to be delivered or paid to the FX Counterparty rank ahead of deliveries or payments to the 
holders of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The effect of these provisions is that on a termination of the ISDA Master Agreement the Issuer may not hold 
the full amount of Bullion due in respect of each class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and may therefore 
be unable to satisfy in full its obligation to the Security Holders.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
In addition, if the FX Counterparty is in insolvency proceedings or insolvent and deliveries or amounts are due 
from it, there may be no ability to require delivery of Bullion from the FX Counterparty (although Bullion 
deliveries by the Issuer in respect of other Bullion Classes may still be required to be made), and there may 
instead be a single cash claim against the FX Counterparty, which may not be paid on time or in full. This may 
delay and/or reduce the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Currency-Hedge 
Metal Securities which could result in delays in paying redemption amounts due to Security Holders and could 
also lead to Security Holders incurring a loss. 
In all of these circumstances, where amounts are deliverable or payable to or from Secured Metal Accounts 
as a group or indeed across all Secured Metal Accounts, it will be necessary to allocate such amounts amongst 
the Secured Metal Accounts. 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Security Deed and the Trust Instrument that upon an early termination of an 
ISDA Master Agreement (other than where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party under the ISDA Master 
Agreement), the Issuer will deliver to the Security Trustee a certificate under the Secured Unallocated 
Accounts Agreement certifying, inter alia, any transfers of Bullion that should be made from a Secured Metal 
Account to the relevant FX Counterparty, or from a Secured Metal Account to another Secured Metal Account 
after such termination of an ISDA Master Agreement. In certain limited circumstances, the FX Counterparty is 
also required under the Security Deed to deliver similar information to the Security Trustee. If, for whatever 
reason, the Issuer or the FX Counterparty (as applicable) fail to give the required certificate or information to 
the Security Trustee, ManJer has undertaken in the Security Deed to procure the provision to the Security 
Trustee of the necessary information and advice, at ManJer’s own cost and expense. 
If such a certificate or information is not provided to the Security Trustee on termination of the ISDA Master 
Agreement, the Security Trustee may not have available to it the information to enable it to determine the 
amounts of deliveries, transfers and allocations which would have been made by it if specified in a certificate 
or other information. In the absence of such information, the Security Trustee will be entitled under the terms 
of the Security Deed to appoint an independent third party to provide such advice and to carry out all and any 
calculations necessary for that purpose and until the receipt of such advice the Security Trustee will be entitled 
not to act, which may delay the receipt by Security Holders of redemption proceeds. 
The expenses of any such appointment may be considerable and the Security Trustee may not be able to find 
anybody prepared to do the calculation. 
In consequence of the above if an ISDA Master Agreement is terminated, for example as a result of the default 
or insolvency of a FX Counterparty, the proceeds available to Security Holders may be reduced and the receipt 
by Security Holders of redemption proceeds may be delayed. 
Allocations made pursuant to a certificate from the Issuer or pursuant to the advice provided to the Security 
Trustee may not match the claims made by the FX Counterparty to the amounts in the relevant PMA Sub-Pool 
and this may result in disputes and delay. 
The Security Trustee may rely upon any such certificate or advice without any further checking or verification 
of its contents. 
Termination as a Result of Disruption Events 
Where during a Disruption Event the relevant Index level is not published or the published level is not 
considered to be accurate, the level of the index may be determined by the method and a party specified in 
the relevant Disruption Fallback, which may be different from a determination under the Index in the ordinary 
course absent the Disruption Event (see “Non-publication of Indices” below). 
Where the Disruption Event results in the termination of the affected Metal Adjustment Contracts (which may 
be the case in an Index Disruption, Hedging Disruption/Change in Law, Additional Disruption or Bullion 
Settlement Disruption), the affected Metal Adjustment Contracts will be compulsorily terminated at this level or 
some other value, which will in turn affect the realisable value of the corresponding Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. If any such event or disruption occurs, the Issuer may need to exercise its right to initiate a 
compulsory redemption of some or all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. In these circumstances, the amount 
which a Security Holder may receive may be lower than the amount they would otherwise have been entitled to 
on redemption. See further under “Early Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities” below.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Deferral of Settlement and Timing of Receipt of Bullion 
On redemption, the Issuer may elect to defer settlement (in part or in whole for a period of time) if a FX 
Counterparty has unsettled obligations in respect of Bullion of the relevant type and the Issuer would otherwise 
be unable to satisfy its Redemption Obligations in full. Security Holders may therefore receive and be entitled 
to receive Bullion equal to the Metal Entitlement (or such lesser amount to which they are entitled as a result 
of the limited recourse nature of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) only at the end of that period. 
The application of Redemption Limits may mean that the Issuer is unable to satisfy its Redemption Obligations 
in full on a particular day. Security Holders wishing to redeem all of their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
may therefore only be able to redeem such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and be entitled to receive 
Bullion equivalent to the Metal Entitlement in tranches. 
Suspension of Redemptions in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
The Issuer may suspend the redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities if any day is a Bullion 
Settlement Disruption Day, for a period of up to ten Pricing Days. If there is a FX Counterparty Event of Default 
in respect of any FX Counterparty with which the Issuer has Metal Adjustment Contracts corresponding to any 
class of Individual Securities, the Issuer may suspend the redemption of Individual Securities of such class (and 
any Basket Securities comprised of Individual Securities of such class) for a period of up to 30 Pricing Days. 
The Issuer may also suspend the redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities for a period of up to 30 
days if (i) the Issuer is considering exercising or has determined to exercise its power to divide any Pool, or (ii) 
the value of the Metal Entitlement of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any type is below the Principal 
Amount of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of such type. 
In all cases of suspension, the Issuer will give notice thereof by RIS announcement as soon as practicable. 
Therefore there is a risk Security Holders may not be able to redeem their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
on request. 
Activities of FX Counterparties and Authorised Participants 
A FX Counterparty and any of its affiliates may be an active trader in the currency markets. These trading 
activities may present a conflict between the interests of holders of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and 
the interests that a FX Counterparty and its affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating 
transactions, including options and other derivatives transactions, for their customers and in accounts under 
their management. 
These trading activities, if they influence the value of an Index, could be adverse to the interests of the holders 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the related class. Moreover, FX Counterparties and/or their 
respective affiliates have or may have published and in the future would be expected to publish research 
reports with respect to some or all of the Indices. This research is modified from time to time without notice and 
may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and currencies and precious metals generally. The research should not be 
viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in any way and 
investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this investment. Any such activities 
of a FX Counterparty or its affiliates may affect the value of the Indices and, therefore, the market value of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. In addition, the Authorised Participants or their Affiliates also trade in 
various sectors of the currency markets. 
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders 
and could have a negative impact on the value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and could result in a 
loss to Security Holders. 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing exchange traded commodities 
(ETCs) as asset backed securities. If the net proceeds from the enforcement of the Secured Property in respect 
of a particular Pool, following enforcement of the Security Deed applicable to that Pool, are not sufficient to 
meet all obligations and make all payments then due in respect of the Individual Securities of that class (and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the Basket Securities to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of that class) and all amounts ranking 
prior to such obligations and payments under the Trust Instrument and the applicable Security Deed, the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Individual Securities of that class (and Basket Securities to the 
extent they comprise Individual Securities of that class) will be limited to the net proceeds of realisation of that 
Secured Property after payment of all such prior-ranking amounts. In such circumstances, the assets (if any) 
of the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant Pool will not be available to meet any shortfall, the 
rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive any further amounts in respect of such obligations shall be 
extinguished and none of the Security Holders, the Security Trustee or the Trustee may take any further action 
to recover such amounts. 
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority of payments under the Priority 
Waterfall in accordance with the Security Deed, further details of which are set out under the heading 
“Allocations” in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed). Following the priority of payments, the security may be 
insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to meet its Redemption Obligation to Security Holders who may 
suffer a loss as a result. 
No Guarantee 
No member of the Morgan Stanley Group or any other person has guaranteed the performance of the Issuer’s 
obligations, and no Security Holder has any direct rights of enforcement against any such person. There can 
be no assurance that any FX Counterparty will be able to fulfil its payment obligations under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Documentation and this could have an adverse impact on the value of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities and a Security Holder may suffer a loss as a result. However the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Security Holders may in the circumstances specified in the Security Deed enforce the rights of the Issuer under 
the Metal Adjustment Documentation. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Security Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion upon the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, 
an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer, certain types of default or breach event relating to a FX 
Counterparty or a FX Counterparty Enforcement Event but is only required to enforce the Security: 
(a) after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation if requested to do so by the Trustee or a Security 
Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed; 
(b) if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or 
substantially the whole of its assets) has occurred and is continuing and if requested to do so (i) by 
the Trustee, (ii) in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding, or (iii) by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(c) if certain types of default or breach event relating to a FX Counterparty have occurred and are 
continuing if so requested to do so (i) by the Trustee,(ii) in writing by Security Holders holding not 
less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as a whole) 
then outstanding, or (iii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Security Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction. 
In circumstances where the Security Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have 
no right to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their 
investment. 
Each FX Counterparty has an independent right to require the Security Trustee to enforce the security 
constituted by the Security Deed applicable to such FX Counterparty where a FX Counterparty Enforcement 
Event has occurred and is continuing. There is no obligation on the FX Counterparty to take account of the 
interests of Security Holders when exercising such right. 
Security is subject to the Priority Waterfall 
All proceeds received by the Security Trustee on the realisation of the Security in respect of any Pool will be 
applied by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Priority Waterfall. Security Holders rank behind the 
Security Trustee, the Trustee, ManJer and the relevant FX Counterparty (in respect of such FX Counterparty’s 
claims under the Metal Adjustment Documentation and the Metal Adjustment Contracts) in such Priority 
Waterfall. Accordingly, if the Issuer owes the Security Trustee, the Trustee, ManJer and/or the relevant FX

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Counterparty amounts that are not contemplated in the ordinary course, and/or there is less Bullion in the 
Secured Metal Accounts than anticipated, this may result in a shortfall in a Pool and adversely affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its Redemption Obligations in full. 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England and stays 
Under Section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court in a “relevant 
country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding up order in respect of a foreign 
company, such as the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under the European Insolvency Regulations (No.1346/2000) (“EIR”) main insolvency 
proceedings (including administration and liquidation) can be opened if the centre of main interests of the 
Issuer is considered to be in England, or winding up proceedings (liquidation) may be opened if the Issuer has 
an establishment (as defined in the EIR) in England. 
If the Issuer were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period of 
administration, the affairs, business and property of the Issuer would be managed by a person known as an 
administrator. 
During the period beginning with making an application for an administration order and ending with the making 
of such an order or the dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security except 
with the leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose. 
In the case of administration, while the Issuer remained in administration no steps could be taken to enforce 
the Security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject to such terms 
as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the Court to sell property subject to 
the Security free from the Security. The administrator must however account to the Security Trustee, the 
Trustee and the Security Holders for the proceeds of sale. 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in this case the 
insolvency representative of the Issuer in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, inter alia, to commence 
insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include administration) or to have the English Courts 
recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to have the English Courts grant a stay of any enforcement of 
any security. If any such application were made, it could affect the ability of the Security Trustee to enforce the 
Security. 
If the Issuer were placed in liquidation in England, the Security could be enforced by the Security Trustee on 
behalf of the Security Holders. 
Regulatory Risk 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of an exchange (other than the London Stock Exchange) to which the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market makers. If a 
market maker ceases to act as market maker and a replacement cannot be found and as a result the Issuer 
cannot meet the minimum requirement, the relevant exchange may require the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities to cease trading which may make it harder for a Security Holder to sell their Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities at a time of their choosing and which could lead to a loss for the Security Holder if, when they are 
subsequently able to sell their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the value of those Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities has dropped below the value when the Security Holder originally sought to sell them. 
Index Calculations by MS&Co 
The Issuer is not affiliated with MS&Co in any way (except for the licensing arrangements described in this 
Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict its actions, including any errors in or discontinuation of 
disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the calculation of the Indices. The policies of MS&Co 
concerning the calculation of the level of the Indices could adversely affect the value of the Currency Indices 
and, therefore, the market value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Characterisation of the Security 
In each Security Deed the Issuer will grant security over inter alia the Bullion in the Secured Metal Accounts 
attributable to the relevant Pool or PMA Sub-Pool governed by English law, which is expressed to take effect 
as a fixed charge or legal mortgage. A court, however, could hold that such security constitutes floating security.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
To the extent English law were applicable, in these circumstances any preferential creditors and liquidation or 
administration expenses in respect of the Issuer would be payable in priority to the beneficiaries under the 
Priority Waterfall. 
Assignment of Claims Against the Metal Sale Counterparty and/or Custodian on their Default 
In accordance with the Conditions, circumstances may arise where the Issuer may direct the Security Trustee 
to assign its claims against the Metal Sale Counterparty and/or Custodian relating to Bullion to the relevant 
Security Holder. Such assignment will be deemed to satisfy all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be redeemed without any further recourse. It is therefore possible that 
Security Holders will only receive an assignment of certain rights on redemption and which may not be 
equivalent in value to the Metal Entitlement of the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation 
The Currency Indices and some of their component indices, including the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”), the Euro Overnight Index Average (“EONIA”) and the Sterling Overnight Interest Average 
(“SONIA”), and other foreign exchange, interest rate and other indices and benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following any such reform, affected benchmarks may 
perform differently, be subject to modifications in their methodology or cease to be made available altogether; 
or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are linked to any such benchmark. 
In particular, the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU/2016/1011) (as amended) (the “BMR”) entered into force in 
June 2016 and became applicable within the EU in January 2018. It imposes a range of requirements and 
restrictions on “administrators”, “users” and “contributors” to “benchmarks” within its scope. Many of those 
requirements are subject to a range of transitional provisions (under article 51 of the BMR) so that the full 
impact of the BMR may not be fully realised until those transitional provisions expire. In most cases the 
transitional provisions are set to expire on 1 January 2020 and there is a risk, therefore that the BMR may affect 
benchmarks to which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are linked. 
Changes in Regulation 
‘Brexit' 
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015 of the UK, a referendum on the United Kingdom's membership 
of the European Union (EU) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the EU. On 29 March 
2017, the UK Government gave notice under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union of the UK’s 
intention to leave the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State of the EU. This cessation 
is subject to a withdrawal agreement as implemented into UK law by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) between the UK and the remaining EU Member States which provides for a transition 
period lasting until 31 December 2020 during which EU law continues to apply to the UK as if it remained a 
Member State. 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the UK’s departure from the EU remain uncertain, there 
could be short-term volatility which could have a negative impact on general economic conditions in the UK 
and business and consumer confidence in the UK, which may in turn have a negative impact elsewhere in the 
EU and more widely. The longer-term consequences may be affected by the terms of any future arrangements 
the UK has with the remaining member states of the EU. Among other things, the UK’s departure from the EU 
could lead to instability in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the pound sterling 
or the euro. Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of 
business activity; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading 
portfolios resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the liquidity 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The transition period ended with arrangements in place between the UK and the Member States of the EU. 
The legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme is dependent on the terms of such 
arrangement. As at the date of this Prospectus, the potential effect on the legal and regulatory environment

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
applicable to the Programme and to investors is unclear and may have adverse and/or unforeseeable 
consequences. 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) 
EU Regulation No 648/2012, known as “EMIR”, began to come into force in 2013 and introduces new reporting, 
clearing and risk mitigation requirements in respect of derivatives transactions where one or both of the parties 
is based in the EU. The Issuer, as a non-EU entity, is not directly subject to EMIR. However, where the Issuer 
enters into OTC derivative contracts with an EU counterparty which is itself subject to EMIR (such as MSIP), 
that counterparty may require the Issuer, as a term of doing business, to comply with certain of EMIR’s clearing, 
collateral or other risk mitigation requirements. This may in turn give rise to additional costs for the Issuer in 
doing any such business, such as (i) clearing costs for trades which are required to be cleared, (ii) the costs 
of implementing risk mitigation procedures, and 
(iii) higher margin requirements for OTC uncleared transactions. There is a risk that some or all of these costs 
could be passed through to Security Holders, and therefore negatively impact the price of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions with 
which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particular exposed to national, international 
and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. 
The scope and requirements of regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer and the FX Counterparty 
continues to change and evolve and there is a risk that as a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, or 
more expensive, for the Issuer or the FX Counterparty to continue to carry on their functions in the manner 
currently contemplated, including a risk that future regulation of the precious metals market may result in 
increased hedging costs for the FX Counterparty or limits on the extent of their permitted hedging activities. 
This may require that changes are made in the future to the agreements applicable to the Programme and 
may result in changes to the commercial terms of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (such as reductions 
in the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits and/or increases in the amounts required by the FX 
Counterparty to cover their hedging costs, which would result in a reduction in the Daily Adjustment and hence 
a reduction in the Metal Entitlement) and/or the inability to apply for and Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and/or 
disruption to the pricing thereof.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. It is not intended to be a summary of or a 
complete description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment in Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities should only be made after careful consideration of this Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and 
Interpretations”. 
What are Currency-Hedged Metal Securities? 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are secured, undated, limited recourse debt securities issued by 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited (formerly known as ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited), a 
Jersey company established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities. The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities offer investors a means of investing in physical 
precious metals without the necessity of taking delivery of the physical precious metals, to enable investors to 
buy and sell that interest through the trading of a security on a stock exchange and to hedge such security 
against exchange rate movements. 
How does the product give exposure to physical precious metal? 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are backed by physical precious metal held in the secure vaults of a 
custodian. Upon redemption of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security directly with the Issuer, an Authorised 
Participant will generally receive an amount of physical precious metal with a weight equivalent to the aggregate 
Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed. 
How do the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities minimise the impact of exchange rate movements? 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities aim to minimise the impact of exchange rate movements on an Australian 
Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar or Pound Sterling investor’s return by hedging such exposure against exchange 
rate movements between the US Dollar and the relevant currency through the Daily Hedging Variation. The 
Daily Hedging Variation is calculated by reference to the Indices which track the variation in the exchange rate 
between US Dollar and the currency of denomination of the Individual Security, which are rebalanced daily. 
Such adjustment is made by rebalancing the notional metal hedge position for that Index on each Pricing Day 
to reflect the effect of foreign exchange movements on the value of the metal holdings since the immediately 
preceding Pricing Day. 
Do the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities provide a pure hedge against the impact of exchange rate 
movements? 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities do not provide a pure currency hedge (sometimes called a “quanto” hedge) 
in which the value in the relevant currency would rise or fall in direct proportion to rises and falls in the value in 
US Dollars of an unhedged investment as investors will remain exposed to the effect of foreign exchange rate 
movements on any change in the value of the underlying metal between the daily adjustments of the currency 
hedge (the intra-day changes). 
What is a Basket Security? 
A Basket Security is a Currency-Hedged Metal Security which provides exposure to a number of different 
underlying physical precious metals. It is a single security which provides the exposure to the underlying 
physical precious metals by being notionally comprised of a fixed number of Individual Securities of different 
classes. The number of Individual Securities of each class of which the Basket Security is comprised remains 
the same over time. At the date of this document, no Basket Securities have been issued. For further 
information on the Basket Securities, please see the section headed “Metal Entitlement – Basket Securities” 
in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
How is the product physically backed? 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are backed by physical precious metal held in the secure vaults of a 
custodian. The physical precious metals are held in the name of the Security Trustee. To ensure its quality, 
the physical precious metal held to back the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities meets the “Good Delivery” 
standards set by the London Bullion Market Association (LMBA) in the case of gold and silver or the London 
Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) in the case of platinum and palladium.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
How is the physical precious metal stored? 
The physical precious metals that back the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are held in vaults of a custodian 
in the name of the Security Trustee. Physical precious metals attributable to the Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities are held in both allocated accounts and unallocated accounts. The majority of the physical precious 
metals are held in an allocated account at each custodian with amounts required to process redemptions held 
in an unallocated account. 
What does it mean to hold Bullion in an allocated account? 
An allocated account is held with a custodian. Held in the customer’s name, the account evidences that uniquely 
identifiable bars of Bullion have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held in 
the custodian’s vault. The customer has full title to the Bullion held in the allocated account. As a result, the 
allocated account does not entail any credit risk exposure to the custodian. 
How does the custodian identify the Bullion held in the allocated account? 
Bullion may be identified by the custodian based on a combination of criteria: (i) the name of the refiner; (ii) 
the serial number; (iii) its year of manufacture; (iv) its weight; and/or (v) its composition and purity (“assay”). It 
is important to recognise that any combination of these may be used to identify an individual bar of Bullion. 
Two entirely different bars may be from the same refiner and have the same serial number but have a different 
weight and/or be from a different year. 
Is it possible to know which bars of physical precious metal back the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities? 
Yes. The Issuer publishes a list of the bars of physical precious metals (the “Bar List”) that are held in allocated 
accounts on its website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and- regulatory-
reports#tab-162220B1-97CC-4407-B623-45A098739587 
What does it mean to hold Bullion in an unallocated account? 
An unallocated account is also held with a custodian. However, unlike Bullion held in an allocated account, 
Bullion in an unallocated account does not entitle the customer to a particular bar of Bullion and the customer’s 
holding is not segregated from that of other customers or the custodian. Instead, the books and records of the 
custodian record that the customer is entitled to a specific amount of Bullion. As the Bullion is not segregated, 
the customer has a credit risk exposure to the custodian. Bullion in unallocated form is easier to transfer as it 
simply requires an update of the custodian’s books and records rather than movements of physical Bullion and 
for this reason transfers in connection with creation and redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are 
carried out in unallocated form. 
How is the Bullion at the Custodians audited? 
The Bullion held at the custodians to back the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is audited twice a year by an 
independent metal audit firm – Inspectorate International – which inspects the Bullion held at the custodian to 
ensure that it matches in all respects the Bullion disclosed as held on the Bar List. The first audit takes place at 
the start of each year of the Bullion held at the end of the previous year and then a second audit is carried out 
at random throughout the year. The results of these audits are published by the issuer at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory- 
reports#tab-0E036411-
20ED-459A-A88B-2B37EE6CEE39 
What are the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) and the London Platinum and Palladium 
Market (LPPM)? 
The LBMA and LPPM are two trade associations that coordinate wholesale trading for gold and silver, and 
platinum and palladium, respectively. They maintain and publish ‘Good Delivery’ lists that establish a set of 
criteria that a refiner and its Bullion must satisfy before being accepted for trading. For additional information, 
please see http://www.lbma.org.uk and http://www.lppm.com. 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are only backed by Good Delivery bars. 
Is the physical precious metal insured? 
Each custodian is required to maintain such insurance over the precious metal stored in its vaults as it believes 
is commercially reasonable.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Who is the custodian? 
The sole custodian is JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. 
Who is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who meet certain eligibility requirements and who have entered 
into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are allowed to buy and 
sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities directly with the Issuer. Authorised Participants may, but do not have 
to, act as market makers for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by buying and selling Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities to and from investors either on exchange or in over the counter transactions. 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is to act 
as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Trustee holds its 
rights on behalf of Security Holders (and itself). 
Who is the Security Trustee and what do they do? 
The Security Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is 
to act as trustee on behalf of Security Holders, ManJer and the FX Counterparty and certain other parties in 
accordance with the Security Deed. Under security deeds and the agreements with the custodian, all the 
Bullion which backs the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is held at the custodian in the name of the Security 
Trustee and the Security Trustee must approve all removals of Bullion from those accounts. 
What is the Metal Entitlement? 
The Metal Entitlement of a particular class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is the quantity (an amount in 
fine troy ounces in the case of gold or troy ounces in the case of silver, platinum and palladium) of the physical 
precious metal of the relevant type that each Currency-Hedged Metal Security represents. It is calculated in 
accordance with a set formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder calculate the value of their investment?). The Metal Entitlement reduces daily by the management fees 
payable by a Security Holder in respect of that class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security. 
When will the Metal Entitlement of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security be calculated and published? 
The Metal Entitlement will be calculated and published on the Issuer’s Website on each Business Day. 
What is the cash value of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security? 
Each Currency-Hedged Metal Security has an effective entitlement to physical precious metal, and that Metal 
Entitlement reduces each day to reflect the accrual of the fees payable in respect of that Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security. Whilst Authorised Participants create and redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities directly 
with the Issuer in exchange for physical precious metal, most Security Holders will buy and sell their Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities on a stock exchange in return for cash. The cash value at which the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities will trade on exchange is expected to be close to the value of the Metal Entitlement 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities multiplied by the spot price of the relevant physical precious metal. 
What is the Daily Adjustment? 
The Daily Adjustment forms part of the formula for calculating the Metal Entitlement of the Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities by reducing the Metal Entitlement each day to reflect the Management Fee and the Daily 
Hedging Fee. The Daily Adjustment is an amount calculated by the Issuer on each Pricing Day to five decimal 
places with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Can an investor deliver or take physical delivery of the underlying physical precious metals? 
Generally only Authorised Participants can deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical precious metals. 
 
How do I buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities? 
Only Authorised Participants may create and (other than in very limited circumstances) redeem Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities directly with the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement on the relevant date. Once an 
Authorised Participant creates Currency-Hedged Metal Securities with the Issuer it can then (i) choose to

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
hold the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities itself; (ii) sell those securities on one of the stock exchanges on 
which the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities in private off exchange transactions (OTC); or (iv) redeem the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on any of the 
stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in the same way as 
they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Transactions in Currency-Hedged Metal Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can be done at any 
point during the trading day. Such purchases of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will generally be done at a 
“bid price” and any sales of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities intraday will generally be done at an “offer 
price”. The bid and offer prices of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security are expected to be close to the cash 
value of the Metal Entitlement of the relevant class of Metal Security on a particular day (calculated by reference 
to the spot price of that precious metal), however, they will not match exactly the cash value of the Metal 
Entitlement because bid and offer prices also take account of other market conditions such as market liquidity 
(supply and demand) at the time that the investor is looking to buy or sell their Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of their initial investment by virtue of the movements in the price of the 
underlying physical precious metals. 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and holds their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities cannot lose more than their initial 
investment. 
What is the minimum investment? 
The minimum investment is one Currency-Hedged Metal Security which has a value as described above under 
“What is the cash value of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security?”. 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged a management fee in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. These are 
deducted each day by a reduction in the Metal Entitlement – further information on the fees is set out under 
the heading “Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee” in Part 4 (Description of Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities). 
Investors who buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on exchange or in transactions other than with 
the Issuer may also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
Can the Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities? 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by UCITS. 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on the coordination 
of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, need to satisfy themselves 
that an investment in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities would comply with any regulations and/or 
guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their 
jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. Failure to comply 
with such restrictions may cause a UCITS, which is a Security Holder to be in breach of its compliance 
obligations under the UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or investment objectives and 
policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national regime.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
CLASSES OF CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES 
The following are the classes of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities initially available for issue: 
 
Australian Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities Class 
LSE 
Code 
Euro Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities Class 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – AUD Daily Hedged 
GBSA 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
GBSE 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium – AUD Daily 
Hedged 
PPDA 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium – EUR Daily 
Hedged 
PPDE 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum – AUD Daily 
Hedged 
PPTA 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum – EUR Daily Hedged PPTE 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – AUD Daily 
Hedged 
PAGA 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – EUR Daily Hedged 
PAGG 
Singapore Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities Class 
LSE 
Code 
Sterling Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities Class 
LSE 
Code 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – SGD Daily Hedged 
GBSD 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – GBP Daily Hedged 
GBSP 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium – SGD Daily 
Hedged 
PPDD 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium – GBP Daily 
Hedged 
PPDP 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum – SGD Daily 
Hedged 
PPTD 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum – GBP Daily Hedged PPTP 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – SGD Daily Hedged 
PAGD 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – GBP Daily Hedged 
PAGP

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires:  
“Additional Disruption” 
means, in respect of any Index Business Day which would otherwise be a 
Pricing Day for a particular class of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities and 
in respect of an Index, a Calculation Agent determines that such Index 
Business Day is either (i) an “Unscheduled Holiday” in respect of such Index, 
or (ii) a day on which a “Force Majeure Disruption” (as defined in any Master 
Confirmation Agreement) has occurred and is continuing in respect of such 
Index 
 
“Administration 
Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated 28 February 2013 between R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer providing for certain 
administration, company secretarial and registrar services to be provided by 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited to the Issuer 
 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with that person; and 
for this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of the entity or person 
 
“Aggregate 
Delivery 
Amount” 
in respect of a class of Metal Adjustment Contract and a particular Pricing 
Day, a quantity of Bullion determined as described under the heading “Daily 
Delivery Amount and Aggregate Delivery Amount” in Part 9 (Description of 
the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts) 
 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities 
 
“Application” 
means an offer by an Applicant to the Issuer to subscribe for Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, being an offer on terms referred to in an 
Application Form and this Prospectus and in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
“Application Date” 
means the date on which a valid Application Form is lodged with (or deemed 
to be lodged with) the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement 
 
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of the issue 
of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as described in Part 4 (Description of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) 
 
“Application Form” 
means the application form to be used in connection with the Programme 
and includes an Application made through the System and reference to a 
copy of an Application Form or of an Application in the context of an 
Application made through the System includes a copy of a report generated 
through the System containing the details of such Application 
 
“Australian Dollar” 
means the lawful currency of Australia  
 
“Australian Dollar Basket 
Security” "AUD" or "A$" 
 
means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Australian Dollars 
 
“Australian 
Dollar 
Individual Security” 
 
means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a class specified in the relevant 
list in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional Information) and any Further 
Securities denominated in Australian Dollars under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to a single type of Bullion

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
“Australian 
Dollar 
Security” or “Australian 
Dollar 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security” 
 
means an Australian Dollar Individual Security or an Australian Dollar Basket 
Security 
 
“Authorised Participant” 
means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
which has not been terminated and which (a) is a securities house or other 
market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); (b) is 
an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; (c) is not 
a UCITS Fund; and (d) (except in the case of a FX Counterparty or an 
Affiliate which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the 
Issuer) has entered into a corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one 
FX Counterparty, and which is not an Unacceptable Authorised Participant 
in respect of that FX Counterparty, provided that a person can be an 
Authorised Participant in respect of one FX Counterparty but not another 
 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person under 
which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, 
distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities and if such agreement is subject to conditions 
precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied 
 
“Authorised Person” 
means a person who is authorised for the purposes of the FSMA  
 
“Basket Security” 
means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a category that comprises such 
proportion of any two or more of Gold Individual Securities of any class, 
Silver Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of any 
class and Palladium Individual Securities of any class, and denominated in 
a particular Currency, the Currency and proportions of Individual Securities 
of such classes being as specified in the Final Terms relating to the first issue 
of Basket Securities of that category 
 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer 
 
“Bullion” 
means any and all of platinum, palladium, silver and gold 
 
“Bullion Class” 
means all of the Individual Securities (and Basket Securities to the extent 
comprised of Individual Securities of such class) of a class under which the 
Issuer’s obligations to make payment or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to a single type of Bullion 
 
“Bullion 
Settlement 
Disruption” 
in respect of an Index means an event which constitutes “Bullion Settlement 
Disruption” in respect of Metal Adjustment Contracts relating to such Index 
pursuant to the terms of Metal Adjustment Documentation with any FX 
Counterparty 
 
 
“Bullion 
Settlement 
Disruption Day” 
 
in respect of an Index means a day on which an event, beyond the control 
of the parties to an ISDA Master Agreement and as a result of which a 
delivery of Bullion required under a Metal Adjustment Contract linked to such 
Index cannot be effected, has occurred and is continuing 
“Business Day” 
means a day which is both a London Business Day and a New York 
Business Day 
“Calculation Agent” 
means in respect of any FX Counterparty or the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation entered into with any FX Counterparty, the calculation agent 
appointed pursuant to such Metal Adjustment Documentation

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
“Cancellation Notice” 
means a notice given as a “Cancellation Notice” pursuant to a Metal 
Adjustment Agreement 
 
“category” 
means, in relation to Basket Securities, the type of Basket Security 
determined by the mix of different classes and proportions of Individual 
Securities comprised in the Basket Security 
 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland 
 
Certificated” 
or 
“Certificated Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form 
“class” 
means, in relation to Individual Securities, a type of Individual Securities 
denominated in a particular Currency under which the Issuer’s obligations to 
make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a 
particular metal 
 
“CME 
means CME Group Europe Limited 
 
“COMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned 
subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
 
“comprised 
in” 
and 
“comprised of” 
in relation to a Basket Security means the Individual Securities by reference 
to which the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for 
which a Basket Security (when in Certificated Form) may be surrendered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument and “comprise” and 
“comprised” shall be construed accordingly 
 
“Compulsory Cancellation 
Date” 
has the meaning given to that term set out under the heading “Metal 
Adjustment Contracts-Creation and Cancellation of Metal Adjustment 
Contracts” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment Documentation and 
Metal Adjustment Contracts) 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption” 
means a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities pursuant to 
Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.7. 
 
“Compulsory Redemption 
Date” 
 
means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1, Condition 
7.2, Condition 7.3 or Condition 7.4, the date specified by the Issuer or the 
Trustee as such in accordance with that Condition and in relation to any 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.7 the date specified by the Issuer as 
such in accordance with that Condition, provided that if the date so specified 
is not a Pricing Day, the Compulsory Redemption Day shall be the first 
Pricing Day following the date so specified 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in 
the form set out in the Schedule 2 (The Conditions) to the Trust Instrument 
and as set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities) and references herein to numbered Conditions are references to 
the numbers assigned to the Conditions in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) 
 
“Controller” 
means a Controller as defined in the Conditions 
 
“corresponding 
Metal 
Adjustment Contract” 
 
means in respect of any class of Individual Securities (or any category of 
Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of such 
class) a Metal Adjustment Contract of the Class (as defined in the relevant 
Metal Adjustment Agreement) which corresponds (by reason of being linked 
to the same Index) to such class of Individual Securities and in respect of 
any number of Individual Securities of such class means a number (which 
need not be a whole number and may be less than one) of corresponding 
Metal Adjustment Contracts having an aggregate Metal Equivalent equal to

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
the aggregate Metal Entitlement of such number of such Individual Securities 
 
“Creation Limits” 
means the limits under the Metal Adjustment Agreements on creation of 
Metal Adjustment Contracts (and corresponding limits on issue of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities), as set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities) under the heading “Creation Limits and 
Redemption Limits” 
 
“Creation Notice” 
means a notice given as a “Creation Notice” pursuant to a Metal Adjustment 
Agreement 
 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of 
securities in Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited 
 
“Currency” 
means each of the four denominations of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
(and their corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts) provided for in the 
Trust Instrument and any further denomination that may be provided for 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument, being as at the date of this Prospectus, 
Australian Dollars in respect of Australian Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, Euro in respect of Euro Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
Singapore Dollars in respect of Singapore Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities and Pounds Sterling in respect of Sterling Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities, and “Currencies” will be construed accordingly 
“Currency Class” 
in relation to any Currency means the Individual Securities of each class 
denominated in such Currency (and the Basket Securities comprised of 
Individual Securities of such class) 
 
“Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Security” 
or 
“Metal 
Security” 
means an undated limited recourse secured debt security of the Issuer of 
any types specified in the Trust Instrument created pursuant to and 
constituted by the Trust Instrument (including any Further Securities) and 
includes Individual Securities and Basket Securities, and “Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities” or “Metal Securities” means all of them 
“Custodian” 
means (i) a financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee have established Secured Metal Accounts, and (ii) in 
respect of any Pool or the Individual Securities to which such Pool relates, a 
financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee have established Secured Metal Accounts relating to Bullion forming 
part of the Secured Property in respect of such Pool, in each case being a 
member of each Relevant Association which provides custody and transfer 
facilities in respect of Bullion. At the date of this Prospectus JPMorgan 
Chase is the sole Custodian in respect of each Pool 
 
“Custodian Agreements” 
means each Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement entered 
into by the Issuer and a Custodian and each Secured Allocated Accounts 
Agreement and each Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement entered 
into by the Issuer, the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the 
Security Deed) and a Custodian 
 
“Daily Adjustment” 
in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.4 
 
“Daily Cancellation Limit” 
means, in respect of all classes relating to a particular Currency and a FX 
Counterparty, the amount specified as such in the relevant Metal Adjustment 
Agreement as amended by agreement between the Issuer and that FX 
Counterparty 
 
“Daily 
Class 
Delivery 
Minimum” 
in respect of a class of Individual Security and Metal Adjustment Contract 
means, for such time as a Rating Event is not outstanding in respect of the 
relevant FX Counterparty, the Pre-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Minimum for that class and for such time as a Rating Event is outstanding, 
the Post-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery Minimum for that class 
 
“Daily Creation Limit” 
means, in respect of all classes relating to a particular Currency and a FX 
Counterparty, the amount specified as such in the relevant Metal Adjustment 
Agreement as amended by agreement between the Issuer and that FX 
Counterparty 
 
“Daily Delivery Amount” 
in respect of a particular class of Metal Adjustment Contract and Individual 
Security means an amount of Bullion calculated as described under the 
heading “Metal Adjustment Contracts — Daily Delivery Amount and 
Aggregate Delivery Amount” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts) 
 
“Daily Hedging Fee” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day, the 
fee charged by the relevant FX Counterparty which is reflected in the 
adjustments to the Metal Entitlement on that Pricing Day as part of the 
calculation of the Daily Adjustment 
 
“Daily Hedging Rate” 
in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5  
 
“Daily Hedging Variation” 
in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.3 
 
“Defaulted Obligation” 
means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment of cash or 
delivery of Bullion in respect of the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities when due, and such failure to make or procure payment of 
cash or delivery of Bullion is not remedied on or before: 
a) in the case of a failure caused in whole or in part by a FX 
Counterparty failing to comply with its obligations to the Issuer in 
respect of any corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts, the fourth 
Pricing Day; and 
b) in any other case, the second Business Day, 
in each case after receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same  
 
"Direct Agreement" 
means an agreement entered into between a FX Counterparty and an 
Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an 
Authorised Participant 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document the 
persons whose names are listed as such in “Directors, Secretary and 
Advisers” below 
 
“Disruption Event” 
in respect of any Index and day means: 
a) Price Source Disruption; 
b) Index Disruption; 
c) Additional Disruption; 
d) Hedging Disruption/Change in Law; or 
e) Bullion Settlement Disruption, 
in each case in respect of that Index and day 
 
“Disruption Fallback” 
means a source or method specified in a Master Confirmation Agreement to 
be applied in respect of a Disruption Event 
 
“Documents” 
means this document, the Trust Instrument, each Security Deed, each Metal 
Adjustment Agreement, each ISDA Master Agreement, each Master 
Confirmation Agreement, any Guarantee, each Custodian Agreement, each 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, each Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, the Services Agreement, the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Administration Agreement and the Licence Agreement 
 
“Early Termination Date” 
in respect of any Metal Adjustment Contract means an “Early Termination 
Date” as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement governing such Metal 
Adjustment Contract 
 
“EC Treaty” 
means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome 
on March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed 
in Maastricht on February 7, 1992) and as amended by the Treaty of 
Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on October 2, 1997), as further amended 
from time to time 
 
“ETFSL” 
means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 88370 
 
“EU” 
means the European Union 
 
“Euronext Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
 
“Euro” or “Eur” or “€” 
means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty 
 
“Euro Basket Security” 
means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Euro 
 
“Euro Individual Security” 
means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a class specified in the relevant 
list in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional Information) and any Further 
Securities denominated in Euro under which the Issuer’s obligations to make 
payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single type 
of Bullion 
 
“Euro Security” or “Euro 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal 
Security” 
 
means a Euro Individual Security or a Euro Basket Security 
“Exempt Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an 
Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business 
comprising a regulated activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need 
to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of the FSMA or 
associated secondary legislation 
 
“Extraordinary 
Resolution” 
means in respect of one or more types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of such type or types duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the Trust Instrument and carried 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. in number of the persons 
voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of such type or types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or (b) a 
resolution in writing of holders of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
such type or types holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of 
such type or types of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities, and where so 
provided for in the Trust Instrument or the Conditions holders of Basket 
Securities may for this purpose be treated as holders of the relevant class 
or classes of Individual Securities comprised therein 
 
“FCA” 
means the UK Financial Conduct Authority and any successor thereto 
 
“FCA Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in 
the FCA Handbook

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
“FCA Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance (as amended) 
 
“Final Terms” 
means final terms in or substantially in the form annexed hereto and for final 
terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party for use in a Europe 
Economic Area State means final terms within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation and for final terms delivered to the FCA or any other 
party for use in the United Kingdom means final terms within the meaning of 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
 
“Fixing” 
means in relation to each type of Bullion on any day on which the Relevant 
Market is open for business, the price fixing process or processes conducted 
under or for the purposes of the rules and procedures of the Relevant 
Association to determine a price for that type of Bullion on that day at that 
Fixing or any successor price fixing process or processes established or 
authorised by or on behalf of the Relevant Association 
 
“Fixing Price” 
means, in relation to any Fixing for any type of Bullion, the price determined 
by the Fixing 
 
“Force 
Majeure 
Disruption” 
means that a FX Counterparty determines that it is unable to acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any hedge 
position relating to a Metal Adjustment Contract in connection with the 
relevant Index or it is unable to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such hedge position, due to the occurrence of a force majeure, act of state, 
act of god, man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or similar 
event or occurrence in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong 
Kong, and any other jurisdiction notified to the Issuer by the FX Counterparty 
from time to time 
 
“Foreign Exchange Rate” 
for an Index and a day in respect of which that Index is calculated and 
published means the rate of exchange used in the calculation of such Index 
for that day, expressed as a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a 
number of US Dollars per Euro, a number of US Dollars per Singapore Dollar 
or a number of US Dollars per Pound Sterling, as the case may be 
 
“FSMA” 
 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom 
and, where applicable, includes the Financial Services Act 2012 
 
“Further Securities” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
“FX Counterparty” 
means the counterparty to each Metal Adjustment Agreement with the 
Issuer. At the date of this Prospectus MSIP is the sole FX Counterparty 
 
“FX 
Counterparty 
Enforcement Event” 
in relation to any FX Counterparty has the meaning given to it in the Security 
Deed to which that FX Counterparty is a party 
 
“FX Counterparty Event of 
Default” 
 
means in relation to any FX Counterparty: 
a) the failure of that FX Counterparty to make, when due, any payment 
or delivery required to be made by it under a ISDA Master 
Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before the first Local 
Business Day (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) 
in the case of any such payment or the first Local Delivery Day (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) in the case of any 
such delivery after, in each case, notice of such failure is given to 
the FX Counterparty and provided that a FX Counterparty Event of 
Default shall not occur if the FX Counterparty demonstrates, to the 
reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer, that such failure to make any 
payment or delivery is caused by an error or omission of an 
administrative or operational nature; funds or assets were available 
to the FX Counterparty to enable it to make the relevant payment or 
delivery; and such payment or delivery is made within two such

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Local Business Days following the date on which written notice is 
given to the FX Counterparty; or 
b) any other event occurring in respect of that FX Counterparty which 
is an Event of Default with respect to that FX Counterparty under 
and as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement to which that FX 
Counterparty is a party 
 
“Gold Individual Security” 
means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to gold 
 
“Good Delivery” 
in respect of any type of Bullion means such Bullion complies with the 
refining standard and weights for such Bullion set by the Relevant 
Association 
 
“Guarantee” 
means, in respect of any FX Counterparty, any guarantee or other form of 
credit support given to the Issuer in respect of such FX Counterparty’s 
obligations under the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master 
Agreement and Master Confirmation Agreement 
“Handbook” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Securities, the document which sets 
out the methodology for the calculation of the Index applicable to that class 
being, at the date of this Prospectus, the document entitled “The Morgan 
Stanley Precious Metal Currency Hedged (MSPM) Indices Gold Manual – 
October 2020 Edition" and the document entitled "The Morgan Stanley 
Precious Metal Currency Hedged (MSPM) Indices Silver/Platinum/Palladium 
Manual – October 2020 Edition. 
 
“Hedging 
Disruption/Change in Law” 
 
has the meaning given in the Master Confirmation Agreement 
“Hedging Fee” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Security the per annum fee payable 
by the Issuer to the FX Counterparty for the provision of the Metal 
Adjustment Contracts pursuant to the terms of the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation 
“Hedging Rate” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Security the daily rate applied to the 
Metal Equivalent of a Metal Adjustment Contract of the relevant class in 
order to determine the Hedging Fee 
 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS Holdings 
(Jersey) Limited) a company incorporated and registered in Jersey, with 
registered number 106817 
 
“holding company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 
2006 of the United Kingdom 
 
“IBA” 
means ICE Benchmark Administration 
 
“Index” 
in respect of a class of Individual Securities means such one of the MSPM 
Indices as relates to the same type of Bullion and Currency as does that 
class 
 
“Index Business Day” 
means in respect of a particular Index, a day on which that Index is 
scheduled to be published in accordance with the Handbook and in respect 
of the Individual Securities of any class means an Index Business Day in 
respect of the Index to which the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
relate 
 
“Index Disruption” 
means in respect of any Pricing Day and any Index in respect of a class of 
Individual Securities that the index sponsor has announced that an

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Adjustment Event or Market Disruption Event (each as defined in the 
Handbook) has occurred in respect of that Index and as a result a level for 
that Index has not been calculated or published on such Pricing Day 
 
“Index Sponsor” 
means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or any other entity which from time to time 
calculates and publishes (or causes to be published) an Index 
 
“Individual Security” 
means an Australian Dollar Individual Security, a Euro Individual Security, a 
Singapore Dollar Individual Security or a Sterling Individual Security and any 
Further Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment 
and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single type of Bullion 
and “Individual Securities” means all of them 
 
“Investment 
Company 
Act” 
means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the United States 
“ISDA Master Agreement” 
means a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement between a FX Counterparty and the 
Issuer and in relation to any Metal Adjustment Agreement means the ISDA 
Master Agreement as defined in such Metal Adjustment Agreement and, 
where the context so permits, the Master Confirmation Agreement and any 
other confirmation supplemental thereto 
 
“Issuer” 
means WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited (formerly ETFS 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited) a company incorporated and registered in 
Jersey with registered number 108311 
 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” 
means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against it 
declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy 
(Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted 
against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making or an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official 
management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(8) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its 
assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 
days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in (1) to (8) (inclusive) above; or (10) takes any action 
in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts, provided that no action taken by the Trustee or 
the Security Trustee in respect of the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument 
or a Security Deed shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event 
 
“Issuer’s Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ or such other internet address as may be 
notified to Security Holders and the Trustee by RIS announcement

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
“Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
“JPMC 
Custodian 
Agreements” 
means the then current JPMC Subscription Unallocated Accounts 
Agreement, JPMC Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and JPMC 
Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement 
 
“JPMC 
Metal 
Sale 
Counterparty Agreement” 
 
means the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement dated 28 February 2013 
between the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Trustee and JPMorgan Chase 
“JPMC Secured Allocated 
Account” 
 
means each account, each relating to a single metal and referring to a single 
Pool (or, if there is in relation to any Pool, more than one FX Counterparty, 
a single PMA Sub-Pool), established in the name of the Security Trustee (as 
legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security Deed) with JPMorgan Chase 
pursuant to the JPMC Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement 
 
“JPMC Secured Allocated 
Accounts Agreement” 
 
means the Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement dated 28 February 2013 
between the Issuer, the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to 
the Security Deed) and JPMorgan Chase 
 
“JPMC 
Secured 
Metal 
Account” 
 
means each of the JPMC Secured Allocated Accounts and the JPMC 
Secured Unallocated Accounts 
 
“JPMC 
Secured 
Unallocated Account” 
 
means each account, each relating to a single metal and referring to a single 
Pool (or, if there is in relation to any Pool, more than one FX Counterparty, 
a single PMA Sub-Pool), established in the name of the Security Trustee (as 
legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security Deed) with JPMorgan Chase 
pursuant to the JPMC Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement 
 
 
“JPMC 
Secured 
Unallocated 
Accounts 
Agreement” 
 
means the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement dated 28 February 
2013 between the Issuer, the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant 
to the Security Deed) and JPMorgan Chase 
 
“JPMC 
Subscription 
Unallocated Account” 
 
means each account, each relating to a single metal and referring to a single 
Pool, established in the name of the Issuer with JPMorgan Chase pursuant 
to the JPMC Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement 
 
“JPMC 
Subscription 
Unallocated 
Accounts 
Agreement” 
means the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement dated 28 
February 2013 between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase 
“JPMorgan Chase” 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association organised 
under the laws of the United States of America, whose principal place of 
business in England is at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP 
 
“JPMorgan Chase Group” 
means JPMorgan Chase and its Affiliates 
 
“LBMA” 
means The London Bullion Market Association and where the context 
requires includes London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. and London Silver Market 
Fixing Ltd. 
 
“Liability” 
means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, 
judgement, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, 
without limitation, in respect of tax) and including any VAT or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal and professional fees 
and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and “Liabilities” shall be construed 
accordingly 
 
“Licence Agreement” 
means the agreement between ETFSL and MS&Co dated 28 February 2013 
as novated to ManJer by a novation and amendment agreement between

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
ETFSL, MS&Co and ManJer dated 5 April 2018 
 
“Listing” 
means in respect of any type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities the 
admission of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type to the UK 
Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and admission of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of that type to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the London 
Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market) becoming 
effective and in respect of any particular Currency-Hedged Metal Security 
means the admission of that Currency-Hedged Metal Security to the UK 
Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and the admission of that 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s 
market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock 
Exchange has at any time more than one such market) becoming effective 
 
“Listing Failure” 
means the refusal of the FCA to admit to the UK Official List or the refusal of 
the London Stock Exchange to admit to trading on its market for listed 
securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any 
time more than one such market) any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
issued or to be issued under the Programme 
 
“Listing Failure Date” 
means, in respect of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued or to be 
issued and the subject of a Listing Failure, the day which was or would have 
been that on which such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities were issued, or 
would have been issued in accordance with the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement, to the relevant Authorised Participant 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA, made under section 73A of FSMA 
 
“LME” 
means the London Metal Exchange 
“London AM Fix” 
means in relation to platinum, palladium and gold on any day on which the 
Relevant Market is open for business, the morning Fixing for that type of 
Bullion or, if there is only one daily Fixing for that type of Bullion, that daily 
Fixing and in relation to silver on any day on which the London Bullion market 
is open for business, the 12.00 noon silver Fixing 
 
“London Bullion Market” 
means the over-the-counter market in gold and silver co-ordinated by the 
LBMA and the over-the-counter market in platinum and palladium co-
ordinated by the LPPM 
 
“London Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks generally and, in respect of any Gold Individual Security, the London 
Bullion Market are open for the transaction of business in London 
 
“London Stock Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or any 
of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than 
one such market), as the context may require 
 
“LPPM” 
means The London Platinum and Palladium Market and where the context 
requires includes The London Platinum and Palladium Fixing Company 
Limited 
 
“Main Market” 
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange  
 
"Management Fee" 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer in 
consideration for the provision by ManJer of all management and 
administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in Part 4 
(Description of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) under the heading 
“Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee – Management Fee”, as that 
amount may be adjusted from time to time

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly known as ETFS 
Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey, with registered number 106921 
 
“Master 
Confirmation 
Agree 
ment” 
means a contract entitled “Master Confirmation Agreement for Metal 
Adjustment Contracts” between a FX Counterparty and the Issuer including 
any Pricing Notices as defined in such Master Confirmation Agreement, and 
in relation to any Metal Adjustment Agreement means the Master 
Confirmation Agreement as defined in such Metal Adjustment Agreement 
 
“Maximum Bullion Class 
Delivery Amount” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Security and Metal Adjustment 
Contracts means an amount in US Dollars specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms 
 
“Metal Accounts” 
means each Secured Metal Account and each corresponding Subscription 
Unallocated Account 
 
“Metal 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
 
means an agreement entitled “Metal Adjustment Agreement Relating to 
Metal Adjustment Contracts” between the Issuer and a FX Counterparty 
pursuant to which the FX Counterparty will enter into Metal Adjustment 
Contracts with the Issuer and for as long as MSIP is a FX Counterparty 
including the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement 
 
“Metal 
Adjustment 
Contract” 
means a contract between the Issuer and a FX Counterparty created in 
accordance with a Metal Adjustment Agreement and relating to an Index, 
and in relation to Individual Securities of a particular class means a 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract 
 
“Metal 
Adjustment 
Documentation” 
means any Metal Adjustment Agreement, any ISDA Master Agreement and 
any Master Confirmation Agreement 
 
“Metal Delivery” 
means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect 
thereof by delivery of Bullion in accordance with the Conditions 
 
“Metal Entitlement” 
means as at any date and in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security, the amount(s) of Bullion to which the Security Holder of that 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security is entitled on Redemption of that Currency-
Hedged Metal Security on that date in accordance with Condition 5 (Metal 
Entitlement) 
 
“Metal Equivalent” 
means, as at any date and in relation to any Metal Adjustment Contract, the 
“Metal Equivalent” for such Metal Adjustment Contract pursuant to the terms 
of the Metal Adjustment Documentation governing such Metal Adjustment 
Contract 
 
“Metal Future” 
in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities other than Gold 
Individual Securities means the futures contract specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms 
 
“Metal Sale” 
means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect 
thereof by sale of Bullion to a Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to a Metal 
Sale Counterparty Agreement and payment of the proceeds of sale to the 
relevant Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
 
“Metal Sale Counterparty” 
means a financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer and the 
Security Trustee have entered into a Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement. 
At the date of this Prospectus JPMorgan Chase is the sole Metal Sale

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Counterparty 
 
“Metal Sale Counterparty 
Account” 
 
means in relation to any Metal Sale Counterparty such unallocated Bullion 
account of such Metal Sale Counterparty as may be specified in or pursuant 
to the applicable Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
 
“Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement” 
 
means an agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Security Trustee and a 
financial institution or other entity providing for the sale from time to time at 
the request of the Security Trustee of Bullion attributable to or forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
of any one or more classes and for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Metal 
Sale Counterparty includes the JPMC Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
 
“MiFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive), as amended 
 
“month” 
means calendar month 
 
“Monthly Class Delivery 
Minimum” 
 
means in respect of a class of Individual Security and Metal Adjustment 
Contracts means an amount in US Dollars specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms 
 
“Morgan Stanley Group” 
means MSIP and each of its Affiliates 
 
“MS&Co” 
means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a corporation established under the laws 
of the State of Delaware, United States, and whose principal place of 
business is at 1585 Broadway, New York, NY 10036, United States 
“MSIP” 
means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, a company incorporated and 
registered in England and Wales with number 02068222 whose registered 
office is situated at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA, 
England 
 
“MSIP 
ISDA 
Master 
Agreement” 
 
means the ISDA Master Agreement between the Issuer and MSIP dated 28 
February 2013 
“MSIP 
Master 
Confirmation Agreement” 
 
means the Master Confirmation Agreement between the Issuer and MSIP 
dated 28 February 2013 
 
“MSIP Metal Adjustment 
Agreement” 
 
means the Metal Adjustment Agreement between (inter alios) the Issuer and 
MSIP dated 28 February 2013 
 
“MSIP Metal Adjustment 
Documentation” 
 
means together the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement, the MSIP ISDA 
Master Agreement and the MSIP Master Confirmation Agreement 
 
“MSPM Indices” 
means the “MSPM Indices” calculated and published by MS&Co. in 
accordance with the Handbook 
“MSPM Website” 
has the meaning given under the heading “MSPM Indices” in Part 3 
(Overview of the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) 
 
“New York Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks generally are open for the transaction of business in New York and, 
in relation to any Bullion Class other than a Bullion Class that references 
gold, means a day which is also a trading day for the principal exchange on 
which the Metal Future for that Bullion Class is traded 
 
“Official List” 
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin 
 
“OTC” 
means the global over-the-counter market for the trading of Bullion

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
“ounces” or “oz” 
means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes. A troy 
ounce is slightly heavier than the more common ounces used in the UK and 
the United States, being approximately 1.097 times the weight of the latter 
 
“outstanding” 
in relation to each type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, means all the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type issued and in respect of 
which there is for the time being an entry in the Register other than: 
 
a) Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which have been redeemed and 
cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and 
b) Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which have been purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting 
of the Security Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of the 
Trust Instrument, Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (if any) which are for 
the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) 
ETFSL, (C) ManJer, 
(D) any FX Counterparty which is not also an Authorised Participant or an 
Affiliate of an Authorised Participant, (E) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of 
any such FX Counterparty falling under (D), (F) any individual Controller of 
the Issuer, ETFSL or ManJer or (G) any person controlled by any such 
persons listed in (A) to (F) above shall (unless and until ceasing to be so 
held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the holders of 
such Currency- Hedged Metal Securities shall be deemed not to be Security 
Holders 
 
“Overseas Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 
19 of FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United 
Kingdom, whose head office is situated outside the United Kingdom and 
whose ordinary business involves carrying on activities of the kind specified 
by any of articles 14, 21, 25, 37, 40, 45, 51, 52 and 53 or, so far as relevant 
to any of those articles, article 64 of the RAO (or would do so apart from any 
exclusion from any of those articles made by the RAO) 
 
“Palladium 
Individual 
Security” 
means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to palladium 
“Platinum 
Individual 
Security” 
means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to platinum 
 
“PMA Sub-Pool” 
means in respect of a class of Individual Securities (and in respect of Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class) each 
separate pool, forming part of or (if only one FX Counterparty has been 
appointed in respect of that class of Individual Securities) constituting the 
Pool to which such class relates, relating to a single FX Counterparty. Such 
PMA Sub-Pool will have allocated to it all Metal Adjustment Contracts 
applicable to the relevant Pool with that FX Counterparty and the Bullion 
applicable to such Metal Adjustment Contracts 
 
“Pool” 
means a separate pool relating to a particular class of Individual Securities 
(and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of 
that class). If at any time in respect of any class of Individual Securities there 
is more than one FX Counterparty, then the Pool in respect of such class will 
comprise all PMA Sub-Pools relating to such class 
“Post-Downgrade 
Daily 
Class Delivery Minimum” 
 
in respect of a class of Individual Security and Metal Adjustment Contract 
means an amount in US Dollars specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
 
“Pre-Downgrade 
Daily in respect of a class of Individual Security and Metal Adjustment Contract

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Class Delivery Minimum 
means an amount in US Dollars specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
 
“Price Source Disruption” 
in relation to any Index and any Pricing Day for a particular class of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means either: 
i. 
the Index is not published and available on the relevant display page 
of the Bloomberg or Reuters Monitor Money Rates service, or any 
successor, at 5.00 p.m. on such Pricing Day; or 
ii. 
a Calculation Agent determines that the level of the Index displayed 
on the relevant display page of the Bloomberg or Reuters service, 
or any successor, on such Pricing Day is manifestly incorrect 
 
“Pricing Day” 
means, in respect of Individual Securities of any class, an Index Business 
Day in respect of such class which is not a day on which an Additional 
Disruption in respect of the Index to which that class relates has occurred 
and is continuing 
 
“Principal Amount” 
in respect of each Currency-Hedged Metal Security means the amount 
specified as such in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal Security in the 
Trust Instrument and as set out in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional 
Information) 
 
“Priority Waterfall” 
means the provisions described in Condition 13 
 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
described in this document 
 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor” 
 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the 
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any 
“plan” to which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose 
underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within 
the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as 
they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any 
governmental or church plan that is subject to any United States federal, 
state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of 
ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of 
any such Plan or entity 
 
“Prohibited US Person” 
means a person who is (a) a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, 
or any person who holds Currency-Hedged Metal Securities for the benefit 
of a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, and (b) a US Person who 
is not a Qualified Institutional Buyer 
 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer 
 
“Prospectus Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
 
“Prospectus Regulation” 
means the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation 
Rules” 
means the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time made 
under sections 73A and 84 of FSMA 
 
“Qualified 
Institutional 
Buyer” 
means a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined under Rule 144A of the 
Securities Act

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Qualified Purchaser” 
means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment 
Company Act 
 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted from time to time) made 
under FSMA 
 
“Rating Event” 
in relation to a FX Counterparty means the long term senior debt credit rating 
of the FX Counterparty ceasing to be rated at least BBB- by Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof), and at least Baa3 by Moody’s 
Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business thereof). A 
Rating Event will be “outstanding” following the occurrence of a Rating Event 
but only for such time as the aforementioned ratings remain below the 
aforementioned levels. A Rating Event will not be “outstanding” at any time 
prior to the occurrence of a Rating Event and will not be “outstanding” 
following the occurrence of a Rating Event provided that the aforementioned 
ratings are once again at or above the aforementioned levels 
 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” and “Redeemed” shall be 
construed accordingly) 
 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in accordance with Condition 9 and on which more 
information can be found under the heading “Application Fees and 
Redemption Fees” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities) 
 
“Redemption Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in accordance 
with the Conditions 
 
“Redemption Limits” 
means the limits under the Metal Adjustment Agreements on redemption of 
Metal Adjustment Contracts, as set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities) under the heading “Creation Limits and 
Redemption Limits” 
 
“Redemption Notice Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Redemption Obligations” 
means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security to make payment or deliver Bullion to the relevant Security 
Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
 
“Registers” 
means the registers of Security Holders of each class kept and maintained 
by the Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly 
 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other 
person as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the 
Registers 
 
“Registrar Agreement” 
means the registrar agreement dated 28 February 2013 between the 
Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee 
 
“Regulated Market” 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended 
 
“Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 
including any modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor 
made and for the time being in force which, inter alia, enable title to

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by a 
certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument 
 
“Relevant Association” 
means in respect of Good Delivery: 
a) in respect of platinum and palladium, the LPPM or its successors; 
and  
b) in respect of silver and gold, the LBMA or its successors  
c) 
means in respect of Fixing: 
d) in respect of platinum and palladium, the LME or its successors; 
e) in respect of gold, IBA or its successors; and 
f) 
in respect of silver, CME or its successors and Thomson Reuters or 
its successors 
 
“Relevant Currency” 
in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Security or Metal Adjustment 
Contract, the currency in which that Currency-Hedged Metal Security or 
Metal Adjustment Contract is denominated being: 
a) in the case of an Australian Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Security 
or an Australian Dollar Metal Adjustment Contract, Australian 
Dollars; 
b) in the case of a Euro Currency-Hedged Metal Security or a Euro 
Metal Adjustment Contract, Euro; 
c) 
in the case of a Singapore Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Security 
or a Singapore Dollar Metal Adjustment Contract, Singapore 
Dollars; and 
d) in the case of a Sterling Currency-Hedged Metal Security or a 
Sterling Metal Adjustment Contract, Sterling 
 
“Relevant Custodian” 
in respect of the Redemption of Individual Securities of any class (and of 
Basket Securities of any category to the extent comprised of any Individual 
Securities of such class and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof): 
a) if each Secured Allocated Account and each Secured Unallocated 
Account in respect of each Pool to which such Individual Securities 
(and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that 
class of Individual Securities and any Bullion forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect thereof) relate is with the same 
Custodian, means the Custodian with which such Secured Metal 
Accounts are established; and 
b) if all Secured Allocated Accounts and Secured Unallocated 
Accounts in respect of each Pool to which such Individual Securities 
(and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that 
class of Individual Securities and any Bullion forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect thereof) relate are not with the same 
Custodian, means the Custodian with which the Secured Metal 
Account(s) designated pursuant to Condition 6.1.2 is/are 
established 
 
“Relevant Market” 
means in respect of silver, gold, platinum and palladium, the London Bullion 
market; 
“Relevant 
Metal 
Sale 
Counterparty” 
 
a) in respect of any Metal Sale relating to Individual Securities of any 
class (and of Basket Securities of any category to the extent 
comprised of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such class 
and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
thereof): 
b) if there is only one Metal Sale Counterparty in respect of the Pool to 
which such Individual Securities (and any Basket Securities to the 
extent they are comprised of that class of Individual Securities and 
any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof) 
relate, means that Metal Sale Counterparty; and 
c) 
if there is more than one Metal Sale Counterparty in respect of the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Pool to which such Individual Securities (and any Basket Securities 
to the extent they are comprised of that class of Individual Securities 
and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
thereof) relate, means the Metal Sale Counterparty designated 
pursuant to Condition 6.1.3 
 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the 
Listing Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
Secured 
Allocated 
Account” 
means an allocated Bullion account established with a Custodian in the 
name of the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security 
Deed) pursuant to a Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and for so long 
as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian includes each JPMC Secured Allocated 
Account 
 
“Secured 
Allocated 
Accounts Agreement” 
 
means an agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Security Trustee 
(as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security Deed) and a Custodian 
pursuant to which one or more Secured Allocated Accounts is established 
and operated and for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian includes 
the JPMC Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement 
“Secured Metal Account” 
means a Secured Allocated Account or a Secured Unallocated Account and 
in respect of any Pool or PMA Sub-Pool means the Secured Allocated 
Account(s) and Secured Unallocated Account(s) relating to Bullion forming 
part of the Secured Property in respect of such Pool or PMA Sub-Pool (as 
the case may be) and for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian 
includes each JPMC Secured Metal Account 
 
“Secured Metal Accounts 
Agreements” 
 
means each Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and Secured 
Unallocated Accounts Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a Security 
Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) and a Custodian 
“Secured Parties” 
 
means in respect of any Security Deed, the Security Trustee, the Trustee, 
the FX Counterparty which is a party to such Security Deed, ManJer and the 
Security Holders 
 
“Secured Property” 
means in respect of Individual Securities of any class and Basket Securities 
of any category to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of that 
class, all Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts applicable to that 
class, all rights of the Issuer under all Secured Metal Accounts Agreements, 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, Metal Adjustment Agreements, ISDA 
Master Agreements, Master Confirmation Agreements and Metal 
Adjustment Contracts and any Guarantee, to the extent that they apply to 
Individual Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and which are subject 
to the security created in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Security Deed as it applies in respect of such class and, in respect of any 
PMA Sub-Pool, all Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts applicable 
to that PMA Sub-Pool, all rights of the Issuer under all Secured Metal 
Accounts Agreements, Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, Metal 
Adjustment Agreements, ISDA Master Agreements, Master Confirmation 
Agreements and Metal Adjustment Contracts and any Guarantee allocated 
to such PMA Sub-Pool, or any part thereof, and which are subject to the 
security created in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant to the Security 
Deed as it applies in respect of such PMA Sub-Pool 
 
“Secured 
Unallocated 
Account” 
 
means an unallocated Bullion account established with a Custodian in the 
name of the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security 
Deed) pursuant to a Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement and for so 
long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian includes each JPMC Secured 
Unallocated Account 
 
“Secured 
Unallocated 
Accounts Agreement” 
 
means an agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Security Trustee 
(as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security Deed) and a Custodian 
pursuant to which one or more Secured Unallocated Accounts is established

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
and operated and for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian includes 
the JPMC Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement 
 
“Securities Act” 
means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States 
 
“Security” 
means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the Security Deed 
“Security Deed” 
means in relation to each class of Individual Securities (and Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class) a 
security deed entered into between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, a FX Counterparty and ManJer in relation to the Secured Property 
in respect of such class, and, in respect of each Pool or PMA Sub-Pool, 
means the same as it applies to such Pool or PMA Sub-Pool (as the case 
may be) and as at the date of this Prospectus means the Security Deed 
dated 28 February 2013 between, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, MSIP and ManJer 
“Security Holder” 
means a registered holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Security Holder Account” 
means in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be 
Redeemed by Metal Delivery, an unallocated account with a 
member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a Basket Security, 
one or more unallocated accounts with one of more members of the 
Relevant Associations) specified by a Security Holder into which Bullion of 
the appropriate type may be deposited 
 
“Security Trustee” 
means each security trustee appointed from time to time pursuant 
to a Security Deed to hold the security granted by the Issuer pursuant to 
such Security Deed. At the date of this Prospectus The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. is the only Security Trustee 
 
“Services Agreement” 
means the Services Agreement dated 28 February 2013 between 
ManJer and the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by 
ManJer to the Issuer 
 
“Settlement Date” 
means: 
in relation to any Application, the date two Business Days after the 
Application Date; and 
in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption by 
Authorised Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security 
Holders), the date determined in accordance with Condition 6.13 (Settlement 
Date) 
 
“Silver 
Individual 
Security” 
means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to silver 
 
"Silver/Platinum/Palladium 
Bullion Class" 
means a Bullion Class which references silver, platinum or palladium 
“Singapore 
Dollars” 
or 
“S$” 
 
means the lawful currency of the Republic of Singapore 
“Singapore Dollar Basket 
Security” 
 
means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Singapore Dollars 
 
“Singapore 
Dollar 
Individual Security” 
means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a class specified in the relevant 
list in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional Information) and any Further 
Securities denominated in Singapore Dollars under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by 
reference to a single type of Bullion 
 
“Singapore 
Dollar means a Singapore Dollar Individual Security or a Singapore Dollar Basket

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Security” or “Singapore 
Dollar 
Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security” 
 
Security 
 
“Sterling” 
or 
“Pound 
Sterling” or “GBP” or “£” 
 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom 
“Sterling Basket Security” 
means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Sterling 
“Sterling 
Individual 
Security” 
means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a class specified in the relevant 
list in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional Information) and any Further 
Securities denominated in Sterling under which the Issuer’s obligations to 
make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single 
type of Bullion 
 
“Sterling 
Security” 
or 
“Sterling 
Currency-
Hedged Metal Security” 
means a Sterling Individual Security or a Sterling Basket Security 
“Sub-Custodians” 
means sub-custodians, agents or depositories appointed by the a Custodian 
pursuant to a Custodian Agreement to perform any of its duties under such 
Custodian Agreements including the custody and safe-keeping of Bullion 
 
“Subscription Unallocated 
Account” 
 
means an unallocated Bullion account established by the Issuer with a 
Custodian pursuant to a Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement and 
for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian includes each JPMC 
Subscription Unallocated Account 
 
“Subscription Unallocated 
Accounts Agreement” 
 
means an agreement entered into between the Issuer and a Custodian 
pursuant to which one or more Subscription Unallocated Accounts is 
established and operated and for so long as JPMorgan Chase is a Custodian 
includes the JPMC Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement 
 
“subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 
2006 
 
“System” 
means the system for requesting the issue and Redemption of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities and the creation and cancellation of Metal 
Adjustment Contracts via the secure website intended to be maintained by 
the Issuer for such purpose as described under the heading “Applications 
and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities) 
 
“tax” 
means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods 
and services tax, withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration 
and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export tax or tariff and any 
other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties and charges 
imposed or levied by a government or government agency 
 
“Thomson Reuters” 
means Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited 
 
“Transparency Directive” 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council 
 
“Transparency Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the FCA from 
time to time, made under section 73A of the FSMA 
 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood 
Street, London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the 
Trust Instrument

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 28 February 2013 (as amended) between 
the Issuer and the Trustee constituting Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
and includes the schedules thereto and the Conditions 
 
“type” 
means, in relation to Individual Securities, a class thereof and, in relation to 
Basket Securities, the category thereof 
 
“UCITS Fund” 
means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS 
directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking 
for collective investment in transferable securities subject to that directive 
and includes a UCITS Scheme 
 
“UCITS Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” 
contained in the FCA Glossary 
 
"UK Official List" 
means the official list maintained by the FCA for the purposes of Part VI of 
FSMA 
 
"UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
 
“Unacceptable Authorised 
Participant” 
 
means an Authorised Participant in respect of which the relevant FX 
Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Agreement that the Authorised Participant has ceased to be 
acceptable to such FX Counterparty 
 
“Uncertificated” 
or 
“Uncertificated Form” 
 
means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST 
 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
 
“United States” or “U.S.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, 
any state of the United States and the District of Columbia 
 
“Unscheduled Holiday” 
means that (i) the relevant Index Business Day is not a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business in the principal financial centre of 
the currency underlying the relevant Index in respect of which the US Dollar 
exposure is being hedged; and/or is not a local business day on which the 
relevant Bullion market in the relevant delivery location is open for business 
in accordance with the market practice of that Bullion market and/or in 
respect of Metal Adjustment Contracts of a Silver/Platinum/Palladium Bullion 
Class, a day on which the Metal Future applicable to the relevant Bullion is 
published by 3.30 p.m. (New York time); and (ii) the market was not aware 
of such fact until a time later than 9.00 a.m. local time in such principal 
financial centre or relevant market or delivery location two local business 
days prior to the relevant Index Business Day 
 
“US Dollars”, “USD” or 
“US$” 
means the lawful currency of the United States  
 
 
“US Dollar Equivalent” 
in respect of a particular quantity of Bullion in respect of a particular class of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means the US Dollar value of that Bullion 
calculated by multiplying the quantity of Bullion by the mid price of the bid 
and ask prices of the Bullion to US Dollar exchange rate used in the 
calculation of the Index relating to that class of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities for the relevant Pricing Day

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
“US Person” 
means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
“VAT” 
means value added tax 
 
“Volume Limit” 
means in respect of all classes relating to a particular Currency and a FX 
Counterparty, the amount specified as such in the relevant Metal Adjustment 
Agreement as amended by agreement between the Issuer and that FX 
Counterparty 
 
“WM/Reuters Rate” 
in relation to any Currency and any day, means the WM/Reuters Closing 
Spot Rate for that Currency and that day produced by the WM Company, or 
any substitute for such rate agreed with each FX Counterparty for the 
purposes of the Metal Adjustment Agreements, in each case expressed as 
a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a number of US Dollars per 
Euro, a number of US Dollars per Singapore Dollar or a number of US 
Dollars per Pound Sterling, provided that if the WM Company produces an 
amended or corrected WM/Reuters Closing Spot Rate for that Currency and 
that day by no later than 9.00 p.m. on that day, the WM/Reuters Rate for that 
Currency and that day shall be such amended or corrected rate 
 
“WM Company” 
means The WM Company, the trading name of The World Markets Company 
plc (registered in Scotland under company number SC088378) and/or State 
Street Corporation and includes any successor to the business known as the 
WM/Reuters Spot & Forward Rates service that includes compiling and/or 
publishing the WM/Reuters Rate for each Currency 
 
References in this document to a particular time are references to the time applicable in London, United 
Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation 
as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK 
legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 46(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be construed as 
references to the Prospectus Regulation therefore any references to the Prospectus Directive in this 
Prospectus are to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and any reference to any particular 
provision of the Prospectus Directive is to be construed accordingly. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or document includes a 
reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time. Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in this document to any statute 
or any provision of any statute includes a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or 
any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or re-enactment, 
in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
Directors of the Issuer 
Stuart Bell 
Chris Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter M. Ziemba 
All the Directors are non-executive 
 
Secretary of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Corporate administrator of 
the Issuer 
 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Registered Office of the 
Issuer 
and 
address 
of 
directors, 
secretary 
and 
corporate administrator of 
the Issuer 
 
The address of all the directors and of the secretary and corporate 
administrator of the Issuer is the registered office of the Issuer, 
which is: 
Ordnance House 31 Pier Road St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands 
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ 
 
Management 
and 
Administrative 
Service 
Provider 
 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Fifth Floor 
100 Wood Street 
London EC2V 7EX 
United Kingdom 
 
Security Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Fifth Floor 
100 Wood Street 
London EC2V 7EX 
United Kingdom 
 
Custodian 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
English Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
W Legal Limited 
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
 
English Tax Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4QQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to 
Mourant Ozannes

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
the Issuer 
 
22 Grenville Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX 
Channel Islands 
 
Austrian Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Universitätsring 10 
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Danish Legal Adviser to the 
Issuer 
 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm 
P/S Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
 
Dutch Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
 
Stibbe N.V. 
Beethovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Finnish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Dittmar & Indrenius Pohjoisesplanadi 
25 A FI-00100 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
French Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
32 Rue de Monceau 
75008 
Paris 
France 
 
German Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Dechert LLP 
Skygarden 
Erika-Mann Straße, 5 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
 
German Listing and Paying 
Agent 
 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Königsalee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
 
Irish Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
 
A&L Goodbody IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Galleria San Carlo 6 
20122 Milano 
Italy 
 
Norwegian Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Wiersholm 
Dokkveien 1

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
6th Floor 
0250 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Spanish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
Cuatrecasas, Gonçalves Pereira 
Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Swedish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB  
Hamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm 
 
English Legal Advisers to 
the Trustee and the Security 
Trustee 
 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to 
the Trustee and the Security 
Trustee 
 
 
Ogier 
Ogier House 
The Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey, JE4 9WG 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House, Castle Street  
St Helier Jersey 
Channel Islands JE1 1EY 
 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St. Helier Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the FCA, are incorporated into 
this document by reference and are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
(under the 'Regulatory Reports' section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the 
documents listed below are entitled ‘ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited – Annual Account 2018’ and 
‘WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited – Annual Account 2019’) and at the registered office of the Issuer 
as set out in paragraph 7 of Part 13 (Additional Information): 
1. The published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2018 
as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 
13 March 2019; and 
2. The published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 
as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 
15 May 2020 (the "2019 Company Accounts"). 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and other 
than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of any websites 
or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
Emphasis of matter in 2019 Company Accounts  
In 2019 Company Accounts, the Auditors of the Company included an emphasis of matter. The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is set out below.   
We draw attention to Note 2, Note 11(c)(i) and Note 13 of the financial statements, which describes the 
economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 which is impacting financial 
markets and creating greater volatility in metal bullion prices. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this 
matter.  
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Company Accounts are summarised, below.  
The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Company Accounts.  
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities fluctuates according to 
value of the Metal Bullion and Metal Adjustment Contracts. The risk of such change in price is managed by 
the Issuer holding Metal Bullion and Metal Adjustment Contracts in the same quantity as its liability. Therefore, 
the Issuer bears no financial risk from a change in the price of Metal Bullion and Metal Adjustment Contracts. 
However, there is an inherent risk from the point of view of investors as the price of Metal Bullion and Metal 
Adjustment Contracts and the value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may vary widely due to, amongst 
other things, changes in exchange rates, changing supply or demand for Metal Bullion, government and 
monetary policy or intervention and global or regional political, economic or financial events.  
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the WHO 
had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and supranational 
organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, 
including requiring or encouraging home working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and 
restricting or discouraging gatherings of people.   
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined above, and 
public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of commodities and hence the prices of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature. The directors 
are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, which is fluid and 
rapidly changing.  
The market price of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply and demand 
amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the bid or offer spread that 
the market makers are willing to quote.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has created and is currently making available for issue up to 16 different types of Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities comprising: 
– 
four different classes of Gold Individual Securities; 
– 
four different classes of Palladium Individual Securities; 
– 
four different classes of Platinum Individual Securities; and 
– 
four different classes of Silver Individual Securities. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are currently denominated in four Currencies: Australian Dollars, Euro, 
Singapore Dollars and Pounds Sterling. 
The Issuer may also create and make available for issue Basket Securities comprising any two or more of Gold 
Individual Securities of any class, Silver Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of 
any class and/or Palladium Individual Securities of any class in any proportions, and denominated in a 
particular Currency. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are designed to offer Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar and Pound 
Sterling investors a means of investing in physical Bullion (through Individual Securities) or baskets of physical 
Bullion (through Basket Securities) without the necessity of trading and storing Bullion, and to hedge such 
exposure against exchange rate movements between the US Dollar and the Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore 
Dollar or Pound Sterling, respectively. 
Investors can buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities through the trading of securities listed on the 
London Stock Exchange and on certain other stock exchanges. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a type of physical precious metal, 
the Metal Entitlement, (expressed in a quantity of the relevant precious metal) which aims (before management 
fees and hedging costs) to provide an Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar or Pound Sterling investor with 
the same percentage return (positive or negative) that a US Dollar investor would gain from investing directly 
in precious metal. The currency hedge element is provided through arrangements (Metal Adjustment 
Contracts) with one or more FX Counterparties which give an exposure to a currency-hedged index, the level 
of which is expressed in a quantity of the relevant precious metal. If the level of the relevant index were to 
increase on a particular day then, for that day and in respect of the class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
relating to that Index, the FX Counterparty will typically owe to the Issuer a quantity of Bullion equivalent to the 
level of such increase. On a fall in the relevant index then the Issuer will typically owe a quantity of Bullion to 
the FX Counterparty equivalent to the level of such fall. 
The physical nature of the product arises because applications for and redemptions of Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities are, in general, satisfied in precious metal of the relevant type, which is stored in safe custody with a 
Custodian. Only metal that conforms to the rules for Good Delivery of the London Bullion Market Association 
(LBMA) can be accepted by the Custodian. Each physical bar is segregated, individually identified and 
allocated. 
Any amounts owing under the Metal Adjustment Contracts, to provide the currency-hedging for the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, are also generally settled in physical precious metals by transfers to or from the 
Custodian so that, subject to certain minimum thresholds and daily maximum limits that apply to transfers 
between the Secured Accounts and the FX Counterparty, the amount of precious metal of the relevant type in 
safe custody should equal the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The arrangements with the FX Counterparty and the details of the deliveries to be made under those 
arrangements (including details of these thresholds and limits) are described in more detail in Part 9 
(Description of the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
As a result of the Application and Redemption process and the arrangements with the FX Counterparty the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are physically backed and maintain a direct relationship to the value of the 
underlying precious metal in the relevant currency. 
The Metal Adjustment Contracts do not provide a pure currency hedge or “quanto”, in which the value in the 
relevant currency would rise or fall in direct proportion to rises and falls in the value in US Dollars of an 
unhedged investment throughout the day. Instead, the currency hedge provided by the Metal Adjustment 
Contracts only reflects the movement in the relevant exchange rate at the start of the relevant day and at the 
end of the relevant day. This means that investors will remain exposed to the effect of foreign exchange rate 
movements on any changes in value of the underlying metal that occur during that day. Further information on 
the Indices and how they are calculated is set out under the heading “MSPM Indices” in Part 3 (Overview of 
the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) and illustrations of the effect of the Indices under various 
scenarios are provided under the heading “Effect of the Currency Hedge provided by the Indices” in Part 3 
(Overview of the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices). 
The precise rights attached to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, including deductions in respect of 
management fees and hedging costs and how they are calculated and applied, are set out in the Conditions, 
which are reproduced in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Metal Securities), and described in 
more detail below and in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities), and an illustration of the 
effect of these rights, including worked examples, is set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder calculate the 
value of their investment?). 
Listing and Trading 
All Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are fully transferable. The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for all 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in issue and to be issued within 12 months from the date of this Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities there. The Issuer has also applied to the FCA for all of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
to be issued within 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the 
London Stock Exchange for all of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on its Main 
Market. However, an active secondary market on the Main Market may not develop in respect of all types of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and 
trading on the Main Market are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are 
such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Each type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities traded on the London Stock Exchange may have different 
market makers, bid/offer spreads and depth of liquidity and may be traded using different platforms. The Issuer 
hopes that some of the more liquid Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be traded on the Sets-MM platform 
but can give no assurance as to which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities might attract the most and the least 
amount of trading activity. 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on the London Stock Exchange is two business days 
(T+2). 
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the London 
Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com. 
Certain classes of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have also been admitted to listing and/or trading on the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) and on the ETFplus market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., see Part 5 (The 
Programme). 
Custody of Bullion 
Bullion on which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be secured will be held by the Custodian at its 
London vault premises but may be held elsewhere by the Custodian or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the 
Custodian or by a delegate of a Sub-Custodian on a temporary basis prior to Bullion being transported to 
such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process. All such Bullion will be held in the 
Secured Metal Accounts where it will be held in “allocated” form (that is, as uniquely identifiable Good 
Delivery bars). A small portion may be held in unallocated form on a short term basis when Bullion is in the 
process of being allocated or de-allocated for a creation or redemption or to settle Daily Delivery Amounts.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the London branch of which is regulated by the FCA and which is a subsidiary 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co., is the Custodian of the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts. 
All Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts will be the subject of a fixed charge or legal mortgage in favour 
of the Security Trustee under the Security Deed to secure (inter alia) the obligations owed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of Individual Securities of the relevant class (and Basket Securities 
to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class), to the FX Counterparty in respect of Metal 
Adjustment Contracts and to ManJer in respect of the Management Fee. 
Further details of the Custodian and the arrangements for the storage of Bullion, including a summary of the 
terms of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements, are set out in Part 8 (Custody and the Custodian 
Agreements) and a summary of the terms of the Security Deed is set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security 
Deed). 
Currency Hedge, FX Counterparties and Metal Adjustment Documentation 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities provide exposure to the relevant physical Bullion which is hedged 
against exchange rate movements between the US Dollar and the Relevant Currency. This hedged exposure 
is obtained through an exposure to the MSPM Indices. The MSPM Indices provide benchmarks for long 
investments in a wide range of physical precious metals with a currency hedge overlay. Movements in these 
indices are reflected in the Metal Entitlement by the operation of the Daily Hedging Variation. 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Daily Hedging Variation of each class of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities will be linked to Metal Adjustment Contracts entered into with one or more FX Counterparties. 
In order to become a FX Counterparty an entity must have entered into Metal Adjustment Documentation 
(comprising a Metal Adjustment Agreement, an ISDA Master Agreement and a Master Confirmation 
Agreement) with the Issuer. At the date of this Prospectus the Issuer has entered into Metal Adjustment 
Documentation only with MSIP. MSIP has agreed in the MSIP Metal Adjustment Documentation, subject as 
provided therein, to enter into Metal Adjustment Contracts. 
A summary of the terms of the Metal Adjustment Documentation is set out in Part 9 (Description of the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts) and information on MSIP is set out in Part 10 
(Particulars of the FX Counterparty). 
The Issuer may appoint additional FX Counterparties in the future. Other Metal Adjustment Documentation 
may not be on the same terms as the MSIP Metal Adjustment Documentation. It is not the Issuer’s 
intention to enter into Metal Adjustment Documentation with other FX Counterparties for the purpose of 
spreading counterparty risk. 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust 
Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each type of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. The Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts is the subject of fixed charges or legal mortgages 
under the Security Deed in favour of the Security Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the 
Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and to secure the 
obligations of the Issuer to the FX Counterparty in respect of the Metal Adjustment Contracts and the 
obligations of the Issuer to ManJer in respect of the Management Fee. Under the Secured Metal Accounts 
Agreements the Custodian acknowledges the Security created in favour of the Security Trustee and agrees 
that once Bullion is deposited in the Secured Metal Accounts, it may only be removed after approval from the 
Security Trustee. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Individual Security (and each category of Basket 
Security to the extent it comprises Individual Securities of that class) and certain prior-ranking obligations of 
the Issuer to other parties including the FX Counterparty and ManJer will be secured by a fixed charge or legal 
mortgage over the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to that class, and over the rights of 
the Issuer in respect of those Secured Metal Accounts under the Secured 
Metal Accounts Agreements and the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Metal Adjustment Documentation 
and the Metal Adjustment Contracts, in each case to the extent attributable to that class. 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities as represented by the above diagram. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the London Stock Exchange and certain 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can also be bought or sold for cash on the Borsa Italiana and/or the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the other stock exchanges on which the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities 
are admitted to trading) rather than directly from the Issuer. Details of the exchanges on which a particular type 
of security can be traded are set out in the applicable Final Terms. Market makers provide liquidity on those 
stock exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as Authorised Participant 
Agreements) with certain financial institutions — Authorised Participants — whereby it has agreed to issue 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to those Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. Further details about 
the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading “Authorised Participant Agreement” in 
paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
Upon creation of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities with an Authorised Participant the funds and assets 
flow as follows: 
– 
The Authorised Participant must deliver Bullion with an aggregate weight equal to the Metal Entitlement 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities into the relevant Secured Unallocated Account(s). 
– 
Once the Bullion has been received the Issuer will create the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and 
deliver them to the Authorised Participant via CREST. Further detail about the settlement of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities can be found under the heading “Settlement” in Part 5 (The Programme). 
– 
The Issuer enters into corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts whenever Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities of a class are issued. Further detail about the Metal Adjustment Contracts can be found in 
Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts). 
Under the Metal Adjustment Contracts, on each pricing day an amount of Bullion of the relevant type is 
calculated to reflect movements in the relevant Index since the preceding Pricing Day. Where this is a positive 
number it represents an amount of Bullion owing from the FX Counterparty to the Issuer and where this is a 
negative number it will represent an amount owing from the Issuer to the FX Counterparty. Such amounts are 
settled monthly in Bullion or, in some circumstances, on a more frequent basis, subject to certain minimum 
thresholds and maximum daily transfer amounts as set out under the heading “Metal Adjustment Contracts — 
Delivery” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on a stock exchange, sell the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in off-exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “over-the counter” 
transactions) or keep the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). Each time Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are issued the Issuer will create corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts. 
Once the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are created, the Bullion will be held with all other Bullion 
attributable to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in the Secured Metal Accounts at the Custodian, in the 
name of the Security Trustee. 
Upon redemption of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities with an Authorised Participant the funds and assets 
flow as follows: 
– 
The Authorised Participant requesting the redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities must return 
those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities through CREST. 
– 
In return, the Authorised Participant will receive Bullion equivalent to the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are being redeemed through a transfer from the 
Secured Metal Accounts. The redemption process is described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
– 
The Issuer cancels corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts whenever Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities are redeemed. 
If Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities, they must generally sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading or in a private transaction. Such sale would typically be for 
cash rather than Bullion. Generally Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will only be issued to Authorised 
Participants and Authorised Participants only will be able to require redemption of them. In circumstances 
where there are no Authorised Participants or as the Issuer may in its sole discretion determine, Security 
Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require redemption of their securities directly with the Issuer. 
In this case, the Security Holder will be paid the proceeds of sale of the Metal Entitlement in US Dollars rather 
than in Bullion, unless the Security Holder has elected to the contrary and certain conditions are met. 
Applications and Redemptions 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can be issued or redeemed at any time, subject to conditions (including not 
exceeding the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits), by Authorised Participants. The issue and redemption 
mechanism is intended to ensure that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have sufficient liquidity and that the 
price at which they trade on the London Stock Exchange or other exchanges tracks the value of the relevant 
Bullion (before fees). Only an Authorised Participant may apply for or (unless there are at any given time no 
Authorised Participants or as otherwise announced by the Issuer) redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
— all other persons must buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities through trading on the London Stock 
Exchange or other relevant exchanges on which the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will only be issued upon receipt of a valid Application Form and after the 
relevant amount of Bullion has been transferred into the relevant Secured Unallocated Accounts. A Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities will only be redeemed upon receipt of a valid Redemption Form and the delivery of 
the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer on the Settlement Date, whereupon the relevant 
amount of Bullion will be transferred out of the relevant Secured Unallocated Account(s). 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can only be issued or redeemed if corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts can be created or cancelled. There are limits on the creation and cancellation of Metal Adjustment 
Contracts, which means that there are corresponding limits on the issue and redemption of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities. 
Further details in relation to Applications and Redemptions and Creation Limits and Redemption Limits are set 
out under the headings “Applications and Redemptions” and “Creation Limits and Redemption Limits” in Part 
4 (Description of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities”). 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the payment and delivery obligations of the 
Issuer to the parties identified in the Priority Waterfall set out in the Security Deed. A number of such parties 
rank ahead of Security Holders pursuant to the Priority Waterfall, including the relevant FX Counterparty and 
ManJer.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so 
that the Issuer can issue separate types of securities, based on different types of Bullion or combinations of 
types of Bullion and different currencies of denomination or having some other different characteristics. 
For so long as there is only one FX Counterparty, there will be one separate Pool, representing the assets and 
liabilities attributable to each class of Individual Security (and the Basket Securities to the extent they comprise 
such Individual Securities), for each class of Individual Securities, which secures all Individual Securities of a 
single class and all Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such Individual Securities, as well as liabilities 
of the Issuer to the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the FX Counterparty under the Metal Adjustment Contracts 
in respect of the relevant class and ManJer in respect of the Management Fee. Each class of Individual 
Securities will have recourse only to the assets attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable to 
any other class. Thus there are 16 separate Pools applicable to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are constituted by a Trust Instrument entered into between the Issuer 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders of each type. The Trustee 
holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and (inter alios) the Security Trustee have entered into a Security Deed. The rights and 
entitlements held by the Security Trustee under the Security Deed are held by the Security Trustee on trust 
for the Security Holders as well as itself, the Trustee, MSIP and ManJer. To the extent new FX Counterparties 
are appointed, the Issuer will enter into new Security Deeds in respect of such FX Counterparties. 
Further details of the security structure are set out under the heading “Security Structure and Separate Pools” 
in Part 4 (Description of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). Further details of the Trust Instrument are set 
out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) and further details of the Security Deed 
are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed). 
The Issuer and ManJer 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey for the purpose of issuing debt securities the price of 
which is related to Bullion or other types of precious metal and entering into the Documents and agreements 
relating to other types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating 
and it is not intended that any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be assigned credit ratings. 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by HoldCo, a company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding 
company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The Issuer 
is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Issuer is 
dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further described below 
under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”.  
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently also 
provides such services to WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited, Wisdom Tree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Foreign Exchange Limited and Wisdom Tree Issuer X Limited. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 Park 
Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the ultimate holding 
company of a group of companies which includes the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo. WisdomTree Investments, 
Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange-traded product sponsor and asset manager. It also 
licences its indices to third parties. 
Administration and Registrar Services 
ManJer will, pursuant to the Services Agreement, supply, or arrange the supply of, all management and 
administration services to the Issuer and will pay all the management and administration costs of the Issuer 
(including those of the Administrator (as defined below) and the Registrar). ManJer may engage third parties 
to provide some or all of these services. The Services Agreement may be terminated by ManJer at any time 
on three months’ notice or earlier in the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was incorporated on 
16 November 2010, its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW, 
Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar is 
to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. The Registrar 
is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) law 1991 on 2 September 1999. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
(the “Administrator”) whereby the Administrator will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer. The 
Administrator is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 
November 1988. 
Further certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating exchange-
traded product and exchange-traded fund companies and related service companies, in particular 
WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited and WisdomTree Issuer plc. 
Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee 
In return for ManJer supplying to the Issuer, or arranging the supply to the Issuer of, all management and 
administration services, the Issuer is liable under the Services Agreement to transfer to ManJer by way of a 
fee amounts of Bullion equal to the Management Fee as described in more detail under the headings 
“Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee — Management Fee” and “Metal Entitlement — Individual Securities 
— The Daily Adjustment” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). In addition a Daily 
Hedging Fee will be charged by the FX Counterparty and will be reflected in the adjustments to the Metal 
Entitlement each day as part of the calculation of the Daily Adjustment as described in more detail under the 
headings “Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee — Daily Hedging Fee” and “Metal Entitlement — Individual 
Securities — The Daily Adjustment” in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors, secretary and administrator of the Issuer at the date of this document are: 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
and Wisdom Tree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Bell has served as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and exchange traded 
product sponsor and asset manager. From September 2007 to January 2018, Mr Bell held a number positions 
at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of Corporate Communications and 
Investor Relations. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account executive at Sloane & Company from 
June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with university honors from Trinity College, 
Hartford, CT 
Christopher Foulds — Non-Executive Director 
Christopher J.M. Foulds is a director of HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and 
of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours degree in Mathematics with 
Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) with Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where 
he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and business advisory engagements 
focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his departure from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a 
director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up management and support services to the funds 
sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for 
Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed as the Compliance Officer of the Issuer and ManJer. He 
has also previously been a non-executive director of the Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited in March 2020, Mr Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) 
Limited, a business providing digital asset investment products. 
Steven Ross — Non-Executive Director 
Steven G. Ross is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Me Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
and Wisdom Tree Issuer X Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
in Accountancy before embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 
2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number of 
assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and commercial 
clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of Operations for 
Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration business and was 
responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and private investment funds. 
In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a partner of Rawlinson & Hunter 
Jersey in January 2017. 
Peter M. Ziemba — Non-Executive Director 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
and Wisdom Tree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has served as Executive Vice President 
— Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange-
traded fund and exchange-traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he served as Executive 
Vice President — Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, and Chief Legal Officer 
from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba served as General Counsel 
to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr Ziemba presently serves on the boards of a number of WisdomTree’s 
wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a partner in the Corporate and 
Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate counsel for WisdomTree 
Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr Ziemba received 
his B.A. in History with university honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin 
N. Cardozo School of Law. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with limited 
liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other business activities 
other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment schemes and is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter in Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited are: 
Louise Follain 
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Steven George Ross 
 
Secretary 
The secretary of the Issuer is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Stuart Bell, Hilary Jones, Craig Stewart and Peter 
M. Ziemba. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. The 
biographies of Mr Bell and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading “Directors, Secretary and Administrator 
of the Issuer” above. The biographies of the other directors of ManJer are as follows: 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey in 
1993. She joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in 1999 and was a director from 2009 to 2019. Between 
1993 and 1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities team and at 
Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones has over 30 years’ experience 
in the finance sector and has extensive experience of real estate, private equity and special purpose vehicles 
for corporate clients. Ms Jones acts as director for a number of companies with a private equity or real estate 
focus. Ms Jones was also a director of the Issuer until April 2020 and is a non executive director of Manjer.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Craig Stewart 
Mr Stewart has been a member of the board of directors of ManJer since July 2013. Mr Stewart graduated 
from Edinburgh University in 1987 with a degree in Politics and worked in commercial roles for two blue chip 
companies headquartered in London. In 1993, he joined Arthur Andersen’s Audit and Business Advisory 
practice in Jersey and qualified as a chartered accountant in 1997. He has specialised in the investment fund 
sector and been particularly involved with retail, institutional and private equity funds. In 1997, he was promoted 
to manager with sole responsibility for Andersen’s asset management clients in European offshore jurisdictions. 
He was also the manager on a significant number of consulting assignments, including controls reviews, 
operational reviews, due diligence projects, benchmarking studies and forensic investigations. In April 2000, 
he joined Rawlinson & Hunter’s fund administration division and he was a Director of R&H Fund Services 
(Jersey) Limited from 2001 to 2019. He was a partner of Rawlinson & Hunter, Jersey from 2003 to 2018 and 
stood down from partnership on 31 December 2018. Mr Stewart has worked in the fund management industry 
for 26 years and also served as a committee member of the Jersey Funds Association. Mr Stewart was also a 
director of the Issuer until June 2013. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are each also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the Issuer and 
Mr Bell, Mr Foulds, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Mr Ross is also a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the Issuer and the 
secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors 
do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors 
and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, 
and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange-traded commodities also owned 
by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset Management 
Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (an exchange-traded products 
issuer)) and WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange-traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the Issuer 
are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the Programme. 
Further Information 
Information regarding taxation in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey in respect of the Programme and 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is set out in Part 12 (Taxation). If an investor is in any doubt about the tax 
position, it should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this Prospectus which contains further information relating to the 
Programme and Currency-Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
PART 2  
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER CALCULATE THE VALUE 
OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Currency-Hedged Metal Security carries a right upon redemption of that security by the Issuer 
(“Redemption”) to receipt of the higher of the Principal Amount and the Metal Entitlement (MEi,t). The Principal 
Amounts of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are set out in paragraph 4 of Part 13 (Additional 
Information). The Metal Entitlement is the amount of Bullion which the Security Holder is entitled to upon 
redemption. The value of a Security Holder’s investment is therefore equivalent to the amount of Bullion that 
they would receive upon a Redemption – generally the applicable Metal Entitlement. In normal circumstances, 
only Authorised Participants are able to redeem their Currency- Hedged Metal Securities directly with the 
Issuer. 
A description of the formula used to calculate the Metal Entitlement and a description of each element of the 
formula are set out under ‘Calculation of the Metal Entitlement’ below. A worked example of how to calculate 
the Metal Entitlement is set out below under ‘Worked Example of the Calculation of the Metal Entitlement’. The 
formula and the method for calculating the Metal Entitlement is the same for all classes of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities. 
Calculation of the Metal Entitlement 
The Metal Entitlement for each class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on a particular day will be adjusted 
by applying the Daily Hedging Variation (described below) and the Daily Adjustment (described below) to the 
previous day’s Metal Entitlement in accordance with the following formula: 
MEi,t = MEi,t-1 x (DHVi,t - DAt) 
where: 
MEi,t 
is the Metal Entitlement for a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of the relevant class on the 
day on which the Metal Entitlement is calculated; 
MEi,t–1 
is the Metal Entitlement for a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of the relevant class on the 
previous day on which a Metal Entitlement was calculated; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated; 
t-1 
refers to the previous day on which a Metal Entitlement was calculated; 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the relevant 
class on the day on which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated; and 
DAt 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the 
relevant class on the day on which the Metal Entitlement is being calculated. 
 
The Daily Hedging Variation element of the formula 
The Daily Hedging Variation is a number calculated each day in accordance with the formula set out in 
Condition 5.3. It is a positive or negative adjustment expressed in metal terms on a particular day which 
represents the change in the level of the index which tracks the variation in the exchange rate between US 
Dollars and the currency of denomination of the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Security (the “Index”). 
So, if on one day the level of the Index were to decrease from 10,000 oz. to 9,900 oz. the Daily Hedging Variation 
would be:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
9,900
10,000 ൌ0.9900 
 
This fall in the Index would result from a fall in the exchange rate of the relevant currency against the US Dollar 
but there could also have been an increase in the level of the Index had there been an increase in the exchange 
rate of the relevant currency against the US Dollar. MS&Co will publish the level of each of the Indices on the 
MSPM Website. 
The Daily Adjustment element of the formula 
The Daily Adjustment is also calculated each day, using the formula set out in Condition 5.4. The effect of this 
formula is to determine the amounts in respect of fees attributable to a particular class of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities to be deducted on a particular day or for the period of days between the calculation and the 
last time the Metal Entitlement was calculated (for example, the calculation of the Daily Adjustment on a 
Monday would include amounts in respect of the fees which were applicable on Saturday and Sunday). 
It does this by adding together the management fee (payable by the Issuer to WisdomTree Management 
Jersey Limited and the hedging fee (payable by the Issuer to the FX Counterparty) for the relevant day(s). The 
management fee is converted into a daily rate by taking the management fee and dividing it by the number of 
days in the year. 
The hedging fee for the relevant days(s) is represented by the Daily Hedging Rate. This is an amount that will 
be published on the website of the Issuer each day and is calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5 based 
on: 
• 
the hedging fees charged by the existing FX Counterparties (at present there is only one FX 
Counterparty); and 
• 
the number of Metal Adjustment Contracts outstanding with each of the FX Counterparties. 
The Daily Adjustment is obtained by multiplying the sum of the daily management fee and the Daily Hedging 
Rate by the number of days since the last Metal Entitlement was calculated. 
So, if the management fee was 0.25 per cent. per annum, the Daily Hedging Rate was 0.00068 per cent., the 
Metal Entitlement was last calculated yesterday and there were 365 days in the calendar year in which the 
calculation was being carried out, then the Daily Adjustment for today would be: 
 
൬𝟎. 𝟐𝟓%
𝟑𝟔𝟓
൅𝟎. 𝟎𝟎𝟎𝟔𝟖%൰ൈ𝟏ൌ𝟎. 𝟎𝟎𝟏𝟑𝟕% 
 
Converting Metal Entitlement into a price 
Whilst Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement, it 
is also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in US Dollars was on 
a particular day. This is done by using the spot price for that type of Bullion on that day. 
The spot price and Metal Entitlement are then used in the following formula to convert the Metal Entitlement 
into a price: 
P(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
To calculate the price on a particular day (represented in the formula above by P(i,t)) the spot price (represented 
in the formula by S(i,t)) is multiplied by the Metal Entitlement that day to create a figure in US Dollars. For 
example, if the spot price of gold on that day was $1,200 and the Metal Entitlement was 0.01, then applying 
these figures to the calculation above would create a price of $12 as follows: 
12 = 1,200 x 0.01

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Worked Example of the Calculation of the Metal Entitlement 
In order to calculate the Metal Entitlement on a particular day (day t), if the Metal Entitlement of the 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged securities on the previous day (day t-1) was 1oz, and on the 
day the Metal Entitlement is being calculated (day t) the Daily Hedging Variation is 0.9900 and the Daily 
Adjustment is 0.0015 per cent., then the Metal Entitlement of a WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily 
Hedged security would be calculated using the formula as follows: 
 
MEi,t = MEi,t–1 X (DHVi,t – DAt ) 
MEi,t–1 = 1 
DHVi,t = 0.9900 
DAt = 0.000015 
So: 
MEi,t = MEi,t–1 X (DHVi,t – DAt ) 
MEi,t = 1 X (0.9900 – 0.000015) 
MEi,t = 1 X (0.989985) 
MEi,t = 0.989985 
The Metal Entitlement of a WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged security on day t is therefore 
0.989958 oz. 
The Metal Entitlement for each class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security in issue will be published on the 
Issuer’s website along with the Daily Hedging Rate to enable an investor to calculate the Metal Entitlement for 
a particular day. 
How the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is affected by the changes in the value of the 
underlying Bullion 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is 
affected under 3 different examples of normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the 
actual future performance of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The 
following assumptions have been made: 
An investor invests in the Currency-Hedged Metal Security for one day 
1 Currency-Hedged Metal Security is bought from a broker at a price of € 1,000 
The spot price of the physical gold on the day the security is bought is US$1,000 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities during 
the investment period 
The Metal Entitlement on the next day (being the day the security is sold) is 0.999985 
 
Scenario 1: Example of how the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is affected if the value of the Bullion 
increases 
On the next day (being the day the security is sold): 
The spot price of the physical gold increases to $1,100. 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Metal Security will be calculated as follows:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
Price(i,t) = 1100 x 0.999985 
Price(i,t) = € 1,099.98 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Metal Security and has gained 99.98 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
 
Scenario 2: Example of how the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is affected if the value of the Bullion 
decreases 
On the next day (being the day the security is sold): 
The spot price of the physical gold decreases to $900. 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Metal Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t)  
Price(i,t) = 900 x 0.999985  
Price(i,t) = € 899.99 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Metal Security and has lost € 100.01 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
 
Scenario 3: Example of how the price of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security is affected if the value of the Bullion 
remains the same 
On the next day (being the day the security is sold): 
The spot price of the physical gold remains the same. 
The Metal Entitlement is 0.999985. 
The price of the Currency-Hedged Metal Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
Price(i,t) = 1000 x 0.999985 
Price(i,t) = € 999.98 
The investor sells the Currency-Hedged Metal Security and has lost € 0.02 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
 
Interest 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
PART 3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRECIOUS METALS MARKETS AND THE 
INDICES 
The underlying of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are (i) physical precious metals: platinum, palladium, 
silver and gold; and (ii) the Metal Adjustment Contracts which provide exposure to movements in the relevant 
Index. A description of the physical precious metals and the markets in them as well as the Indices is set out 
below. A description of the Metal Adjustment Contracts can be found under the heading “Metal Adjustment 
Contracts” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts). 
Precious Metals Market Overview 
The Issuer believes that two factors set precious metals apart from other commodities: precious metals can be 
stored in a vault at low cost without deteriorating and, whether as coins, jewellery or Bullion, precious metals 
can be used as a store of value. While silver and gold have a history which is thousands of years old, platinum 
and palladium have a much shorter history. The primary source of these four precious metals is mining, but all 
can be recycled. Their main uses are industrial and jewellery applications. 
Platinum Group Metals 
Platinum and palladium are the two best known metals of the six platinum group metals (PGMs). Platinum and 
palladium have the greatest economic importance and are found in the largest quantities. The other four—
iridium, rhodium, ruthenium and osmium—are produced only as co-products of platinum and palladium. PGMs 
are found primarily in South Africa and Russia. South Africa is the world’s leading platinum producer and the 
second largest palladium producer. Russia is the largest producer of palladium and most production is 
concentrated in the Norilsk region. All of South Africa’s production is sourced from the Bushveld Igneous 
Complex, which hosts the world’s largest resource of PGMs. Together, South Africa and Russia accounted for 
on average 60 per cent. of total platinum and palladium mine supply at the end of 2018. 
Platinum 
The main supplier of platinum is South Africa, providing over 70 per cent. of total mine supply over the past 
five years. Russia is the second largest supplier of platinum providing around 12 per cent. of total mine supply 
over the past five years. Recovery of platinum from autocatalysts is the other main source of supply and it 
increases along with autocatalyst production. 
Over the past decade, jewellery demand for platinum has fallen steadily since 2013. Autocatalysts are the 
largest demand segment for platinum. 
 
World Platinum Supply and Demand 
 
('000 oz) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Mine Production 
6,358 
6,509 
5,863 
6,207 
5,031 
6,294 
6,190 
6,202 
6,175 
6,094 
Autocatalyst Scrap 
894 
923 
1,032 
1,149 
1,285 
1,114 
1,192 
1,367 
1,421 
1,630 
Electronic Scrap 
26 
30 
44 
46 
46 
48 
50 
55 
57 
58 
Jewellery Scrap 
584 
645 
608 
605 
604 
559 
589 
556 
502 
477 
Total Supply 
7,862 
8,107 
7,548 
8,007 
6,966 
8,015 
8,021 
8,180 
8,155 
8,260 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autocatalyst 
3,466 
3,108 
2,954 
2,880 
3,046 
3,226 
3,253 
3,205 
3,063 
2,894 
Jewellery 
2,332 
2,190 
2,355 
2,471 
2,444 
2,407 
2,280 
2,252 
2,189 
2,101 
Electronics 
224 
211 
204 
198 
201 
172 
163 
162 
158 
145 
Glass 
480 
419 
552 
85 
169 
339 
182 
332 
572 
259 
Chemical 
470 
492 
425 
484 
615 
515 
570 
557 
555 
698 
Petrochemical 
176 
155 
163 
111 
142 
153 
131 
206 
198 
219 
Other Industrial 
567 
595 
620 
619 
617 
614 
723 
793 
820 
826 
Retail investment 
101 
335 
257 
65 
123 
681 
605 
287 
384 
281 
Total Demand 
7,817 
7,505 
7,529 
6,913 
7,358 
8,108 
7,907 
7,795 
7,941 
7,423

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Physical Surplus/Deficit 
45 
603 
18 
1,094 
-392 
-93 
114 
385 
214 
837 
Source: Metals Focus 
 
Palladium 
Russia has traditionally been the largest producer of palladium, providing on average 40 per cent. of supply 
over the past 10 years. South Africa is the second largest producer which provides just under 40 per cent on 
average of total global mine supply. Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States are other key producers of 
palladium. 
Autocatalysts are the largest component of palladium demand, representing close to 80 per cent. of total 
demand in 2019. Jewellery accounted for around 2% of total palladium demand in 2019. A small amount of 
palladium demand also comes from dental and chemical applications. 
 
World Palladium Supply and Demand 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
('000 oz) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Mine Production 
6,425 
6,768 
6,472 
6,666 
6,538 
6,988 
6,699 
6,940 
6,932 
7,090 
Autocatalyst Scrap 
1,471 
1,573 
1,812 
2,004 
2,169 
2,009 
2,077 
2,282 
2,380 
2,735 
Electronic Scrap 
587 
591 
627 
558 
500 
471 
439 
421 
409 
404 
Jewellery Scrap 
220 
248 
269 
253 
186 
102 
67 
64 
50 
60 
Total Supply 
8,703 
9,180 
9,180 
9,480 
9,393 
9,571 
9,282 
9,708 
9,771 
10,289 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Autocatalyst 
5,802 
6,191 
6,782 
7,127 
7,376 
7,615 
8,188 
8,489 
8,590 
8,878 
Jewellery 
757 
688 
625 
527 
456 
374 
343 
337 
314 
272 
Electronics 
1,030 
1,061 
1,050 
1,052 
1,069 
1,039 
1,049 
944 
902 
837 
Dental 
638 
581 
534 
499 
484 
473 
458 
423 
384 
336 
Chemical 
362 
388 
400 
418 
375 
364 
392 
418 
453 
429 
Other Industrial 
96 
98 
100 
102 
104 
116 
134 
112 
120 
116 
Retail investment 
78 
57 
33 
37 
43 
15 
8 
-76 
-6 
9 
Total Demand 
8,761 
9,064 
9,523 
9,761 
9,906 
9,995 
10,57
4 
10,646 
10,75
7 
10,877 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Physical Surplus/Deficit 
-59 
116 
-343 
-281 
-513 
-424 
-1,292 
-938 
-985 
-588 
 
Source: Metals Focus 
Gold 
One factor which separates gold from other precious metals is that there are large above-ground stocks which 
can be quickly mobilised. As a result of gold’s liquidity, gold often acts more like a currency than a commodity. 
Over the past ten years, (new) mine production of gold has experienced a modest rise of an average of 2 per 
cent. per annum. Of the three sources of supply, mine production accounts for nearly 73 per cent. of total 
supply in 2019.  
On the demand side, jewellery is clearly the greatest source of demand followed by physical investment demand 
and central bank buying. 
 
Gold Supply and Demand 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Tonnes)  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
 SUPPLY  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mine Production  
   
2,804  
   
2,893  
   
2,976  
   
3,138  
   
3,242  
   
3,336  
   
3,459  
   
3,492  
   
3,554  
   
3,530  
 Recycling  
   
1,484  
   
1,617  
   
1,662  
   
1,229  
   
1,170  
   
1,103  
   
1,264  
   
1,140  
   
1,160  
   
1,296  
 Net 
Physical 
DisInvestment  
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
 Net Hedging Supply  
   
-   
   
32  
   
-   
   
-   
   
105  
   
13  
   
33  
   
-   
   
-   
   
-

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 Net Central Bank Selling  
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
 Total Supply  
   
4,288  
   
4,542  
   
4,638  
   
4,367  
   
4,517  
   
4,453  
   
4,756  
   
4,632  
   
4,714  
   
4,826  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 DEMAND  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jewellery Consumption  
   
2,202  
   
2,213  
   
2,237  
   
2,766  
   
2,533  
   
2,460  
   
2,104  
   
2,242  
   
2,248  
   
2,123  
 Industrial Demand  
   
413  
   
387  
   
365  
   
350  
   
348  
   
332  
   
323  
   
333  
   
335  
   
326  
 Net Physical Investment  
   
1,141  
   
1,401  
   
1,285  
   
1,719  
   
1,060  
   
1,072  
   
1,062  
   
1,035  
   
1,067  
   
848  
 Net Hedging Demand  
   
118  
   
-   
   
47  
   
25  
   
-   
   
-   
   
-   
   
24  
   
9  
   
1  
 Net Central Bank Buying  
   
104  
   
516  
   
582  
   
653  
   
601  
   
580  
   
395  
   
379  
   
657  
   
668  
 Total Demand  
   
3,979  
   
4,516  
   
4,516  
   
5,513  
   
4,543  
   
4,444  
   
3,884  
   
4,013  
   
4,316  
   
3,965  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Market Balance  
310  
27  
121  
-1,147  
-26  
9  
872  
619  
398  
862  
Source: Metals Focus 
Silver 
Like gold, silver has also been used as a currency in the past. However, the main differences between gold 
and silver is that 54 per cent. of gold is used for jewellery while 51 per cent. silver fabrication demand is 
industrial uses. 
New mine production accounts for approximately 82 per cent. of total silver supply. Recycled silver accounts 
for around 16 per cent. of total supply. Recycled silver has remained below 200 million ounces since 2013. 
Industrial applications account for the largest share of silver demand followed by jewellery and silverware 
Silver Supply and Demand 
 
(M oz)  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 SUPPLY  
 Mine Production  
       
754.6  
       
760.1  
       
792.7  
       
840.3  
       
877.5  
       
892.9  
       
892.5  
       
863.4  
       
847.4  
       
834.7  
       
774.4  
 Scrap  
       
206.1  
       
232.9  
       
216.0  
       
192.7  
       
175.2  
       
166.4  
       
164.5  
       
167.1  
       
167.4  
       
168.8  
       
170.3  
 Net 
Government 
Sales  
29.6  
4.8  
3.6  
1.7  
1.2  
1.1  
1.1  
1.0  
1.2  
1.0  
1.0  
 Net 
Producer 
Hedging  
         
43.4  
         
11.9  
              
-    
              
-    
         
10.7  
            
2.2  
              
-    
              
-    
              
-    
         
14.9  
         
10.0  
 Total Supply  
   
1,033.7  
   
1,009.7  
   
1,012.3  
   
1,034.7  
   
1,064.4  
   
1,062.5  
   
1,058.0  
   
1,031.5  
   
1,016.0  
   
1,019.4  
       
955.7  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 DEMAND  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Industrial  
   
480.8  
   
508.1  
   
450.5  
   
460.8  
   
449.6  
   
456.2  
   
490.3  
   
517.2  
   
511.5  
   
510.9  
   
471.6  
 Photography  
   
69.5  
   
61.6  
   
52.5  
   
45.8  
   
43.6  
   
41.2  
   
37.8  
   
35.1  
   
34.2  
   
33.0  
   
30.5  
 Jewellery 
& 
Silverware  
   
218.7  
   
203.7  
   
199.3  
   
232.8  
   
245.9  
   
259.2  
   
241.5  
   
254.0  
   
268.5  
   
261.1  
   
238.7  
 Net 
Physical 
Investment  
   
196.8  
   
272.0  
   
240.7  
   
300.0  
   
282.5  
   
310.3  
   
213.9  
   
156.2  
   
165.6  
   
186.1  
   
215.9  
 Net 
Producer 
De-Hedging  
   
-   
   
-   
   
40.4  
   
29.3  
   
-   
   
-   
   
12.0  
   
2.1  
   
7.7  
   
-   
   
-   
 Total Demand  
   
965.9  
   
1,045.4  
   
983.5  
   
1,068.8  
   
1,021.5  
   
1,066.9  
   
995.5  
   
964.6  
   
987.5  
   
991.1  
   
956.7  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Market Balance  
67.8  
-35.7  
28.8  
-34.1  
43.0  
-4.4  
62.5  
66.9  
28.5  
28.3  
-0.9  
Source: Metals Focus 
 
 
The Precious Metals Market

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Metals trading on the global market consists of transactions in spot contracts, forward contracts and options 
and other derivatives on the over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and 
options. The OTC market trades for the majority of a 24-hour day and accounts for most global metal trading. 
Market makers, as well as others in the OTC market, trade with each other and with their clients on a principal-
to-principal basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the transaction. The 
OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, size, destinations for delivery and 
other factors. Precious metal dealers customise transactions to meet clients’ requirements. The OTC market 
has no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting takes place. 
The main centres of the OTC market are London, Zurich, New York and Hong Kong. Central banks, producers 
and consumers of precious metals, together with investors and speculators, tend to transact their business 
through one of these market centres. Centres, such as Dubai, and several cities in the Far East also transact 
substantial OTC market business, typically involving jewellery and small bars (1 kilogram or less) and will 
hedge their exposure into one of the main centres. Precious metal dealers have offices around the world and 
most of the world’s major bullion dealers are either members or associate members of the LBMA and/or LPPM 
(see below). 
The most significant futures exchanges are the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile Exchange 
(NYMEX), the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT, a Chicago based E-Platform, now merged with the Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange) and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM). Trading on these exchanges is based 
on fixed delivery dates and transaction sizes for the futures and options contracts traded. Trading costs are 
negotiable. 
Liquidity in the OTC market can vary from time to time during the course of the 24-hour trading day. The period 
of greatest liquidity in the gold market is typically that time of the day when trading in the European time zones 
overlaps with trading in the United States, that is when OTC market trading in London, New York and other 
centres coincides with futures and options trading on the COMEX. This period lasts for approximately four 
hours each business day afternoon. 
The LPPM and LBMA 
Clearing in the physical precious metals market is primarily centred in Zurich and London for platinum and 
palladium and in London for silver and gold. There are two trade associations which act as the coordinator for 
activities conducted in these markets — the London Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) and the London 
Bullion Market Association (LBMA). The roles of both these associations include maintaining a “Good Delivery” 
list and ensuring that the physical bars meet the minimum standard of quality, coordinating market clearing 
and vaulting, promoting good trading practices and developing standard documentation. 
Good Delivery 
“Good Delivery” is the list of specifications to which a bar/ingot must adhere to be accepted for trading physical 
metal in the London precious metal markets. The standards required for platinum and palladium ingots to be 
included in the “London/Zurich Good Delivery List” are set out on the LPPM website. The standards required 
for gold and silver bars to be included in the “Good Delivery Lists” are set out in “The Good Delivery Rules for 
Gold and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA. A summary of these appear in the table below: 
 
Platinum 
Palladium 
Silver 
Gold 
Form 
Plate or ingot 
Plate or ingot 
bar 
bar 
Minimum fineness/purity 
99.95% 
99.95% 
99.9% 
99.5% 
Weight 
1kg to 6kg 
(32 to 192 oz) 
1kg to 6kg 
(32 to 192 oz) 
750oz 
to 
1,100oz 
350oz 
to 
430oz 
Measure 
troy oz 
troy oz 
troy oz 
fine troy oz 
The actual quantity of pure gold in a bar is expressed to three decimal places and is calculated by multiplying 
the gross weight (in ounces, to three decimal places) by the fineness (in per cent., to two decimal places). For 
example, a gold bar with a gross weight of 404.075 troy ounces and a fineness of 99.58 per cent. would be 
recorded as having a fine gold content of 402.377 fine troy ounces (there is no rounding up unless the fourth 
decimal is a nine). 
Even though a variety of smaller and exact weight bars are available in the market, the Issuer will only issue 
securities which are backed by Good Delivery bars.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit for platinum, palladium and silver is troy ounces (since the word “fine” is not used, the weight 
is irrespective of purity). For gold it is one fine troy ounce (“fine” meaning pure metal, i.e. the actual gold content 
based on 100 per cent. purity). The conversion factors between troy ounces and metric used by the Relevant 
Associations are: one troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes and one kilogramme equals 32.1507465 troy 
ounces. 
Storage 
Allocated Accounts 
An allocated account is an account held with a dealer in a customer’s name evidencing that uniquely 
identifiable bars of metal have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held in 
the vault of that dealer. The client has full title to this metal with the dealer holding it as custodian. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Most metal traded in the London market is traded and settled in unallocated form. Metal held in this form does 
not entitle the holder to specific bars of metal but gives the holder a right to require the delivery of certain 
amounts of metal. Subject to the terms of a client’s account agreement, a client may make exchanges between 
allocated and unallocated accounts (provided the client has a sufficient balance). 
Location 
Platinum and palladium traded in the Zurich/London market is generally on a loco London basis (meaning the 
metal is physically held in vaults in London) or on a loco Zurich basis (meaning the metal is physically held in 
vaults in Zurich) or is transferred into accounts established in London or Zurich. The basis for settlement and 
delivery of a loco Zurich/London spot trade is payment (generally in US Dollars) two business days after the 
trade date against delivery. Delivery of the metal can either be by physical delivery or through the clearing 
systems to an unallocated account. 
Trading of silver and gold in the London market is similar to that of platinum and palladium except that the 
metal is usually traded on a loco London basis only. Quotations are usually in US Dollars but can also be 
quoted in other convertible currencies. 
The Fixing Price 
The London market provides a metal pricing service whereby the fixing price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in each of the Relevant 
Markets place by telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. In 2014 and 2015, 
a number of changes were implemented to the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion to introduce new auction 
processes. 
Gold 
On 20 March 2015, IBA began administering the operation of an electronic, tradable and auditable, over-the-
counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US Dollars, Euros or Sterling for LBMA-authorised 
participating gold bullion banks or market makers. This auction establishes a reference gold price for that day’s 
trading. This auction is the gold valuation replacement selected by the LBMA for the “London Gold Fix” 
previously determined by the London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. that was discontinued on 19 March 2015. The 
new auction process, like the previous gold fixing process, establishes and publishes fixed prices for fine troy 
ounces of gold twice each London trading day during fixing sessions beginning at 10:30 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. 
Silver 
On 14 May 2014 the LBMA announced that the telephonic Silver fixing process conducted by the silver fixing 
members would cease to operate after on 14 August 2014. On 11 July 2014, the LBMA announced that a 
solution offered by CME and Thomson Reuters had been selected by its members as the replacement for the 
silver London AM Fix. Since 15 August 2014, CME conducts an “equilibrium auction” once daily during London 
trading hours among LBMA-authorised participating silver bullion banks or market makers that establishes a 
reference silver price for that day’s trading, often referred to as the “London Silver Price”. 
Platinum and Palladium

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
On 1 December 2014, LME began administering the operation of electronic platinum bullion price fixing systems 
that replicates electronically the manual London platinum and palladium fix processes previously employed by 
the London Platinum and Palladium Fixing Company Limited as well as providing electronic market clearing 
processes for platinum and palladium bullion transactions at the fixed prices established by the LME pricing 
mechanism. The LME’s electronic price fixing processes, like the previous London platinum and palladium fix 
processes, establishes and publishes fixed prices for troy ounces of platinum and palladium twice each London 
trading day during fixing sessions beginning at 9:45 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. 
 
 
Platinum 
Palladium 
Silver 
Gold 
Fixing times (approximate) 
09.45 
09.45 
12.00 
10.30 
 
14.00 
14.00 
 
15.00 
Vaulting and Clearing 
Certain members of the Relevant Association offer clearing services. They may use their own vaults for storage 
of physical metal and/or have the use of storage facilities under security with another company. The initial 
Custodian is a member of both Relevant Associations. The Issuer believes that presently the Custodian and its 
affiliated entities are one of the largest precious metal clearers in the market. The clearing members of both 
Relevant Associations use a daily clearing system whereby those members utilise the unallocated metal they 
maintain between each other for the settlement of all mutual trades and third party transfers. This system is 
designed to avoid the security risks and costs involved in the physical movement of the metals. 
Documentation 
The Relevant Associations have developed and introduced a number of standard agreements which cover the 
terms and conditions for operating allocated and unallocated accounts and for dealing in spot metal 
transactions. In all dealings in metal the Issuer, to the extent possible, will use the standard clearing 
documentation, amended as required by the Security Trustee and for consistency with the terms of the 
Programme. 
Historic Precious Metal Prices 
Each of the LPPM, LBMA and LME publishes on its website (http://www.lppm.org.uk/ http://www.lbma.org.uk/ 
and http://www.lme.com) historic Fixing Prices enabling users to calculate historic performance and volatility. 
Correlation of Precious Metals with Other Asset Classes 
Numerous academic and other research papers in recent years have examined the risk and return 
characteristics of a variety of commodities compared to other asset classes such as equities and bonds. A 
portfolio comprising securities of different asset classes will increase portfolio diversification and decrease 
portfolio risk (volatility) when the correlation between the asset classes is low or negative. While the precise 
results of the research vary, depending on choice of time period, data frequency, and indices selected, the 
results mostly suggest that commodities (including precious metals) have low to negative correlation to equities 
and bonds. 
For example, several papers by the World Gold Council and also Ibbotson Associates (“Portfolio Diversification 
with Gold, Silver and Platinum”) support these results. The table below also confirms that over the past five 
years, platinum, palladium, silver and gold had low to negative correlation with equities and bonds. 
Five Year Correlations 
Based on monthly returns period considered: September 2015 to September 2020. 
 
PM 
Basket 
Gold 
Silver 
Palladium 
Platinum 
Equity 
Bond 
PM 
Basket 
1.00 
0.81 
0.68 
0.72 
0.71 
0.17 
0.29 
Gold 
 
1.00 
0.72 
0.23 
0.63 
0.09 
0.50 
Silver 
 
0.72 
1.00 
0.29 
0.75 
0.40 
0.11 
Palladium 
 
0.23 
0.29 
1.00 
0.39 
0.14 
-0.04 
Platinum 
 
0.63 
0.75 
0.39 
1.00 
0.51 
-0.08 
Equity 
 
0.09 
0.40 
0.14 
0.51 
1.00 
-0.46 
Bond 
 
0.50 
0.11 
-0.04 
-0.08 
-0.46 
1.00

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Equity is S&P 500 Total Return Index and Bond is US Tracker 1-10 Year Bond Index. 
Source: Bloomberg. 
MSPM Indices 
The Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is calculated by reference to certain MSPM 
Indices calculated and published by MS&Co. These Indices provide benchmarks for long investments in a 
wide range of physical precious metals with a currency hedge overlay. 
The Indices are designed as tradable benchmarks for the daily performance of precious metals in various 
currencies. Each index consists of a position in a currency forward which is rolled daily using forward contracts. 
The profit and loss from the rolling of the forward contracts is translated into metal terms using a “spot price”. 
The methodology which MS&Co uses in order to calculate the “spot price” and the Indices is set out in the 
Handbook which, at the date of this Prospectus, is available at http://www.ms.com/mspm (the “MSPM 
Website”). 
The MSPM Indices currently consist of 16 tradable indices – four different precious metals each in four different 
currencies. The MSPM Website provides simulated historical values of each of the Indices on a daily basis 
beginning in 13 August 2002 using the calculation methodology set out in the Handbook by way of an Excel 
file enabling users to calculate historic performance and volatility. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the following Indices are available: 
 
Morgan Stanley GBP Daily Hedged Physical Gold; and 
 
Morgan Stanley EUR Daily Hedged Physical Gold. 
The Indices were first published in June 2012 using simulated historical data calculated back to 2002 (the 
“Initial Calculation Date”). On the Initial Calculation Date the level of each Index was set at 10,000 and has 
been and is to be increased or decreased each day pursuant to the calculation methodology set out in the 
Handbook. 
The Indices were created by and are calculated and disseminated on a real time basis by or for MS&Co using 
and objective and systematic methodology that uses generally available data sources that reflect actual quotes 
or trades by market participants. 
The MSPM Indices Committee currently comprises senior employees of the Index Sponsor and 
representatives from sales and trading, strats, legal and compliance teams and is responsible for overseeing 
the methodology and calculation of the Indices, monitoring the effectiveness of the Indices as a measure of 
the performance of the spot price of physical precious metals in the relevant currencies and determining the 
need for changes in the composition or methodology of any Index. The MSPM Indices Committee also reviews 
any significant market events and conditions that may affect the Indices and may recommend that MS&Co 
revises the methodology or makes changes to the Indices as it reasonably determines necessary in response 
to such events or conditions. All decisions with respect to the composition, calculation and operation of the 
Indices will be made by MS&Co after consultation with the MSPM Indices Committee. 
The Manual gives MS&Co as Index Sponsor a broad discretion to make modifications and adjustments to the 
MSPM Indices as tradeable benchmarks. Any modifications, adjustments or other changes implemented by 
MS&Co which are reflected in the Handbook and which affect the Indices will be notified to Security Holders 
through a RIS made as soon as reasonably practicable after the change is notified to the Issuer. 
MS&Co is expected to use commercially reasonable efforts to calculate and transmit for publication an official 
closing level for each Index at or at a reasonable time after 6.30 p.m. London time on any Index Business Day. 
Description of the operation of the currency hedge overlay 
The Indices are total return indices which reflect, in physical precious metal terms, the performance of an 
unfunded position in forward contracts which are rolled on a daily basis. 
The “Daily Currency Exposure” is equivalent to the daily price change from investing in one uncollateralised 
forward contract comprising the following two elements: 
 
the daily change in the rate of exchange of a Currency against the US Dollar

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
an interest rate differential reflecting the difference between (i) the interbank benchmark interest 
rate applicable to the currency which is being hedged against the US Dollar; and (ii) the inter- bank 
benchmark interest rate applicable to US Dollars. 
The extent to which the full value of either the rate of exchange between a Currency and the US Dollar or the 
interest rate differential is reflected in currency forward prices will depend on the liquidity and convertibility of 
the relevant Currency. 
Calculation of the Indices in physical precious metal terms 
The closing level of each Index is determined as a quantity in troy ounces of the applicable precious metal (or 
fine troy ounces in the case of gold). In order to determine the closing settlement level of the Index on each 
day the proceeds from the forward contracts are converted into quantities of physical precious metals. This 
conversion is done at a spot price for the relevant physical precious metal. 
Effect of the Currency Hedge provided by the Indices 
Generally, on a day when there is a positive correlation between the relevant foreign exchange rate (expressed 
in US Dollars) and the spot price of the relevant physical precious metal (i.e. they both move in the same 
direction) then the MSPM Index (in the relevant currency) will underperform the spot price of the relevant 
physical precious metal on such day. The hypothetical examples in Table 1 demonstrates the difference in 
performance between the MSPM Index and the corresponding spot price when both the spot price of the 
precious metal (in this case gold) and the foreign exchange rate (in this case the Euro to Dollar exchange rate) 
move in the same direction. The example also compares the performance of the MSPM Index with the return if 
a pure quanto hedging strategy were used: 
Table 1 
 
Scenario A: Both the foreign exchange rate and the gold spot price increase 
 
 
EUR/USD FX 
Rate 
Gold Spot 
Price 
ME 
(in oz) 
Morgan Stanley 
EUR 
Gold 
Index (1) 
Quanto Euro
hedged index
(2) 
 
1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
 
100.00 
Level at close Day T-1 1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
100.00 
100.00 
Level at close Day T 
1.2000 
1,100 
1.08264 
109.17 
110.00 
% change 
9.09% 
10.0% 
8.3% 
9.2% 
10.0% 
Scenario B: Both the foreign exchange rate and the gold spot price decrease 
 
EUR/USD 
FX
Rate 
Gold Spot Price ME (in oz) 
Morgan Stanley 
EUR 
Gold 
Index (1) 
Quanto Euro
Hedged index
(2) 
 
1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
100.00 
Level at close Day T-1 1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
100.00 
100.00 
Level at close Day T 
1.0000 
900 
0.89899 
89.00 
90.00 
% change 
-9.09% 
-10.0% 
-10.1% 
-11.0% 
-10.0% 
 
(1) assuming assumed that T-2 values were identical to T-1 and that S/N level was equal to zero 
(2) performance of the quanto strategy is equal to the performance of the gold spot price 
In each of the scenarios above the Index would have underperformed a quanto strategy which over that same 
period should generate a performance equal to that of the gold spot price (i.e. a 10 per cent. increase). 
Generally, on a day when there is a negative correlation between the relevant foreign exchange rate 
(expressed in US Dollars) and the physical precious metal spot price (i.e. they move in opposing directions) 
the MSPM Index (in the relevant currency) will outperform the corresponding physical precious metal spot price 
on such day. The hypothetical example in Table 2 demonstrates the difference in performance between the 
MSPM Index and the corresponding precious metal spot price (in this case the spot price of physical gold) and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
the foreign exchange rate (in this case the Euro to US Dollar foreign exchange rate) move in opposite directions. 
The example also compares the performance of the MSPM Index versus the return if a pure quanto hedging 
strategy were used. 
Table 2 
 
Scenario C: The foreign exchange rate decreases and the gold spot price increase 
 
EUR/USD 
FX
Rate 
Gold Spot Price ME(in oz) 
Morgan Stanley 
EUR 
Gold 
Index(1) 
Quanto Euro 
hedged index 
(2) 
 
1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
 
100.00 
Level at close Day T-1 
1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
100.00 
100.00 
Level at close Day T 
1.0000 
1,100 
0.91736 
111.00 
110.00 
% change 
-9.09% 
10.0% 
-8.3% 
11.0% 
10.0% 
Scenario D: The foreign exchange rate increases and the gold spot price decrease 
 
EUR/USD 
FX
Rate 
Gold Spot Price ME(in oz) 
Morgan Stanley 
EUR 
Gold 
Index(1) 
Quanto Euro 
hedged index 
(2) 
 
1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
 
100.00 
Level at close Day T-1 1.1000 
1,000 
1.00000 
100.00 
100.00 
Level at close Day T 
1.2000 
900 
1.10101 
90.83 
90.00 
% change 
9.09% 
-10.0% 
10.1% 
-9.2% 
-10.0% 
(1) 
assuming assumed that T-2 values were identical to T-1 and that S/N level was equal to zero 
(2) 
performance of the quanto strategy is equal to the performance of the gold spot price 
In both Scenarios C and D the MSPM Index would have out-performed a quanto strategy which over that same 
period should generate a performance equal to that of the gold spot price (i.e. a 10 per cent. increase or a 10 
per cent. decrease). 
Historical correlation coefficients 
Table 3 and Table 4 shows the historical correlations between the performance of each of the Euro and Pound 
Sterling foreign exchange rates (in each case expressed against the US Dollar) and the return of the US Dollar 
spot price of gold. 
 
 
 
 
Table 3. Correlation coefficient of daily returns 
  
  
Returns of the currency against USD vs Gold in USD 
 
  
  
  
EUR 
GBP 
October 10 - October 20 
0.315 
0.236 
October 15 - October 20 
0.392 
0.199 
October 17 - October 20 
0.398 
0.315

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
The tables above show that the correlation between the performance of the Euro and Pound Sterling against 
the US Dollar and the performance of the US Dollar gold spot price have generally been positive which implies 
that over the periods above Euro and Pound Sterling Currency-Hedged Indices would have been expected to 
underperform the corresponding US Dollar gold spot price on a particular day. 
Tables 5 and 6 below show (based on back-tested data) the performance of the Morgan Stanley Euro and 
Pound Sterling Gold Index against the gold spot price in each of US Dollars and Pounds Sterling between 
January 2010 and October 2020. The difference in performances between the unhedged strategy and the 
hedged one are in line with the expectations. In particular, as shown in Tables 3 and 4 Euro has experienced 
a higher correlation against gold than Pound Sterling has. As a result the Euro hedged strategy has more 
significantly underperformed the gold spot price in US Dollars. 
 
 ‐
 50.000
 100.000
 150.000
 200.000
 250.000
Jan‐10
Jan‐11
Jan‐12
Jan‐13
Jan‐14
Jan‐15
Jan‐16
Jan‐17
Jan‐18
Jan‐19
Jan‐20
Table 5. Historical Performances of hedged and unhedged 
strategies for EUR
MS gold EUR hedged index (in EUR)
Gold spot in USD
Gold spot in EUR

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
The Indices are the exclusive property of MS&Co. MS&Co and the MS&Co index names are service 
mark(s) of MS&Co or its Affiliates and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by the Issuer. 
THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES ARE NOT SPONSORED, ENDORSED, SOLD OR 
PROMOTED BY MS&Co, ANY AFFILIATE OF MS&Co OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX OTHER THAN ANY SALE BY ANY AFFILIATE OF 
MS&Co IN ITS ROLE AS AN AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT. THE INDICES ARE THE EXCLUSIVE 
PROPERTY OF MS&Co. MS&Co AND THE INDEX NAMES ARE SERVICE MARK(S) OF MS&Co OR ITS 
AFFILIATES AND HAVE BEEN LICENSED FOR USE FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES BY THE ISSUER. 
NEITHER MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, 
MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, TO THE OWNERS OF THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES OR ANY MEMBER OF 
THE PUBLIC REGARDING THE ADVISABILITY OF INVESTING IN FINANCIAL SECURITIES GENERALLY 
OR IN THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES PARTICULARLY OR THE ABILITY OF ANY INDEX 
TO TRACK CORRESPONDING CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE OR PRECIOUS METAL PERFORMANCE. 
MS&Co OR ITS AFFILIATES ARE THE LICENSORS OF CERTAIN TRADEMARKS, SERVICE MARKS AND 
TRADE NAMES AND OF THE INDICES WHICH ARE DETERMINED, COMPOSED AND CALCULATED BY 
MS&Co WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES OR THE ISSUER OR 
OWNER OF THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES. NEITHER MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX HAS 
ANY OBLIGATION TO TAKE THE NEEDS OF THE ISSUER OR SECURITY HOLDERS INTO 
CONSIDERATION IN DETERMINING, COMPOSING OR CALCULATING THE INDICES. NEITHER MS&Co, 
ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING 
ANY INDEX IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OR HAS PARTICIPATED IN THE DETERMINATION OF THE TIMING 
OF, PRICES AT, OR QUANTITIES OF THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED OR 
IN THE DETERMINATION OR CALCULATION OF THE EQUATION BY WHICH THE CURRENCY-HEDGED 
METAL SECURITIES MAY BE REDEEMED FOR CASH. NEITHER MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR 
ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, THE MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX HAS 
ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY TO THE SECURITY HOLDERS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR OFFERING OF THE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES. 
ALTHOUGH MS&Co SHALL OBTAIN INFORMATION FOR INCLUSION IN OR FOR USE IN THE 
CALCULATION OF THE INDICES FROM SOURCES WHICH MS&Co CONSIDERS RELIABLE, NEITHER 
MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO MAKING OR 
COMPILING ANY INDEX WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY AND/OR THE 
COMPLETENESS OF ANY INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER MS&Co, ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY 
INDEX MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF ANY INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER 
MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING 
OR COMPILING ANY INDEX SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR 
 ‐
 50.000
 100.000
 150.000
 200.000
 250.000
Jan‐10
Jan‐11
Jan‐12
Jan‐13
Jan‐14
Jan‐15
Jan‐16
Jan‐17
Jan‐18
Jan‐19
Table 6. Historical Performances of hedged and unhedged 
strategies for GBP
MS gold GBP hedged index (in GBP)
Gold spot in USD
Gold spot in GBP

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
INTERRUPTIONS OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. 
FURTHER, NEITHER MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OF ANY KIND, AND MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR 
RELATED TO MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY INDEX 
AND ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT 
SHALL MS&Co, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, 
MAKING OR COMPILING ANY INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) EVEN IF 
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
PART 4  
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The legally binding 
Conditions of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust Instrument, by which Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities are constituted, are available for inspection as set out in paragraph 7 of Part 13 (Additional 
Information) under the heading “Documents Available for Inspection”. 
A Currency-Hedged Metal Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which 
entitles a Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant or in certain other limited circumstances) to 
require the redemption of the Currency-Hedged Metal Security and on the Settlement Date receive an amount 
of Bullion equal to the Metal Entitlement on the Pricing Day on which the applicable Redemption Form is 
received or deemed received. A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the 
redemption of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security if on any given Business Day there is no Authorised 
Participant or in certain circumstances announced by the Issuer, in which case the Security Holder will be paid 
the proceeds of sale of the Metal Entitlement in US Dollars rather than in Bullion, unless the Security Holder 
has elected to the contrary and certain conditions are met. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities also aim to minimise the impact of exchange rate movements on an 
Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar or Pound Sterling investor’s return by hedging on a daily basis the 
equivalent US Dollar value of the Bullion against exchange rate movements between the US Dollar and the 
Australian Dollar, Euro, Singapore Dollar or Pound Sterling, respectively. The Metal Entitlement of each 
Individual Security will be adjusted on each Pricing Day by, inter alia, the Daily Hedging Variation, being an 
amount reflecting the daily movement in an index tracking the variation in the exchange rate between United 
States dollars and the Currency of denomination of the Individual Security. The Issuer’s obligations in respect 
of the Daily Hedging Variation of each type of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities will be supported by Metal 
Adjustment Contracts entered into with one or more FX Counterparties pursuant to one or more Metal 
Adjustment Agreements. The initial FX Counterparty is MSIP. 
The Daily Hedging Variation will be calculated on each Pricing Day and the quantity of Bullion held by the 
Issuer will be adjusted to reflect the Daily Hedging Variation by the operation of the Aggregate Delivery Amount 
under the terms of the Metal Adjustment Contracts. 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will (save in respect of unsettled Daily Delivery Amounts) be backed 
by physical Bullion in a vault (i.e. each Currency-Hedged Metal Security will be secured by “allocated” Bullion 
which complies with the “Good Delivery” standard set by the Relevant Association), other than amounts held 
on a temporary basis in unallocated form for settlement purposes as well as rights, in certain circumstances, 
under arrangements with FX Counterparties to provide a currency hedging overlay. 
Metal Entitlement 
Individual Securities 
There is a separate Metal Entitlement for each class of Gold Individual Securities which, as at 19 March 2013 
(being the day dealings in Gold Individual Securities first commenced on the London Stock Exchange), was 
fixed at 0.01 fine troy oz. 
As at 13 October 2020, the Metal Entitlement for the classes of Gold Individual Securities in issue was as 
follows: 
 
Metal Entitlement 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
0.007140583 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – GBP Daily Hedged 
0.007121501 
For the other classes of Gold Individual Securities and all other classes of Individual Securities in each Bullion 
Class there will be a separate Metal Entitlement which on the day dealings in the Individual Securities in each 
Bullion Class first commence on the London Stock Exchange will be as follows: 
 
Bullion Class of Security 
Initial Metal Entitlement 
Gold Individual Securities 
0.01 fine troy oz 
Palladium Individual Securities 
0.01 troy oz

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Platinum Individual Securities 
0.01 troy oz 
Silver Individual Securities 
0.10 troy oz 
The Metal Entitlement is adjusted on each Pricing Day by the Daily Hedging Variation (which adjusts for the 
currency hedging overlay) and reduced by the Daily Adjustment (which deducts the Management Fee and the 
Daily Hedging Fee). Whenever new securities are issued and existing securities redeemed, this will be done 
at the then prevailing Metal Entitlement, thereby ensuring that all Individual Securities of the same class have 
the same Metal Entitlement and are fully fungible. 
The Metal Entitlement is adjusted daily by the Daily Adjustment and the Daily Hedging Variation as follows: 
MEi,t = MEi,t – 1 x (DHVi,t – DAt) 
where: 
MEi,t 
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i for day t; 
MEi,t-1 
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i on the previous day t-1; 
 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
t-1 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to day t; 
 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Individual Securities of class i on day t 
calculated as described under the heading “Daily Hedging Variation” below and in 
accordance with the formula set out in Condition 5.3; and 
 
DAi,t 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Individual Securities of class i on day t 
calculated as described under the heading “Daily Adjustment” below and in 
accordance with the formula set out in Condition 5.4. 
 
The Metal Entitlement is calculated by the Issuer on each Pricing Day to nine decimal places with 
0.0000000005 troy ounces (or fine troy ounces in the case of gold) rounded upwards, and will be published on 
the Issuer’s Website. 
Daily Hedging Variation 
The Daily Hedging Variation is designed to provide the hedge in the exposure of the relevant Currency of a 
class of Individual Security against the US Dollar by reflecting the movement in the relevant Index on each 
Pricing Day. The Daily Hedging Variation is calculated on each Pricing Day by applying the formula set out in 
Condition 5.3. 
The Daily Hedging Variation will be calculated by the Issuer on each Pricing Day. The Daily Hedging Variation 
is settled between the Issuer and the FX Counterparty by the operation of the Daily Delivery Amount as 
described under the headings “Metal Adjustment Contracts — Daily Delivery Amount and Aggregate Delivery 
Amount” and “Metal Adjustment Contracts — Delivery” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts). 
The Daily Adjustment 
The Daily Adjustment reduces the Metal Entitlement each day to reflect the Management Fee and the Daily 
Hedging Fee and is calculated by the Issuer by applying the formula set out in Condition 5.4. 
The Daily Adjustment is an amount calculated by the Issuer on each Pricing Day to five decimal places with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Basket Securities 
The Issuer may create and make available for issue Basket Securities comprising any two or more of Gold 
Individual Securities of any class, Silver Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of 
any class and Palladium Individual Securities of any class, in any proportions, and denominated in a particular 
Currency.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
When available for issue, the Metal Entitlement of the Basket Securities will be the aggregate of the Metal 
Entitlements of the Individual Securities of which they are comprised. The initial Metal Entitlement for any 
category of Basket Securities and the Individual Securities of which they are comprised will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Publication of Metal Entitlement 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en- gb/products 
of the current Metal Entitlement, Management Fee and Hedging Fee for each type of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security in issue. 
Management Fee and Daily Hedging Fee 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee for each class of Individual Security is determined by applying the applicable rate to the 
aggregate Metal Entitlement of the relevant class. 
The rate of the Management Fee for each class of Individual Security in a Bullion Class is as follows: 
 
Bullion Class of Security 
 
Management Fee rate (basis points 
per annum) 
Gold Individual Securities 
25 
Palladium Individual Securities 
49 
Platinum Individual Securities 
49 
Silver Individual Securities 
49 
The Management Fee for Basket Securities will be the aggregate of the Management Fee for the Individual 
Securities of which they are comprised. 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Individual Security may be varied by the 
Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified through a RIS, 
and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of such 
notification. 
The Management Fee for each class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security is aggregated and payable in Bullion 
to ManJer on a monthly basis. 
Daily Hedging Variation and Hedging Rate 
The Daily Hedging Variation is calculated on each Pricing Day by applying the formula set out in Condition 5.3 
to the Hedging Rate. 
The Hedging Fee in respect of each class of Individual Securities is payable monthly in US Dollars to the FX 
Counterparty and is determined by applying the Daily Hedging Rate to the Metal Equivalent of a Metal 
Adjustment Contract of the relevant class. 
The Hedging Rate varies per class of Individual Security and for each class will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at 30 September 2019, the Hedging Rates for certain classes of Individual Securities are as 
follows: 
Class of Individual Security 
Hedging Rate (basis  
points per annum) 
 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged 
25 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – GBP Daily Hedged 
35 
The rate of the Hedging Rate in respect of any class or classes of Individual Securities may be varied by the 
Issuer from time to time. If the Hedging Rate is amended, such amendment will be notified through an RIS,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of the RIS 
announcement. 
Authorised Participants 
Only Authorised Participants can request the Issuer to create or redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
save where, as noted elsewhere in this document, on the date on which a Redemption Form is lodged there are 
no Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders will be permitted 
and the Security Holder submits a notice of redemption in the form prescribed for such circumstances by the 
Issuer. A person can only be an Authorised Participant if it is: (a) a securities house or other market professional 
approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); (b) an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an 
Overseas Person; and (c) not a UCITS Fund. An Authorised Participant must also have entered into: (a) an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations 
of the Authorised Participant in relation to applying for and redeeming Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and 
(b) a Direct Agreement with MSIP and/or another FX Counterparty (except in the case of a FX Counterparty or 
an Affiliate which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer). 
An Authorised Participant Agreement has been entered into with Morgan Stanley & Co. International, plc, Jane 
Street Financial Limited, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited, Optiver VOF and Flow Traders B.V. the terms of which 
are summarised in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
Under the Metal Adjustment Agreement, the FX Counterparty has the right to give notice (with immediate 
effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain circumstances, including if it 
deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant for credit, compliance, general 
business policy or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be 
no Authorised Participants. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times for the duration of the Programme 
there are at least two Authorised Participants. In the event that at any time there are no Authorised Participants, 
Security Holders will be permitted to redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities respectively held by them 
directly from the Issuer. 
Applications and Redemptions 
Business Days 
Platinum Individual Securities and Palladium Individual Securities (and any Basket Security comprised of, inter 
alia, Platinum Individual Securities or Palladium Individual Securities) are created and redeemed based on a 
day count (i.e. day T, T + 1 etc.) using days which are both London Business Days and New York Business 
Days, provided that, the London Business Days and the New York Business Days are days on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New York. 
Silver Individual Securities and Gold Individual Securities (and any Basket Security comprised only of Silver 
Individual Securities and Gold Individual Securities) are created and redeemed based on a day count using 
days which are London Business Days, provided that, the London Business Days are days on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New York. 
Application Processes 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be created at any time during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this document. There is no minimum number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that may be applied for but 
Applications and Redemptions are subject to the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits set out under the 
heading “Creation Limits and Redemption Limits” below. Only Authorised Participants may lodge an Application 
Form. 
Payment for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities must be made by the Authorised Participant depositing an 
amount of Bullion equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities applied 
for, calculated as at the Application Date (rounded up to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the 
case of gold), in the Subscription Unallocated Account by the earlier of (i) the clearing cut-off time set by the 
LPPM for platinum and palladium, currently 11.00 a.m.; and (ii) the clearing cut- off time set by the LBMA for 
silver and gold, currently 4.00 p.m. on the Settlement Date for Platinum Individual Securities and Palladium

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Individual Securities, and by 11.00 a.m. on the Settlement Date for Gold Individual Securities or Silver Individual 
Securities. 
The Settlement Date is the second Business Day after the Application Date (T+2). 
An application received by the Issuer by 11.00 a.m. London time (day T) on a Business Day with receipt of the 
Bullion in the applicable Subscription Unallocated Account within two Business Days (T+2) will generally 
enable the Applicant to receive the new Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in their CREST account within two 
Business Days (T+2). Deposits should be made as unallocated Bullion loco London. 
A Currency-Hedged Metal Security will only be issued when Bullion (deposited by the Authorised Participant 
into the applicable Subscription Unallocated Account in an amount equal to the required Metal Entitlement) is 
transferred to the applicable Secured Unallocated Account. Such newly issued Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities will be fungible with all existing Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the same type and will be 
backed by the same assets. 
Once in the relevant Secured Unallocated Account, the Custodian will then allocate all the Bullion by 
transferring such Bullion to the relevant Secured Allocated Account; allocation is generally expected to be 
completed the same day. 
Bullion held in the Subscription Unallocated Accounts in respect of valid Applications will not be subject to the 
security created by the Security Deed but will be held on trust for the Applicant pending the transfer of such 
Bullion to the Secured Metal Accounts. If the relevant Application is rejected or if the relevant Applicant has 
deposited excess Bullion, such Bullion (or the excess amount thereof as the case may be) will be held for the 
benefit of the Applicant and will be returned to such Applicant as soon as practicable at the risk of the Applicant. 
A Currency-Hedged Metal Security will be cancelled on redemption when an amount of Bullion equal to the 
value of the Metal Entitlement has been transferred from the Secured Metal Accounts to the Security Holder 
on the applicable Settlement Date. 
Redemption Processes 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may, at any time, by lodging a valid Redemption Form with 
the Issuer, require the redemption of all or part of its holding of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Payment 
for redemptions shall be made by the Custodian, on approval of the Security Trustee, by withdrawing Bullion 
from the applicable Secured Allocated Account in an amount equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed, calculated as at the Redemption Notice Date (rounded 
down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), and delivering the same to the 
corresponding Secured Unallocated Account before being transferred to the Authorised Participant’s account 
on the Settlement Date. 
A Security Holder must deposit the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed with the Issuer by not 
later than 8.00 a.m. on the Settlement Date and payment for redemption will only be made after the Registrar 
has confirmed to the Custodian receipt of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Redemption Forms lodged 
with the Issuer by 2.00 p.m. on a Business Day (day T) with the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities deposited 
by 8.00 a.m. two Business Days later (that is, by T+2) will generally enable an Authorised Participant to receive 
their Bullion the same day (T+2). Redemption Forms lodged after 2.00 p.m. (London time) on a Business 
Day will be treated as having been lodged on the next Business Day. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the redemption of any or all of its 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities if either on the date on which a Redemption Form is lodged there are no 
Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders who are not 
Authorised Participants will be permitted and in either case the Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption 
Form on that day and delivers the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either 
depositing them into an appropriate CREST account and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in 
CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise delivers such Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). Redemption Forms will not be treated as 
having been lodged until the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed have been so delivered to 
the Issuer. Payment for such redemptions will be in US Dollars rather than in Bullion. To give effect to such 
redemptions, the Security Trustee will request a Metal Sale Counterparty to purchase Bullion pursuant to a 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement in an amount equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed, calculated as at the Redemption Notice Date (rounded down to the 
nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold). The Bullion will be sold to the Metal Sale

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Counterparty at the price determined in the London AM Fix for the type of Bullion concerned on the first 
Business Day after the Redemption Form is lodged (or treated as lodged). Once the proceeds are received, 
they will be paid, generally through CREST, less any Redemption Fee, two Business Days following the date 
upon which the Redemption Form is lodged with the Issuer, that is, on a T+2 basis. If the Settlement Date 
would be a day which is not a “value date” in the Relevant Market, the Conditions provide for the Settlement 
Date to be postponed to the next day which is such a “value date”. In such circumstances the Management 
Fee (out of which ManJer pays all the Issuer’s expenses including the Custodians’ fees) will continue to accrue. 
None of the Security Trustee, the Trustee and the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the 
Custodians (or the Metal Sale Counterparties) to effect a payment of Bullion (or US Dollars) in accordance 
with the instructions of the Security Trustee and/or the Trustee and/or the Issuer. However, in the event of such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation 
to such Bullion (or US Dollars) in satisfaction of all claims of such Security holder in respect of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the 
Issuer or the Secured Property. 
Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, which are set out in Part 6 (Trust 
Instrument and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
The System 
The Issuer intends to implement a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for the lodging of the 
forms required by the Custodian Agreements, the Metal Adjustment Documentation, the Authorised Participant 
Agreements, the Conditions or any of them for the purpose of such Applications and Redemptions subject to 
the relevant parties agreeing any necessary amendments to those documents to accommodate such System. 
Once this system has become effective it is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions 
will be requested using this system. In the event of a failure in the System, Applications may be made and 
Redemptions may be requested using the forms and notices described under the headings “Applications and 
Redemptions — Application Processes” and “Applications and Redemptions — Redemption Processes” 
above. 
Creation Limits and Redemption Limits 
The number of Metal Adjustment Contracts which can be created or cancelled at any time under each Metal 
Adjustment Agreement (and therefore on the issue or redemption of corresponding Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities) is subject to the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits, which consist of Daily Creation Limits, 
Daily Cancellation Limits and Volume Limits and will apply to all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a type 
which is denominated in a particular Currency. Unless otherwise agreed by a FX Counterparty, Metal 
Adjustment Contracts of a particular class may not be created or cancelled under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Agreement on a day to the extent that the aggregate of all Metal Adjustment Contracts relating to 
that Currency which are created or cancelled under that Metal Adjustment Agreement on that day would 
exceed the specified limits for such Currency, or to the extent the Volume Limits would be exceeded. 
The Issuer will reject Application Forms or Redemption Forms to the extent that the acceptance of such would 
cause the Creation Limit or Redemption Limit to be exceeded, unless a FX Counterparty agrees with the Issuer 
that corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts will be created or terminated notwithstanding that the Creation 
Limit or Redemption Limit or Volume Limit would be exceeded. For the purposes of the Creation Limits and 
Redemption Limits, Application and Redemption Forms are dealt with in strict time priority by reference to the 
date and time of their receipt. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Creation Limits, Redemption Limits and Volume Limits which apply to 
each Currency Class are as follows: 
Currency of denomination 
Volume Limit 
 
Daily Creation Limit and  
 
Daily Cancellation Limit 
Australian Dollars 
US$2,000,000,000 
US$100,000,000 
Euro 
US$2,000,000,000 
US$100,000,000

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Currency of denomination 
Volume Limit 
 
Daily Creation Limit and  
 
Daily Cancellation Limit 
Singapore Dollars 
US$50,000,000 
US$20,000,000 
Sterling 
US$2,000,000,000 
US$100,000,000 
The Creation Limits, Redemption Limits and Volume Limits may be amended by written agreement of the 
Issuer and the relevant FX Counterparty. If they are amended, the Issuer will make an announcement by 
RIS. 
Daily Class Delivery Minimum and Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount 
As described under the heading “Metal Adjustment Contracts — Delivery” in Part 9 (Description of the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation and Metal Adjustment Contracts), circumstances may arise where, as a result of the 
operation of the Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount and/or the Daily Class Delivery Minimum, the FX 
Counterparty has at any particular time unsettled delivery obligations to the Issuer in respect of a particular type 
of Bullion. If at such time Redemption requests are made and in the event of either or both of the following 
applying: 
(i) 
a high level of Redemption requests in respect of any class of Individual Securities (and Basket 
Securities comprised (inter alia) of Individual Securities of that class) as a proportion of the relevant 
class as a whole; or 
(ii) the amount of Bullion in respect of which the FX Counterparty has unsettled delivery obligations to the 
Issuer, as a result of the operation of the Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount and/or the Daily Class 
Delivery Minimum or otherwise, representing a significant proportion of the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
of the Individual Securities of that class, 
the Issuer may be unable to satisfy all valid Redemption Forms in respect of the relevant type of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, in which case under the Conditions the Issuer may satisfy valid Redemption Forms 
(in the order of delivery to the Issuer) to the extent it is able to do so and defer settlement of the others until it is 
able to satisfy them. 
Compulsory Redemptions 
There are circumstances in which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities can be compulsorily redeemed by the 
Issuer, either in whole or in part, as set out fully in the Conditions and subject to the Redemption Limits set out 
above. 
The Issuer may, at any time, at its discretion, upon not less than (i) 30 days’ notice or (ii) one day’s notice in the 
event that Metal Adjustment Documentation is terminated or a Compulsory Cancellation Date is nominated in 
respect of one or more Metal Adjustment Contracts, in either case by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, 
redeem all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, or all or some only of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities of any one or more type. Where the Issuer elects to nominate a Compulsory Redemption Date 
in accordance with (ii) above, if the notice given is greater than seven days, such notice may be withdrawn until 
the date not later than seven days prior to the nominated Compulsory Redemption Date provided there remains 
in effect at least one Metal Adjustment Agreement pursuant to which corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
may subsequently be created. If a FX Counterparty Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred 
and is occurring, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed by the requisite number of 
Security Holders in accordance with Condition 7.2, upon not less than two Business Days’ notice to the Issuer 
and by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, require the Issuer to redeem, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or, in the context of a FX Counterparty Event of Default, 
those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that are attributable to the Pools, PMA Sub-Pool or PMA Sub-Pools 
which include rights against that particular FX Counterparty, whereupon the Issuer will exercise its rights to 
redeem such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Subject to certain conditions, Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may also be automatically redeemed by the 
Issuer if a FX Counterparty elects to enforce the Security if a FX Counterparty Enforcement Event in relation to 
such FX Counterparty has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
The Conditions provide that upon Redemption of an Individual Security, a Security Holder will receive an amount 
equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Individual Security but may, in certain circumstances, elect to receive on 
redemption in lieu an amount in cash in US Dollars equal to the product of the Principal Amount and the Foreign 
Exchange Rate in respect of the Index to which the relevant class relates on the relevant Pricing Day, provided 
that, such Security Holder has delivered the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities to be redeemed to the Issuer 
by either depositing them into an appropriate CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct 
delivery free of payment instructions in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or 
otherwise delivering such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). 
As each type of Currency-Hedged Metal Security is a limited recourse security as described in Condition 3, it is 
in the interests of the Security Holders of each type to ensure that the value of the Metal Entitlement for each 
relevant class of Individual Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the 
value of a class of Individual Security falling below its Principal Amount by the following measures: (i) the Issuer 
may where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal 
Amount of a class of Individual Security to a level less than the value of the Metal Entitlement; and/or (ii) if on 
any Pricing Day the value of the Metal Entitlement of any class of Individual Security falls to 2.5 times the 
Principal Amount of such Individual Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the value of the 
Metal Entitlement remains below such amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two 
days’ notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the Individual Securities of that class. The right pursuant to 
(ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount such that the 
value of the Metal Entitlement is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount, subject to any further fall in the value 
of the Metal Entitlement of any class of Individual Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
If the value of the Metal Entitlement of a class of Individual Security falls below its Principal Amount, the Issuer 
may suspend Redemptions of that class of Currency-Hedged Metal Security and may terminate any such 
suspension (giving notice in each case via RIS announcement) for a period of 30 days, and thereafter provided 
that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date 
of the notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing 
the Principal Amount to a level less than the value of the Metal Entitlement, the suspension to expire when the 
meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes 
alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution. Any suspension will not affect any 
Redemption the Pricing Day for which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form 
lodged on a Business Day when the right to Redeem Individual Securities of that class is suspended will be 
invalid. 
Under each set of Metal Adjustment Documentation, each FX Counterparty has the right to terminate some or 
all of the Metal Adjustment Contracts of a particular class if as a consequence of a Hedging Disruption/Change 
in Law it is unable to maintain the hedging positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its 
obligations in connection with the Metal Adjustment Documentation or Metal Adjustment Contracts of one or 
more classes. In such a case, or in the event that all or some of the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
are terminated under the terms of the Disruption Fallback attributable to a Disruption Event or an Early 
Termination Date has been set in relation to such corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract(s), the Issuer has 
and will exercise the right by RIS announcement to nominate a Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption 
Date for all or some of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that class corresponding to such Metal 
Adjustment Contracts. Where less than all of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a particular class are to 
be redeemed, the redemptions will apply to all Security Holders holding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
that class, pro rata to their holdings. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 days’ written notice, redeem any Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors, held by Security 
Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance with the conditions or 
in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
MSIP may terminate the Metal Adjustment Documentation in respect of all Metal Adjustment Contracts 
thereunder at any time by not less than six months’ notice. If the Metal Adjustment Documentation is terminated 
in accordance with its terms, then the Metal Adjustment Contracts with it will expire and unless they are replaced 
by Metal Adjustment Contracts with another FX Counterparty the Issuer will elect to redeem some or all of the 
outstanding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Where a compulsory redemption occurs, the Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be 
redeemed will be calculated and settled in the normal way as set out under the headings “Metal Entitlement” 
and “Applications and Redemptions — Redemption Processes” above.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on the issue and redemption of Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities and not by investors who buy and sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on the secondary 
market, including the London Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants an Application Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) (or 
such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) for each 
Application, regardless of the number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being issued or the currency of 
denomination of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
The Issuer will also charge Authorised Participants a Redemption Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) (or 
such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) for each 
Redemption Form, regardless of the number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed or the 
currency of denomination of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. In the event of a compulsory redemption 
or a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant submitting a Redemption Form in circumstances where 
there is no Authorised Participant, as described above, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount 
equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such Redemption Form, including costs of enquiries under Condition 11 
(Enquiries as to status of Security Holders) and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and 
that amount will be charged by the Issuer by way of a deduction from the redemption proceeds due to such 
Security Holder. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of VAT 
payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written notice to 
Authorised Participants and through a RIS. 
Right to Satisfy Applications and Redemptions by Transfer 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect to satisfy Application Forms and 
Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to one or more 
Applicants from the Security Holder(s) seeking redemption. For this purpose, a Security Holder seeking 
redemption will be deemed to have authorised the Issuer to transfer such Security Holder’s Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities as are the subject of the Redemption Form to a third party, on such Security Holder’s behalf, 
provided that the amount payable by the Authorised Participant shall still be an amount equal to the aggregate 
Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities applied for, calculated as at the Application Date 
(plus the Application Fee) and the amount receivable by the Security Holder shall still be an amount equal to the 
aggregate Metal Entitlement of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as at the Redemption Notice Date (less 
the Redemption Fee) and the relevant Settlement Date will be the date of the transfer. 
Consolidation and Division of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might wish to effect a consolidation or division of a particular type of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security. 
For example, if a class of Individual Security benefited from Metal Adjustment Contracts from two or more 
different FX Counterparties and one of them (the “Lower Credit”) had, for example, a significant credit rating 
downgrade, it may be necessary or desirable, in order to ensure that the value of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities reflects the value of the Bullion attributable thereto and the relevant Metal Adjustment Contracts, for 
the Metal Adjustment Contracts from the Lower Credit to be excluded from that class. If in respect of any class 
of Individual Securities there were more than one FX Counterparty, then, from and including the date of the first 
Metal Adjustment Contract in respect of such class, in respect of such class there would be a separate PMA 
Sub-Pool in respect of each FX Counterparty. The exclusion of the Lower Credit could therefore be effected by 
transferring the assets of the PMA Sub-Pool to which the Lower Credit was applicable into a new Pool and the 
Issuer creating and issuing new Currency-Hedged Metal Securities secured by that new Pool on a one-for-one 
basis with the Metal Entitlement for both classes being adjusted accordingly. Investors of the affected class 
would then hold two Individual Securities for each one they held previously and the Metal Entitlement would be 
split between the two. For example, if the PMA Sub-Pool to which the Lower Credit was applicable comprised 
30 per cent. of the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the affected class, then the Metal Entitlement of the existing 
class following the division would be 70 per cent. of the Metal Entitlement prior to the division and the Metal 
Entitlement for the new class would be 30 per cent.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
The Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to effect either a consolidation or division of all of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any type into Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the same type but 
with a proportionately larger or smaller Metal Entitlement and Principal Amount and to transfer the assets of any 
PMA Sub-Pool into a new Pool representing a new class of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities, and need not 
obtain Listing for any new types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Security Structure and Separate Pools 
Separate Pools 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so 
that the Issuer can issue separate types of securities, based on different types of Bullion or combinations of 
types of Bullion and different currencies of denomination or having some other different characteristics. 
If there is only one FX Counterparty, there will be one separate Pool, representing the assets and liabilities 
attributable to each class of Individual Security (and the Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such 
Individual Securities), for each class of Individual Securities, which secures all Individual Securities of a single 
class and all Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such Individual Securities, as well as liabilities of the 
Issuer to, inter alios, the FX Counterparty under the Metal Adjustment Contracts in respect of the relevant class. 
If in respect of any class of Individual Securities an additional FX Counterparty is appointed then an additional 
PMA Sub-Pool will be created within the relevant Pool attributable to such additional FX Counterparty. Bullion 
and Metal Adjustment Contracts will thereafter be allocated to the relevant PMA Sub-Pools in such manner as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the FX Counterparties. 
Each class of Individual Securities will have recourse only to the Pool (comprising, where there is more than one 
FX Counterparty in respect of the class, each PMA Sub-Pool relating to such class) attributable to that class 
and not to the assets attributable to any other class. A single Pool secures all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
of a single class. 
On the issue of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the Bullion representing the Metal Entitlement thereof, 
and the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts, will be allocated to the Pool in respect of such class of 
Individual Securities or (in the case of an issue of Basket Securities) the Pools in respect of the classes of 
Individual Securities of which the Basket Securities are comprised. On a Redemption of such Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities, the Bullion required to settle the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations will be transferred from the 
Secured Metal Accounts attributable to that Pool and the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts will be 
cancelled. 
 
If in respect of any class of Individual Securities there is more than one FX Counterparty, Applications for and 
requests for Redemptions of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be allocated to one FX Counterparty or 
another and on an Application therefor the Bullion representing the Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities applied for, and the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts, will be allocated to the PMA 
Sub-Pool in respect of such class of Individual Securities and such FX Counterparty or (in the case of an 
Application for Basket Securities) the PMA Sub-Pools in respect of the classes of Individual Securities of which 
the Basket Securities are comprised and that FX Counterparty. 
On a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in respect of which there is more than one FX 
Counterparty, the Bullion required to settle the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations, and the Metal Adjustment 
Contracts to be cancelled will likewise be taken from the PMA Sub-Pool(s) applicable to the FX Counterparty to 
which the Redemption has been allocated. 
Security 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument. The Trustee holds all rights and 
entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and, inter alios, the Security Trustee have entered into a single Security Deed in respect 
of all the Pools but, to the extent further FX Counterparties are appointed, will enter into an additional Security 
Deed in respect of each FX Counterparty. The rights and entitlements held by the Security Trustee under the 
Security Deed in respect of any particular Pool or PMA Sub-Pool are held by the Security Trustee on trust for, 
inter alios, the Security Holders of that particular class of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities, the FX

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Counterparty (or, in the case of a PMA Sub-Pool, the applicable FX Counterparty) and ManJer, which will rank 
ahead of the Security Holders, as described below. 
Under the terms of the Security Deed, the Issuer has in respect of each Pool (or if there is in respect of any Pool 
more than one FX Counterparty, each PMA Sub-Pool) granted to the Security Trustee a fixed charge or legal 
mortgage over all Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts and assigned to the Security Trustee by way of 
security its contractual rights under the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements, the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation and the Metal Adjustment Contracts, in each case insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool (or 
the relevant PMA Sub-Pool, as the case may be) to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Security 
Trustee, the Security Holders and the FX Counterparty and ManJer. 
Individual Securities of any class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that 
class) will have recourse only to the Secured Property of the Pool(s) attributable to that class and not to the 
Secured Property of any Pool attributable to any other class. The principal assets to be included in each Pool 
are Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to that class and the Metal Adjustment Contracts to 
the extent attributable to that class. 
If the amounts received from the relevant Secured Property are insufficient to make payment of all amounts due 
in respect of the relevant Pool (including all amounts ranking prior to those due to Security Holders under the 
Trust Instrument and the Security Deed, which includes the claims of the FX Counterparty in respect of the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation and the claims of ManJer), no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet 
that shortfall and all further claims of the holders in respect of such class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
will be extinguished. 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument, it is agreed that the Security Holders, or the Security Trustee on their 
behalf, will not, in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, institute against, or join any person in instituting 
against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, re-
organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law 
(except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Deed) in relation to the 
Issuer for two years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever 
described) ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within 
such period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day after 
the date on which all amounts payable for all outstanding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued by the Issuer 
are repaid, nor shall they have any claim in respect of any sum arising or other obligation in respect of the Secured 
Property for any other Pool or PMA Sub-Pool or any other assets of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer may issue other types of securities but any such securities will have recourse only to the Secured 
Property of the Pool(s) attributable to such new type and not to the assets attributable to any other type. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities). Further details of the Security Deed are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed).

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
PART 5 
THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Programme 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised 
Participants. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
(except that a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may request redemption of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities which it holds in the event that on any given Business Day there are no Authorised 
Participants or as may be announced by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with the Conditions and 
such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on such day). 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form, or in Uncertificated Form in 
the CREST System. See “CREST” below. 
Passporting 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authority in Austria, the Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Denmark, the 
Finanstilsynet (Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Finland, the Finanssivalvonta 
(Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in France, the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Germany, the Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Italy, 
the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian CONSOB), the competent authority in the 
Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority 
Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the Luxembourg Financial Sector 
Supervisory Commission), the competent authority in Norway, the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Spain, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores 
(Securities Market Commission) and the competent authority in Sweden, the Finansinspektionen (Financial 
Supervisory Authority), with certificates of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA member states with 
such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such EEA member states or for admission 
to trading of all or any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
Listing 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is 
no trading facility for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities there. 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued within 12 months 
of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange, for 
certain classes of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange. Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange will not be offers made under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities specified in paragraph 6(f) of Part 13 (Additional Information) have 
been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 21 March 2013. 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities specified in paragraph 6(f) of Part 13 (Additional Information) have 
been admitted to listing on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana since 17 May 2013. 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected Ireland as its 
Home Member State for the purposes of the Transparency Directive.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply for 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with the instructions 
thereon and send it to the Issuer. 
As described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities), the Issuer intends to implement the System for enabling Authorised 
Participants to make Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for 
the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Custodian Agreements, the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation, the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such 
Applications and Redemptions. One this system becomes effective, it is expected that all Applications will be 
made and all Redemptions will be requested using this system. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in Certificated Form, certificates 
in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be dispatched within ten Business Days of the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant CREST account will be credited on the day on 
which the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are issued against payment. The Issuer considers it preferable 
that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any other provision in 
this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in Certificated 
Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure or 
breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities and/or systems operated by the 
Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised if the correct details (such as participant 
ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on the Application Form. No temporary 
documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security certificates, transfers will be certified against 
the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, the 
Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for 
any information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(d) it is not a UCITS Fund; 
(e) it understands that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer alone; and 
(f) it understands that the obligations of the Issuer under Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are not 
guaranteed by the Trustee, the Security Trustee, ManJer or any affiliate of the Issuer, JPMorgan 
Chase or any of its affiliates, MSIP or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group or any other 
FX Counterparty or Custodian. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
Subscription for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
All Bullion being used to apply for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities must be deposited into the applicable 
Subscription Unallocated Account(s). 
Bullion held in a Subscription Unallocated Account in respect of a valid Application will not be subject to the 
security created by the Security Deeds but will be held on trust for the Applicant pending the transfer of such 
Bullion to the corresponding Secured Metal Accounts. If the relevant Application is rejected or if the relevant 
Applicant has deposited excess Bullion, such Bullion (or the excess amount thereof as the case may be) will 
be held for the benefit of the Applicant and will be returned to such Applicant as soon as practicable at the risk 
of the Applicant. To the extent that an Applicant deposits Bullion into the applicable  
Subscription Unallocated Account in excess of the amount required for the number of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities applied for, such excess Bullion shall be returned to the relevant Applicant as soon as practicable.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in respect of which the deposit has been made will not be issued until 
the Custodian has confirmed to the Issuer that it has completed the transfer to the relevant Secured 
Unallocated Account. 
Settlement 
CREST 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are participating securities 
in, CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt 
securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such securities electronically 
with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will take 
place within the CREST system. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, 
Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (“Clearstream”) will issue, for each series and the relevant number 
of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, a Global Bearer Certificate (each a “Global Bearer Certificate”) in the 
German language created under German law (“Collective Safe Custody”). Global Bearer Certificates have 
been issued in respect of the following type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The Global Bearer 
Certificates have the following German ISIN Code: 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
ISIN Code 
WisdomTree Gold – EUR Daily Hedged (formerly 
known as ETFS EUR Daily Hedged Gold) 
 
DE000A1RX996 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set out in Part 
11 (Global Bearer Certificates) and the definitive German language text is annexed hereto in Annexes 1 and 
2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be 
registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England (the “Nominee”) in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders and credited to a separate safe custody account of Clearstream with Citibank 
N.A., London, England (the “Custodian”). The safe custody accounts assigned to the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities (the “Safe Custody Account”) will be designated “Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft 
(Clearstream) — Special Safe Custody Account for WisdomTree Currency- Hedged Metal Securities Global 
Bearer Certificate” followed by the name and type of Currency-Hedged Metal Security concerned. 
In accordance with the conditions governing each Global Bearer Certificate: 
 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him, in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders of the number and type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
corresponding to his co-ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate of 
the same type; and 
 
any registered holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any relevant class will be entitled, 
at his expense, to have his Currency-Hedged Metal Securities delivered to the Custodian for 
crediting to the Safe Custody Account against a corresponding co-ownership share in the Global 
Bearer Certificate of the relevant type. 
 
Whenever the number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities represented by the Global Bearer Certificate of 
any type changes (as a result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, withdrawals from the

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Safe Custody Account or issues or redemptions of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities), Clearstream will 
amend the relevant Global Bearer Certificate accordingly. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as fractional 
rights and entitlements are concerned. 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream to the 
respective co-owners. Any subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream at the disposal of HSBC 
Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG (the “Bank”) of Königsallee 21/23, 40212 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Upon the request of the Bank, Clearstream will give instructions to the Custodian for the exercise, purchase or 
sale of such subscription rights, other rights or fractional rights. In case of any flow of cash amounts resulting 
out of such transactions, Clearstream will without delay inform the Bank by fax of the net proceeds or the net 
costs, respectively, and the related value date. The net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, must be credited 
or debited to the Bank’s cash account with Clearstream or as otherwise agreed between Clearstream and the 
Bank. 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking Act and licensed as the German Central 
Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional depository that holds 
securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among them 
through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
movement of the securities. Clearstream also provides other services to its customers, including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities remain outstanding, 
copies of this Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the summary thereto 
and all financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, and a copy of the documents 
referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank. 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus Market of the Borsa Italiana 
All Currency-Hedged Metal Securities traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the Register in the 
name of Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
For those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (“Italian sub-register”). All 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible for settlement through the 
normal Monte Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Marketmakers and other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted to transfer securities between 
the Register and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to other markets to which the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be admitted to trading, and thereby be able to move securities between 
the London Stock Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held through 
Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the single security holder of such Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look to Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
to receive any and all entitlements under such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Registers

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
UCITS and CIS 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has been advised that: 
(a) 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities do not constitute units in a collective investment scheme; 
and 
(b) 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities and do not 
give rise to an investment in precious metals or constitute certificates representing precious metals 
and are therefore capable of being eligible investments for a UCITS Scheme. 
Prospective investing UCITS Schemes would need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with their investment objectives and 
comply with the relevant parts of the FCA Handbook. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the Authorised 
Participants for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be required. The anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time to 
time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on 
the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti- money laundering laws 
and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer at the 
time of lodging the Application Form or order, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified time 
thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the 
Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 
and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity requirements 
apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. Neither the Issuer 
nor the secretary shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the 
exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be 
specified in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be delivered to a Secured Metal Account and used 
as part of the security for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the applicable class(es).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
PART 6 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL 
SECURITIES 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of each type in the form of Individual 
Securities or Basket Securities of the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 4 of Part 
13 (Additional Information)) was authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 26 November 
2012. The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument, which is governed by 
Jersey law, and secured by the Security Deed, which is governed by English law. Under the terms of the Trust 
Instrument the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any of its trusts, rights, powers, 
authorities, duties and discretions in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities upon such terms and 
subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered office 
is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the Trust 
Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, rights, 
powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
Trustee’s and Security Trustee’s scope of responsibilities 
The Trustee and Security Trustee may rely on any information, certificates and/or instructions received from 
the Issuer and/or its agents (and in the case of the Security Trustee, the Trustee) in relation to Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, the Secured Property, the Management Fee, the Aggregate Delivery Amount and 
the Hedging Fee, and will not be responsible for making any investigation or verification of the same. Neither 
the Trustee nor the Security Trustee will have any liability for any failure of the Issuer or any FX Counterparty 
or Authorised Participant or the Custodian. The Trust Instrument and Security Deed provide various exclusions 
of liability for the Trustee and Security Trustee respectively, including that they are not obliged to monitor the 
performance of the Issuer, any FX Counterparty, any Authorised Participant or the Custodian or the solvency 
of the Custodian, and may assume that each of them is performing its obligations in accordance with the 
Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language. However, information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). The conditions of issue of each class 
of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
Please note that the use of the term “Official List” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be read as a 
reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this prospectus under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
Please also note that the use of the term “Listing” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be read as 
a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this Prospectus under the heading “Definitions 
and Interpretation”. 
The following are the conditions applicable to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
“The Conditions 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have the benefit of, a trust 
instrument dated 28 February 2013, as amended by a supplemental trust instrument dated 18 September 
2014, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019, a third supplemental trust instrument dated 
21 May 2020 and a fourth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 October 2020 between the Issuer and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the holders of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
The Security Holders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Instrument and each Security Deed (each as defined below) and the 
Conditions set out below. 
1. DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
“Acceptable Credit Rating” means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB- from 
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any successor 
to the ratings business thereof), and of at least Baa3 from Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof); 
“Additional Disruption” means, in respect of any Index Business Day which would otherwise be a 
Pricing Day for a particular class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and in respect of an Index, a 
Calculation Agent determines that such Index Business Day is either (i) an “Unscheduled Holiday” in 
respect of such Index, as defined in any Master Confirmation Agreement, or (ii) a day on which a 
“Force Majeure Disruption” (as defined in any Master Confirmation Agreement) has occurred and is 
continuing in respect of such Index; 
“Administration Agreement” means the Administration Agreement dated on or about the date of 
the Trust Instrument between R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer providing for 
certain administration, company secretarial and registrar services to be provided by R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited to the Issuer; 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with that person; and for this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person; 
“Application” means an offer by an Authorised Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities; 
“Application Date” means the date on which a valid Application is received or deemed received by 
the Issuer; 
“Australian Dollar” or “AUD” or “A$” means the lawful currency of Australia; 
“Australian Dollar Basket Security” means a Basket Security of a category denominated in 
Australian Dollars specified as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to 
the Trust Instrument and any Further Securities denominated in Australian Dollars of a category that 
comprises two or more classes of Australian Dollar Individual Securities in any proportion; 
“Australian Dollar Individual Security” means an Individual Security of a class denominated in 
Australian Dollars specified as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to 
the Trust Instrument and any Further Securities denominated in Australian Dollars under which the 
Issuer’s obligation to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single 
type of Bullion; 
“Australian Dollar Security” or “Australian Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Security” means an 
Australian Dollar Individual Security or an Australian Dollar Basket Security; 
“authenticated computer instruction” means a computer instruction within the meaning of the 
Regulations that is authenticated for the purposes of the Regulations; 
“Authorised Participant” means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which has not been 
terminated and which (a) is a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer 
(in its absolute discretion); (b) is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(c) is not a UCITS Fund; and (d) (except in the case of an FX Counterparty or an Affiliate 
which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer) has entered into a 
corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one FX Counterparty, and which is not an 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that FX Counterparty, provided that a person can

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
be an Authorised Participant in respect of one FX Counterparty but not another; 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means a written agreement between the Issuer and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent 
or in a substantially similar function in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and if such 
agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied; 
“Authorised Person” means a person who is authorised for the purposes of FSMA; 
“Basket Security” means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a category specified in the relevant 
list in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument, and a 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any other category that may be created and constituted from 
time to time that comprises any two or more of Gold Individual Securities of any class, Silver 
Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of any class and Palladium Individual 
Securities of any class, and denominated in a particular Currency, and “Basket Securities” means 
all of them; 
“Bullion” means any and all of platinum, palladium, silver and gold; 
“Bullion Class” means all of the Individual Securities (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised 
of Individual Securities of such class) of a class under which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment 
or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single type of Bullion; 
“Bullion Settlement Disruption” in respect of any Index means an event which constitutes “Bullion 
Settlement Disruption” in respect of Metal Adjustment Contracts relating to such Index pursuant to 
the terms of Metal Adjustment Documentation with any FX Counterparty; 
“Bullion Settlement Disruption Day” in respect of an Index means a day on which an event, beyond 
the control of the parties to an ISDA Master Agreement and as a result of which a delivery of Bullion 
required under a Metal Adjustment Contract linked to such Index cannot be effected, has occurred 
and is continuing; 
“Business Day” means a day which is both a London Business Day and a New York Business Day; 
“Calculation Agent” means in respect of any FX Counterparty or the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation entered into with any FX Counterparty, the calculation agent appointed pursuant to 
such Metal Adjustment Documentation; 
“category” means, in relation to Basket Securities, the type of Basket Security determined by the mix 
of different classes and proportions of Individual Securities comprised in the Basket Security; 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form; 
“class” means, in relation to Individual Securities, a type of Individual Securities denominated in a 
particular Currency under which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are 
determined by reference to a particular metal; 
“comprised in” and “comprised of” in relation to a Basket Security means the Individual Securities 
by reference to which the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for which a 
Basket Security (when in Certificated Form) may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Instrument and “comprise” and “comprised” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Compulsory Metal Sale Date” in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means the 
second Business Day following a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such type of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, provided that if the relevant Metal Sale Counterparty notifies the Trustee 
that sale of Bullion of that type (or of each relevant type where more than one type of Currency-
Hedged Metal Security is being Redeemed) cannot be effected on the Relevant Market on that day, 
the Compulsory Metal Sale Date shall be postponed to the immediately following Business Day; 
“Compulsory Redemption” means a Redemption of Currency Hedged Metal Securities pursuant to 
Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption by 
the Trustee on FX Counterparty Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 7.3 
(Compulsory Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX), Condition 7.4 (Compulsory 
Redemption on a fall in Value Relative to Principal Amount) or Condition 7.7 (Compulsory

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Redemption for Cause); 
“Compulsory Redemption Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption by the Trustee on 
FX Counterparty Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency Event), Condition 7.3 (Compulsory 
Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX Counterparty) or Condition 7.4 (Compulsory 
Redemption on a fall in Value Relative to Principal Amount) the date specified by the Issuer or the 
Trustee as such in accordance with that Condition and in relation to any Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.7 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) the date specified by the Issuer as such in 
accordance with that Condition, provided that if the date so specified is not a Pricing Day, the 
Compulsory Redemption Day shall be the first Pricing Day following the date so specified; 
“Compulsory Settlement Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee), the date determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.11.2; 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities are issued and any reference herein to a particular specified Condition or paragraph or 
sub-paragraph of such a Condition shall be construed accordingly; 
“Controller” means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his 
shareholdings in such company; 
(c) holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of such 
company; 
(e) is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in such 
company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his voting 
power in such company; 
(g) is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in the parent 
undertaking of such company; or 
(h) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of such 
company by virtue of his voting rights; 
“corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract” means in respect of any class of Individual Securities 
(or any category of Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of such class) 
a Metal Adjustment Contract of the Class (as defined in the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement) 
which corresponds (by reason of being linked to the same Index) to such class of Individual Securities 
and in respect of any number of Individual Securities of such class means a number (which need not 
be a whole number and may be less than one) of corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts having 
an aggregate Metal Equivalent equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of such number of such 
Individual Securities; 
“CREST” means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in 
Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; 
“Currency” each of the four currency denominations of Currency Hedged Metal Securities (and their 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts) provided for in the Trust Instrument and any further 
denomination that may be provided for pursuant to the Trust Instrument, being Australian Dollars in 
respect of Australian Dollar Currency Hedged Metal Securities, Euro in respect of Euro Currency 
Hedged Metal Securities, Singapore Dollars in respect of Singapore Dollar Currency Hedged Metal 
Securities and Sterling in respect of Sterling Currency Hedged Metal Securities, and “Currencies” 
will be construed accordingly; 
“Currency-Hedged Metal Security” or “Metal Security” means an undated limited recourse 
secured debt security of the Issuer of any of the types specified in the Trust Instrument created 
pursuant to and constituted by the Trust Instrument (including any Further Securities) and includes

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Individual Securities and Basket Securities, and “Currency Hedged Metal Securities” or “Metal 
Securities” means all of them; 
“Custodian” means (i) a financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee have established Secured Metal Accounts, and (ii) in respect of any Pool or the Individual 
Securities to which such Pool relates, a financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee have established Secured Metal Accounts relating to Bullion forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect of such Pool, in each case being a member of each Relevant 
Association which provides custody and transfer facilities in respect of Bullion; 
“Custodian Agreements” means each Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement entered into 
by the Issuer and a Custodian and each Secured Allocated Account Agreement and each Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee 
pursuant to a Security Deed) and a Custodian; 
“Daily Adjustment” in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.4; 
“Daily Hedging Rate” in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5; 
“Daily Hedging Variation” in respect of a class of Individual Securities and a Pricing Day is the value 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.3; 
“Defaulted Obligation” means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment of cash or 
delivery of Bullion in respect of the redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities when due, 
and such failure to make or procure payment of cash or delivery of Bullion is not remedied on or 
before: 
(a) 
in the case of a failure caused in whole or in part by a FX Counterparty failing to comply 
with its obligations to the Issuer in respect of any corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts, the fourth Pricing Day; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the second Business Day, 
in each case after receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same, 
“Direct Agreement” means an agreement entered into between an FX Counterparty and an 
Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an Authorised Participant; 
“Disruption Event” in respect of any Index and day means (a) Price Source Disruption, (b) Index 
Disruption, (c) Additional Disruption, (d) Hedging Disruption/Change in Law or (e) Bullion Settlement 
Disruption, in each case in respect of that Index and day; 
“Disruption Fallback” means a source or method specified in a Master Confirmation Agreement to 
be applied in respect of a Disruption Event; 
“Documents” means the Trust Instrument, each Security Deed, each Metal Adjustment Agreement, 
each ISDA Master Agreement, each Master Confirmation Agreement, any Guarantee, each 
Custodian Agreement, each Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, each Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, the Services Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the 
Licence Agreement and the Prospectus; 
“EC Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on March 25, 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on February 7, 1992) 
and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on October 2, 1997), as further 
amended from time to time; 
“Early Termination Date” in respect of any Metal Adjustment Contract means an “Early Termination 
Date” as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement governing such Metal Adjustment Contract; 
“ETFSL” means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company incorporated 
and registered in Jersey with registered number 88370; 
“Euro” or “Eur” or “€” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the EC Treaty; 
“Euro Basket Security” means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Euros specified as 
such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument and any 
Further Securities denominated in Euros of a category that comprises two or more classes of Euro 
Individual Securities in any proportion; 
“Euro Individual Security” means an Individual Security of a class denominated in Euros specified 
as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument and any 
Further Securities denominated in Euros under which the Issuer’s obligation to make payment and/or 
deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single type of Bullion; 
“Euro Security” or “Euro Currency-Hedged Metal Security” means a Euro Individual Security or 
a Euro Basket Security; 
“Exempt Person” means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an Authorised 
Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business comprising a regulated activity in relation 
to which it is exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of the FSMA 
or associated secondary legislation; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means in respect of one or more types of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities of such type or types duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained 
in the Trust Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. in number of 
the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, by a majority 
consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of such type or types of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or (b) a resolution in writing of holders of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities of such type or types holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of such 
type or types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, and where so provided for in the Trust Instrument 
or these Conditions holders of Basket Securities may for this purpose be treated as holders of the 
relevant type or types of Individual Securities comprised therein; 
“FCA” means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom; 
“FCA Glossary” means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in the FCA 
Handbook; 
“FCA Handbook” means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance (as amended); 
“Final Terms” in respect of any type of Currency Hedged Metal Security means the final terms in 
respect of Currency Hedged Metal Securities of that type issued by the Issuer in substantially the 
form set out in an annex to the Prospectus; 
“Foreign Exchange Rate” for an Index and a day in respect of which that Index is calculated and 
published means the rate of exchange used in the calculation of such Index for that day, expressed 
as a number of US Dollars per Australian Dollar, a number of US Dollars per Euro, a number of US 
Dollars per Singapore Dollar or a number of US Dollars per Pound Sterling, as the case may be; 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and, where applicable, includes the 
Financial Services Act 2012; 
“Further Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Further 
Securities; Other Pools; Transfer to New Pools; Consolidation and Division); 
“FX Counterparty” means the counterparty to each Metal Adjustment Agreement with the Issuer and 
for so long as the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement remains in force includes MSIP; 
“FX Counterparty Enforcement Event” in relation to any FX Counterparty has the meaning given 
to it in the Security Deed to which that FX Counterparty is a party; 
“FX Counterparty Event of Default” means in relation to any FX Counterparty: 
(a) the failure of that FX Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery required to 
be made by it under a ISDA Master Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
the first Local Business Day (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) in the case 
of any such payment or the first Local Delivery Day (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master 
Agreement) in the case of any such delivery after, in each case, notice of such failure is given 
to the FX Counterparty and provided that a FX Counterparty Event of Default shall not occur 
if the FX Counterparty demonstrates, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer, that such 
failure to make any payment or delivery is caused by an error or omission of an 
administrative or operational nature; funds or assets were available to the FX Counterparty 
to enable it to make the relevant payment or delivery; and such payment or delivery is made 
within two such Local Business Days following the date on which written notice is given to 
the FX Counterparty; or 
(b) any other event occurring in respect of that FX Counterparty which is an Event of Default with 
respect to that FX Counterparty under and as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement to which 
that FX Counterparty is a party; 
“FX Counterparty Potential Event of Default” means in relation to any FX Counterparty any event 
which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute a FX Counterparty Event 
of Default in relation to such FX Counterparty; 
“Gold Individual Security” means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to gold; 
“Good Delivery” in respect of any type of Bullion means such Bullion complies with the refining 
standard and weights for such Bullion set by the Relevant Association; 
“Guarantee” means, in respect of any FX Counterparty, any guarantee or other form of credit support 
given to the Issuer in respect of such FX Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement and Master Confirmation Agreement; 
“Guarantor” means in respect of any FX Counterparty, any entity providing a Guarantee; 
“Handbook” means in respect of a class of Individual Securities, the document which sets out the 
methodology for the calculation of the Index applicable to that class being, at the date of the Trust 
Instrument, the document entitled “The Morgan Stanley Precious Metal Currency Hedged (MSPM) 
Indices Manual” (2013 Edition) dated February 2013 and includes the document entitled “The 
Morgan Stanley Precious Metal Currency Hedged (MSPM) Indices Gold Manual – October 2020 
Edition” and the document entitled “The Morgan Stanley Precious Metal Currency Hedged (MSPM) 
Indices Silver/Platinum/Palladium Manual – October 2020 Edition” (in each case including any 
amendment or modification thereto); 
“Hedge Positions” in relation to any FX Counterparty means any purchase, sale, entry into or 
maintenance of one or more foreign exchange positions or contracts or Bullion positions or contracts 
or any other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described), in each case by such FX 
Counterparty in order to hedge, individually (in whole or in part) or on a portfolio basis, a Metal 
Adjustment Contract; 
“Hedging Disruption/Change in Law” in relation to any FX Counterparty and any Metal Adjustment 
Contract with such FX Counterparty means in relation to such Metal Adjustment Contract that: 
(a) 
(i) due to the adoption, enactment, ratification or promulgation of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the FX 
Counterparty determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that it 
has become impossible or impracticable for the FX Counterparty to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any Hedge Position relating to such Metal Adjustment Contract and in consequence a 
“Hedging Disruption/Change in Law” (as defined for the purpose of such Metal Adjustment 
Contract) occurs in relation to such Metal Adjustment Contract; 
(b) 
the FX Counterparty determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that it is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Position relating to such Metal 
Adjustment Contract, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or Hedge Position and in consequence a “Hedging Disruption/Change in Law” (as defined for

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
the purpose of such Metal Adjustment Contract) occurs in relation to such Metal Adjustment 
Contract; or 
(c) 
the FX Counterparty gives notice pursuant to the terms of the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation governing such Metal Adjustment Contract that it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under such Metal Adjustment Contract (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position) and in consequence a “Hedging Disruption/Change in Law” (as 
defined for the purposes of such Metal Adjustment Contract) has occurred in relation to such 
Metal Adjustment Contract; 
“Index” means in respect of a class of Individual Securities, the index specified as applicable to such 
class in the Trust Instrument; 
“Index Business Day” means in respect of any Index a day on which such Index is scheduled to be 
published in accordance with the Handbook and in respect of the Individual Securities of any class 
means an Index Business Day in respect of the Index to which the corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts relate; 
“Index Disruption” means in respect of any Pricing Day and any Index in respect of a class of 
Individual Securities that the Index Sponsor has announced that an Adjustment Event or Market 
Disruption Event (each as defined in the Handbook) has occurred in respect of that Index and as a 
result a level for that Index has not been calculated or published on such Pricing Day; 
“Index Sponsor” means Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or any other entity which from time to time 
calculates and publishes (or causes to be published) an Index; 
“Individual Security” means a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of a class specified in the relevant 
list in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument, and a 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any other class that may be created and constituted from time 
to time under which the Issuer’s obligation to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined 
by reference to a single type of Bullion, and denominated in any Currency, and “Individual 
Securities” means all of them; 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940; 
“ISDA Master Agreement” means a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement between a FX Counterparty and 
the Issuer and in relation to any Metal Adjustment Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement 
as defined in such Metal Adjustment Agreement and, where the context so permits, the Master 
Confirmation Agreement and any other confirmation supplemental thereto; 
“Issuer” means WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey with registered number 108311; 
“Issuer Event of Default” means: 
(a) 
the failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery required to be made by it under 
a ISDA Master Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before the first Local Business Day 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) in the case of any such payment or the first 
Local Delivery Day (as defined in the relevant ISDA Master Agreement) in the case of any such 
delivery after, in each case, notice of such failure is given to the Issuer and provided that an Issuer 
Event of Default shall not occur if such Issuer demonstrates, to the reasonable satisfaction of the FX 
Counterparty, that such failure to make any payment or delivery is caused by an error or omission of 
an administrative or operational nature; funds or assets were available to the Issuer to enable it to 
make the relevant payment or delivery; and such payment or delivery is made within two such Local 
Business Days following the date on which written notice is given to the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any other event occurring in respect of the Issuer which is an Event of Default with respect to the 
Issuer under and as defined in any ISDA Master Agreement; 
“Issuer Potential Event of Default” means any event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of 
time or both, would constitute an Issuer Event of Default; 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against 
it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 
1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition 
(A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
or an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days 
thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) (inclusive); 
or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts, provided that no action taken by the Trustee or the Security Trustee 
in respect of the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument or a Security Deed shall constitute an Issuer 
Insolvency Event; 
“Issuer’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
http://www.wisdomtree.eu/ or such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders and 
the Trustee by RIS announcement; 
“Jersey” means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
“LBMA” means The London Bullion Market Association and where the context requires includes the 
London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. and the London Silver Market Fixing Ltd.; 
“LBMA Value Date” means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
the second Business Day following the applicable Metal Sale Date, Compulsory Metal Sale Date or 
Compulsory Redemption Date (as the case may be, and in each case in this definition the “Contract 
Date”), provided that if the LBMA determines that the “value date” for a “contract date” on the 
Contract Date should be later than two Business Days after a “contract date”, then the LBMA Value 
Date shall be such day as specified by the LBMA as the relevant “value date”; 
“Liability” any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgement, action, proceeding 
or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of Taxes) and including any VAT 
or similar Tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal and professional fees and expenses 
on a full indemnity basis, and “Liabilities” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Licence Agreement” means the index license agreement in relation to the Indexes originally 
entered into between the Index Sponsor and ETFSL dated February 28, 2013 and novated to be 
between the Index Sponsor and ManJer by a novation and amendment agreement dated 5 April 
2018; 
“Listing” means in respect of any type of Currency Hedged Metal Securities, the admission of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type to the Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules 
and the admission of Currency Hedged Metal Securities of that type to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at 
any time more than one such market) becoming effective and in respect of any particular Currency 
Hedged Metal Security means the admission of that Currency Hedged Metal Security to the Official 
List in accordance with the Listing Rules and the admission of that Currency Hedged Metal Security 
to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the 
London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market) becoming effective; 
“Listing Failure” means the refusal of the UK Listing Authority to admit to the Official List or the 
refusal of the London Stock Exchange to admit to trading on its market for listed securities (or any of

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market) any 
Currency Hedged Metal Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
“Listing Failure Date” means in respect of any Currency Hedged Metal Security issued and to be 
issued and the subject of a Listing Failure, the day which was or would have been that on which such 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities were issued, or would have been issued in accordance with the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, to the relevant Authorised Participant; 
“Listing Rules” means the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority from time to time made under 
section 73A of FSMA; 
“London Bullion market” means the over-the-counter market in gold and silver co-ordinated by the 
LBMA and the over-the-counter market in platinum and palladium co-ordinated by the LPPM; 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks generally and, in respect of any Gold Individual Security, the London Bullion Market are open 
for the transaction of business in London; 
“London Stock Exchange” means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or 
any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market), as 
the context may require; 
“LPPM” means The London Platinum and Palladium Market; 
“LPPM Value Date” means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
the second Business Day following the applicable Metal Sale Date, Compulsory Metal Sale Date or 
Compulsory Redemption Date (as the case may be, and in each case in this definition the “Contract 
Date”), provided that if the LPPM determines that a “value date” for a “trade date” on the Contract 
Date should be later than two Business Days after a “trade date”, then the LPPM Value Date shall 
be such day as is specified by the LPPM as the relevant “value date”; 
“Main Market” means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange; 
“Management Fee” means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer or any Affiliate or 
successor of ManJer in consideration for the provision by ManJer or any Affiliate or successor of 
ManJer of all management and administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in 
the Prospectus, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time; 
“ManJer” means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS Management Company 
(Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 106921; 
“Master Confirmation Agreement” means a contract entitled “Master Confirmation Agreement for 
Metal Adjustment Contracts” between a FX Counterparty and the Issuer including any Pricing Notices 
as defined in such Master Confirmation Agreement, and in relation to any Metal Adjustment 
Agreement means the Master Confirmation Agreement as defined in such Metal Adjustment 
Agreement; 
“Metal Adjustment Agreement” means an agreement entitled “Metal Adjustment Agreement 
Relating to Metal Adjustment Contracts” between the Issuer and an FX Counterparty pursuant to 
which the FX Counterparty will enter into Metal Adjustment Contracts with the Issuer; 
“Metal Adjustment Contract” means a contract between the Issuer and an FX Counterparty created 
in accordance with a Metal Adjustment Agreement and relating to an Index, and in relation to 
Individual Securities of a particular class means a corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract; 
“Metal Adjustment Documentation” means any Metal Adjustment Agreement, any ISDA Master 
Agreement and any Master Conformation Agreement; 
“Metal Delivery” means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by delivery of Bullion in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
“Metal Entitlement” means, as at any date and in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Security, 
the amount(s) of Bullion to which the Security Holder of that Currency-Hedged Metal Security is

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
entitled on Redemption of that Currency-Hedged Metal Security of that class on that date in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Metal Entitlement); 
“Metal Equivalent” means, as at any date and in relation to any Metal Adjustment Contract, the 
“Metal Equivalent” for such Metal Adjustment Contract pursuant to the terms of the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation governing such Metal Adjustment Contract; 
“Metal Future” in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities other than Gold Individual 
Securities means the futures contract specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Metal Sale” means in relation to the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by sale of Bullion to a Metal 
Sale Counterparty pursuant to a Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement and payment of the proceeds 
of sale to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions; 
“Metal Sale Counterparty” means a financial institution or other entity with which the Issuer, the 
Security Trustee and the Trustee have entered into a Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement; 
“Metal Sale Counterparty Account” means in relation to any Metal Sale Counterparty such 
unallocated Bullion account of such Metal Sale Counterparty as may be specified in or pursuant to 
the applicable Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement; 
“Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement” means an agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Security 
Trustee and a financial institution or other entity providing for the sale from time to time at the request 
of the Security Trustee of Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more classes; 
“Metal Sale Date” means, with respect to a Redemption pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be effected by Metal 
Sale, the first Business Day following the Redemption Notice Date for that Redemption, provided 
that if the Metal Sale Counterparty notifies the Trustee that sale of Bullion of the applicable type 
cannot be effected on the Relevant Market on that day, the Metal Sale Date shall be postponed to 
the immediately following Business Day; 
“month” means calendar month; 
“MSIP” means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales with number 02068222 whose registered office is situated at 25 Cabot Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA, England; 
“MISP Metal Adjustment Agreement” means the Metal Adjustment Agreement between the Issuer 
and MSIP dated 28 February 2013; 
“New York Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks generally are open for the transaction of business in New York and, in relation to any Bullion 
Class other than a Bullion Class that references gold, means a day which is also a trading day for the 
principle exchange on which the Metal Future for that Bullion Class is traded; 
“Official List” means the Official List maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part 
VI of FSMA; 
“ounces” or “oz” means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes; 
“outstanding” means in relation to each type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, all the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of that type issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an entry 
in the Register other than: 
(a) 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument; and 
(b) 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument, 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders 
or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust Instrument, Currency-Hedged Metal Securities

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(if any) which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) 
ETFSL, (C) ManJer, (D) any FX Counterparty which is not also an Authorised Participant or an 
Affiliate of an Authorised Participant, (E) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of any such FX Counterparty 
falling under (D), (F) any individual Controller of the Issuer, ETFSL or ManJer or (G) any person 
controlled by any such persons listed in (A) to (F) above, shall (unless and until ceasing to be so 
held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities shall for such purposes be deemed not to be Security Holders; 
“Overseas Person” means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 19 
of the FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United Kingdom, whose head office 
is situated outside the United Kingdom and whose ordinary business involves carrying on activities 
of the kind specified by any of articles 14, 21, 25, 37, 40, 45, 51, 52 and 53 or, so far as relevant to 
any of those articles, article 64 of the RAO (or would do so apart from any exclusion from any of those 
articles made by the RAO); 
“Palladium Individual Security” means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to palladium; 
“Platinum Individual Security” means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to platinum; 
“PMA Sub-Pool” means in respect of a class of Individual Securities (and in respect of Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class) each separate pool, forming 
part of or (if only one FX Counterparty has been appointed in respect of that class of Individual 
Securities) constituting the Pool to which such class relates, relating to a single FX Counterparty. 
Such PMA Sub-Pool will have allocated to it all Metal Adjustment Contracts applicable to the relevant 
Pool with that FX Counterparty and the Bullion applicable to such Metal Adjustment Contracts; 
“Pool” means a separate pool relating to a particular class of Individual Securities (and Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class). If at any time in respect of 
any class of Individual Securities there is more than one FX Counterparty, then the Pool in respect 
of such class will comprise all PMA Sub-Pools relating to such class; 
“Price Source Disruption” in relation to any Index and any Pricing Day for a particular class of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means either (i) the Index is not published and available on the 
relevant display page of the Bloomberg or Reuters Monitor Money Rates service, or any successor, 
at 5.00 p.m. on such Pricing Day; or (ii) a Calculation Agent determines that the level of the Index 
displayed on the relevant display page of the Bloomberg or Reuters service, or any successor, on 
such Pricing Day is manifestly incorrect; 
“Pricing Day” means, in respect of Individual Securities of any class, an Index Business Day in 
respect of such class which is not a day on which an Additional Disruption in respect of the Index to 
which that class relates has occurred and is continuing; 
“Principal Amount” means in respect of each Currency-Hedged Metal Security the amount specified 
in the relevant list in the Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) of the Trust 
Instrument; 
“Priority Waterfall” means the provisions described in Condition 13 (Application of Security); 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 
29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a 
Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, 
state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of 
the Code, or any person who holds Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on behalf of, for the benefit 
of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
“Prohibited US Person” means a person who is (a) a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
or any person who holds Currency-Hedged Metal Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is 
not a Qualified Purchaser, and (b) a US Person who is not a Qualified Institutional Buyer; 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the Programme; 
“Qualified Institutional Buyer” has the meaning given thereto by Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act; 
“Qualified Purchaser” means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company Act; 
“RAO” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2007 made 
under the FSMA; 
“Redemption” means the redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” and “Redeemed” shall be construed accordingly); 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption of Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption Fee); 
“Redemption Form” means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
“Redemption Notice Date” means a Business Day on which a valid Redemption Form is received 
provided that a Redemption Form received after 2.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day 
will be treated as having been received on the next Business Day; 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Currency- 
Hedged Metal Security to make payment or deliver Bullion to the relevant Security Holder in 
accordance with the Conditions; 
“Registers” means the registers of Security Holders of each type kept and maintained by the 
Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Registrar” means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as may 
be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers; 
“Registrar Agreement” means the registrar agreement between the Issuer, the Registrar and the 
Trustee dated on or about the date of the Trust Instrument; 
“Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including any 
modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being in force 
which, inter alia, enable title to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be evidenced otherwise than 
by a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument; 
“Relevant Association” means: 
(a) 
in respect of platinum and palladium, the LPPM or its successors; and 
(b) 
in respect of silver and gold, the LBMA or its successors; 
“Relevant Currency” in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Security, the currency in which that 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security is denominated being: 
(a) 
in the case of an Australian Dollar Currency Hedged Metal Security, Australian Dollars; 
(b) 
in the case of a Euro Currency Hedged Metal Security, Euro; 
(c) 
in the case of a Singapore Dollar Currency Hedged Metal Security, Singapore Dollars; and 
(d) 
in the case of a Sterling Currency Hedged Metal Security, Sterling; 
“Relevant Custodian” in respect of the Redemption of Individual Securities of any class (and of 
Basket Securities of any category to the extent comprised of any Individual Securities of such class 
and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof): 
(a) 
if each Secured Allocated Account and each Secured Unallocated Account in respect of the Pool to 
which such Individual Securities (and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that 
class of Individual Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof)

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
relate is with the same Custodian, means the Custodian with which such Secured Metal Accounts 
are established; and 
(b) 
if all Secured Allocated Accounts and all Secured Unallocated Accounts in respect of the Pool to 
which such Individual Securities (and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that 
class of Individual Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof) 
relate are not with the same Custodian, means the Custodian with which the Secured Metal 
Account(s) designated pursuant to Condition 6.1.2 is/are established; 
“Relevant Market” means in respect of silver, gold, platinum and palladium, the London Bullion 
market; 
“Relevant Metal Sale Counterparty” in respect of any Metal Sale relating to Individual Securities of 
any class (and of Basket Securities of any category to the extent comprised of any Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities of such class and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
thereof): 
(a) 
if there is only one Metal Sale Counterparty in respect of the Pool to which such Individual Securities 
(and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that class of Individual Securities and 
any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof) relate, means that Metal Sale 
Counterparty; and 
(b) 
if there is more than one Metal Sale Counterparty in respect of the Pool to which such Individual 
Securities (and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that class of Individual 
Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof) relate, means the 
Metal Sale Counterparty designated pursuant to Condition 6.1.3; 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” shall each include both the others and cognate expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; 
“RIS” means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) from 
time to time chosen by the Issuer; 
“Secured Allocated Account” means an allocated Bullion account established with a Custodian in 
the name of the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) pursuant to a 
Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement; 
“Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement” means an agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) and a Custodian pursuant to 
which one or more Secured Allocated Accounts is established and operated; 
“Secured Metal Account” means a Secured Allocated Account or a Secured Unallocated Account 
and in respect of any Pool or PMA Sub-Pool means the Secured Allocated Account(s) and Secured 
Unallocated Account(s) relating to Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such 
Pool or PMA Sub-Pool (as the case may be); 
“Secured Metal Accounts Agreements” means each Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and 
Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a Security Trustee (as legal 
mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) and a Custodian; 
“Secured Parties” means in respect of any Security Deed, the Security Trustee, the Trustee, the FX 
Counterparty which is a party to such Security Deed, the Security Holders and ManJer; 
“Secured Property” means in respect of Individual Securities of any class and Basket Securities of 
any category to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of that class, all Bullion credited to the 
Secured Metal Accounts applicable to that class, all rights of the Issuer under all Secured Metal 
Accounts Agreements, Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, Metal Adjustment Agreements, 
ISDA Master Agreements, Master Confirmation Agreements and Metal Adjustment Contracts and 
any Guarantee, to the extent that they apply to Individual Securities of that class, or any part thereof, 
and which are subject to the security created in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant to each 
Security Deed as it applies in respect of such class and, in respect of any PMA Sub-Pool, all Bullion 
credited to the Secured Metal Accounts applicable to such PMA Sub-Pool, all rights of the Issuer 
under all Secured Metal Accounts Agreements, Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, Metal 
Adjustment Agreements, ISDA Master Agreements, Master Confirmation Agreements and Metal

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Adjustment Contracts and any Guarantee allocated to such PMA Sub- Pool, or any part thereof, and 
which are subject to the security created in favour of the Security Trustee pursuant to the Security 
Deed as it applies in respect of such PMA Sub-Pool; 
“Secured Unallocated Account” means an unallocated Bullion account established with a 
Custodian in the name of the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) 
pursuant to a Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement; 
“Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement” means an agreement entered into between the 
Issuer, the Security Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to a Security Deed) and a Custodian 
pursuant to which one or more Secured Unallocated Accounts is established and operated; 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933; 
“Security” means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by each applicable Security Deed; 
“Security Deed” means in relation to each class of Individual Securities (and Basket Securities to 
the extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class) a security deed entered into between the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, an FX Counterparty and ManJer in relation to the Secured 
Property in respect of such class, and, in respect of each Pool or PMA Sub-Pool, means the same 
as it applies to such Pool or PMA Sub-Pool (as the case may be); 
“Security Holder” means a registered holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
“Security Holder Account” means in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be 
Redeemed by Metal Delivery, an unallocated account with a member of the Relevant Association (or, 
in the case of a Basket Security, one or more unallocated accounts with one or more members of 
the Relevant Associations) specified by a Security Holder into which Bullion of the appropriate type 
may be deposited; 
“Security Trustee” means a security trustee appointed pursuant to a Security Deed to hold the 
security granted by the Issuer under such Security Deed; 
“Services Agreement” means the Services Agreement dated on or about the date of the Trust 
Instrument between ManJer and the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by ManJer 
to the Issuer in relation to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
“Settlement Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption by 
Authorised Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders), the date 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.13 (Settlement Date); 
“Silver Individual Security” means an Individual Security of any class under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to silver; 
“Singapore Dollar” or “SGD” or “S$” means the lawful currency of the Republic of Singapore; 
“Singapore Dollar Basket Security” means a Basket Security of a category denominated in 
Singapore Dollars specified as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to 
the Trust Instrument and any Further Securities denominated in Singapore Dollars of a category that 
comprises two or more classes of Singapore Dollar Individual Securities in any proportion; 
“Singapore Dollar Individual Security” means an Individual Security of a class denominated in 
Singapore Dollars specified as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to 
the Trust Instrument and any Further Securities denominated in Singapore Dollars under which the 
Issuer’s obligation to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single 
type of Bullion; 
“Singapore Dollar Security” or “Singapore Dollar Currency-Hedged Metal Security” means a 
Singapore Dollar Individual Security or a Singapore Dollar Basket Security; 
“Sterling” or “Pound Sterling” of “GBP” or “£” means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
“Sterling Basket Security” means a Basket Security of a category denominated in Sterling specified 
as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument and any

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Further Securities denominated in Sterling of a category that comprises two or more classes of 
Sterling Individual Securities in any proportion; 
“Sterling Individual Security” means an Individual Security of a class denominated in Sterling 
specified as such in Schedule 6 (Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument 
and any Further Securities denominated in Sterling under which the Issuer’s obligation to make 
payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a single type of Bullion; 
“Sterling Security” or “Sterling Currency-Hedged Metal Security” means a Sterling Individual 
Security or a Sterling Basket Security; 
“Subscription Unallocated Account” means an unallocated Bullion account established by the 
Issuer with a Custodian pursuant to a Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement; 
“Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement” means an agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and a Custodian pursuant to which one or more Subscription Unallocated Accounts is 
established and operated; 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006; 
“T+2 Implementation Date” means the date specified as such in or determined as such in 
accordance with a notice given by the Issuer to the Security Holders not less than 5 days prior 
thereto; 
“Tax” means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and services tax, 
withholding tax stamp, financial institutions, registration and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, 
import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest penalties and 
charges imposes or levied by a government or government agency; 
“Termination Event” means in respect of the Metal Adjustment Documentation with any FX 
Counterparty: 
(a) 
an Illegality (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty); 
(b) 
a Force Majeure Event (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty); 
(c) 
a Tax Event (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty); 
(d) 
a Tax Event Upon Merger (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty); 
(e) 
a Credit Event Upon Merger (as defined in the ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty); 
(f) 
a breach by the Issuer or the FX Counterparty of certain specified obligations under the Metal 
Adjustment Agreement with that FX Counterparty where the other party thereto gives notice of such 
breach and the same constitutes an Additional Termination Event under and in accordance with the 
ISDA Master Agreement with that FX Counterparty; 
(g) 
the Metal Adjustment Agreement with that FX Counterparty ceases to be in full force and effect prior to 
the satisfaction of all obligations of a party to that Metal Adjustment Agreement pursuant thereto without 
the prior written consent of the other party thereto, or a party thereto disclaims, repudiates or rejects in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of that Metal Adjustment Agreement; 
(h) 
if the terms of the Security Deed to which that FX Counterparty is a party are altered or amended in any 
way without the prior written consent of the FX Counterparty in a way that has an adverse effect on the 
FX Counterparty 's position or interests under the application of monies provisions of that Security Deed; 
or 
(i) 
if, following the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, an Issuer Insolvency Event or a FX Counterparty 
Enforcement Event, the Security Trustee is validly directed or validly instructed, in accordance with the 
terms of the Security Deed to which the FX Counterparty is a party, to enforce the security constituted 
by the Security Deed or takes any action to enforce such security; 
“Trust Instrument” means the trust instrument dated 28 February 2013 between the Issuer and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders constituting Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities and includes the Schedules thereto and these Conditions; 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, 
London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
“Trustee Consent Documents” means each ISDA Master Agreement, each Master Confirmation 
Agreement, each Metal Adjustment Agreement (but excluding the schedules to any Metal Adjustment 
Agreement save schedules 2 and 3), Metal Adjustment Contracts created thereunder, any 
Guarantee any Secured Metal Account Agreement and any Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement; 
“type” means, in relation to Individual Securities, a class thereof and, in relation to Basket Securities, 
the category thereof; 
“UCITS Fund” means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS directive 
(Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme; 
“UCITS Scheme” means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” contained in 
the FCA Glossary; 
“UK Listing Authority” means the FCA acting in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of Part VI of FSMA or any successor enactment; 
“Unacceptable Authorised Participant” means an Authorised Participant in respect of which the 
relevant FX Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice under the relevant Metal Adjustment 
Agreement that the Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to such FX Counterparty; 
“Uncertificated” or “Uncertificated Form” means recorded on the Register as being held in 
uncertificated form, title to which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of 
CREST; 
“Uncertificated Notice of Meeting” means a notice of meeting in the form of an authenticated 
computer instruction and/or other instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST; 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any 
state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
“US Dollars” or “US$” means the lawful currency of the United States; 
“US Person” means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act; and “VAT” 
means value added tax. 
1.2 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
1.2.1 
words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
1.2.2 
words in the masculine gender shall also include the feminine gender and vice versa; 
1.2.3 
any reference to a person or persons include reference to any individual corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity; 
1.2.4 
all references to any statute or any provision of any statute shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to such statute or statutory provision as the 
same may have been or may from time to time be amended, modified, extended 
consolidated, re-enacted or replaced and shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory 
instrument, order, regulation or other subordinate legislation made thereunder; 
1.2.5 
headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted 
for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions; 
1.2.6 
any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement, deed, prospectus or other document 
includes a reference to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement, deed,

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
prospectus or other document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; and 
1.2.7 
unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to 
local time in London, England. 
2. STATUS OF CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES 
2.1 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations of the 
Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3 (Security and Limited Recourse). The Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities of each type rank pari passu among themselves and the Individual Securities of each class 
of which each Basket Security is comprised rank pari passu with all other Individual Securities of the 
same class. Each Currency-Hedged Metal Security has a Principal Amount and without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) but subject always to the 
provisions of Condition 3.2 a Security Holder may elect to receive on redemption an amount in cash in 
US Dollars equal to the product of the Principal Amount and the Foreign Exchange Rate in respect of 
the Index to which the relevant class relates on the relevant Pricing Day in lieu of the amount otherwise 
specified in Condition 6. The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Instrument its indebtedness in respect 
of the aggregate Principal Amount. 
2.2 
Each Basket Security constitutes a separate security from the Individual Securities by reference to which 
the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for which they may be surrendered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
2.3 
The Metal Entitlement of a Basket Security is equal to the sum of the Metal Entitlements of a defined 
number of Individual Securities of various classes as specified in the relevant list in the Schedule 6 
(Types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) of the Trust Instrument. Each Basket Security may be 
surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument in exchange for such Individual 
Securities. 
2.4 
A Security Holder holding: 
2.4.1 
Basket Securities in Certificated Form may surrender the certificates for cancellation and 
receive certificates in respect of the Individual Securities comprised in such Basket 
Securities; or 
2.4.2 
Individual Securities in Certificated Form of the appropriate classes and in at least the 
appropriate numbers of each class may surrender the certificates for cancellation and 
receive certificates for such number of Basket Securities of any class or classes requested 
by it as are comprised of the Individual Securities represented by such surrendered 
certificates as it requested to be combined in the form of such Basket Securities and one 
or more Certificates in respect of the balance of the Individual Securities not so combined 
in the form of Basket Securities, 
in each case rounded down to the nearest whole number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
of each type and otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
2.5 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
2.6 
The Issuer shall at all times publish on the Issuer’s Website: 
2.6.1 
the classes of Individual Securities which are in issue or available to be issued; and 
2.6.2 
the categories of Basket Securities which are in issue or available to be issued, and the 
number and classes of Individual Securities which at that time are comprised in each 
category of Basket Securities.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
3. SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
The obligations of the Issuer to the Security Holders in respect of each class of Individual Security (and 
any category of Basket Securities to the extent that the Metal Entitlement of such Basket Securities is 
calculated by reference to Individual Securities of that class), together with, inter alia, the obligations of 
the Issuer to the FX Counterparty or FX Counterparties in respect of that class, are secured pursuant to 
the relevant Security Deeds by (i) a first fixed charge or legal mortgage to the Security Trustee for the 
benefit of itself and the Secured Parties of its rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the 
Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts forming part of the Secured Property; (ii) an assignment 
to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties of its present and future rights, title and 
interest in each Secured Metal Accounts Agreement, each Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, each 
Metal Adjustment Agreement, each Master Confirmation Agreement, each ISDA Master Agreement and 
each Guarantee, in each case to the extent it relates to the relevant class; and (iii) a first ranking floating 
charge in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties over all the Issuer’s rights, 
title and interest, present and future, in and to the Secured Property attributable to that class. On any 
distribution by the Security Trustee of the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured Property in respect 
of any Pool or PMA Sub-Pool, in accordance with the Priority Waterfall the claims of the Security Holders 
in respect of the Individual Securities of any class (and of the Basket Securities to the extent the Metal 
Entitlement of such Basket Securities is calculated by reference to Individual Securities of such class) 
rank after the claims of the Trustee and the Security Trustee and after the claims of the relevant FX 
Counterparty and ManJer in respect of the relevant Pool or (if there is more than one FX Counterparty 
in respect of the relevant Pool), in respect of the proceeds of enforcement of the Secured Property in 
respect of each PMA Sub-Pool, after the claims of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the relevant FX 
Counterparty and ManJer in respect of the relevant PMA Sub-Pool. Individual Securities of the same 
class (and Basket Securities to the extent the Metal Entitlement of such Basket Securities is calculated 
by reference to Individual Securities of that class) are secured by reference to the same Pool and each 
PMA Sub-Pool forming part of that Pool. 
3.2 
The Trustee (on behalf of the Security Holders of Individual Securities of any class (and any category 
of Basket Securities to the extent the Metal Entitlement of such Basket Securities is calculated by 
reference to Individual Securities of that class)) and the Security Holders of any class of Individual 
Securities (and any category of Basket Securities if and to the extent that the Metal Entitlement of such 
Basket Securities is calculated by reference to Individual Securities of that class) shall have recourse 
only to the Secured Property relating to the Pool for that class and any sums derived therefrom. If, the 
Security Trustee or the Trustee (or any other secured party) having realised the Secured Property of 
such Pool, the net proceeds of realisation of such Secured Property available (after the payment or 
delivery of all prior ranking claims in accordance with the relevant Security Deed(s)) are insufficient to 
make all payments and deliveries and meet all obligations in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities which, but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due in respect of the relevant class 
from the Issuer to the holders of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, (a) the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall be satisfied by delivery to the Security Holder 
of the Relevant Proportion of the Bullion held for that Pool and of any such net proceeds of realisation 
(in each case after satisfaction of prior claims), where the “Relevant Proportion” is the proportion that 
the Individual Securities of the relevant class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual 
Securities of that class) held by such Security Holder and being Redeemed bears to the total number of 
the Individual Securities of that class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of Individual 
Securities of such class) outstanding, and (b) none of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Security 
Holder in respect of any such Currency- Hedged Metal Securities or any person acting on behalf of any 
of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums payable 
or amounts deliverable under or in respect of these Conditions or interest thereon in respect of such 
Individual Securities or such Basket Securities to the extent that the Metal Entitlement thereof is so 
calculated, no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such further sums 
or amounts or interest thereon and the indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such further sums or

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
amounts or interest thereon shall be unconditionally extinguished. Furthermore none of the Trustee, the 
Security Trustee, any Security Holder or any person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to 
institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any bankruptcy, suspension of 
payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or 
liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law (whether court based or otherwise) in 
relation to the Issuer (except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to a Security 
Deed) for two years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or similar period 
(howsoever described) ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into 
by the Issuer within such period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other 
proceeding) plus one day after the date on which all amounts payable under the last outstanding security 
of any type issued by the Issuer and constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid, nor shall they have 
any claim in respect of any sum arising or other obligation in respect of the Secured Property for any 
other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer. 
3.3 
The obligations of the Issuer under, and in connection with, these Conditions are solely corporate 
obligations of the Issuer. Neither the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any Security Holder shall have 
any recourse against any shareholder, director, officer or agent of the Issuer for any claim, loss, liability 
or expense suffered or incurred by it under, or in connection with, these Conditions. 
4. FORM AND TRANSFER 
4.1 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
4.2 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form by means of 
CREST in accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent of Security Holders, 
concur with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in order to reflect 
changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding or transfer of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in Uncertificated Form. A Security Holder may request that his 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities be held in Certificated Form, in which case such Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities shall be removed from CREST. 
4.3 
The Issuer shall cause to be kept at its registered office, or at such other place in Jersey as the Trustee 
may agree, Registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership 
of all outstanding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the names and addresses of the Security 
Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the Security Holders or any of them 
and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty at all reasonable times during office 
hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies of, or extracts from, the same or any 
part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene a meeting of or to give any notice to, the 
Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free of charge) with such copies of, or extracts 
from, the Registers as it shall require. The Registers may be closed by the Issuer for such periods and 
at such times (not exceeding in the whole 30 days in any one year) as it may think fit. 
4.4 
Where the Issuer or the Trustee considers it necessary or expedient for the purposes of enforcing the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument or the purposes of Redeeming any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
it is authorised to execute any document or instrument necessary to convert Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities held in Uncertificated Form into Certificated Form and to take delivery of the corresponding 
certificate(s). 
 
5. METAL ENTITLEMENT 
5.1 
Each class of Individual Security will have a separate Metal Entitlement. On first issue of an Individual 
Security of any class, the Metal Entitlement of the Individual Securities of that class shall be calculated 
in accordance with Condition 5.2 commencing from the Pricing Day after the Application Date for such

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
first Individual Securities of that class to be issued on the basis that on such Application Date such Metal 
Entitlement is the amount set against the name of the class of Individual Securities in Schedule 6 (Types 
of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) to the Trust Instrument. 
5.2 
The Metal Entitlement for each class of Individual Securities will be calculated on each Pricing Day from the 
Pricing Day after the Application Date in respect of the first Individual Security of that class to be issued to 
nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 troy ounces (or fine troy ounces in the case of gold) rounded upwards 
as follows: 
MEi,t= ME i,t–1 x (DHVi,t – DAt) 
where: 
MEi,t 
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i for Pricing Day 
t with an initial value as provided in Condition 5.1; 
MEi,t-1  
is the Metal Entitlement for Individual Securities of class i for Pricing Day t-1; 
i 
 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t  
 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
t-1 
 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
DHVi,t 
refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day 
t calculated in accordance with Condition 5.3; and 
DAi,t 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Individual Securities of class i on Pricing 
Day t calculated in accordance with Condition 5.4. 
5.3 
The Daily Hedging Variation in respect of each class of Individual Securities for any Pricing Day shall 
be the amount (expressed as a decimal) determined in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐷𝐻𝑉௜,௧ൌ𝑰𝑴𝒊,𝒕
𝑰𝑴𝒊,𝒕ି𝟏
 
where: 
DHVi,t refers to the Daily Hedging Variation for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t;  
i 
 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t  
 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
t-1 
 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
IMi,t 
is the closing settlement level in metal terms of the Index applicable to Individual Securities of 
class i for Pricing Day t, provided that, if such Pricing Day is a day in respect of which Price Source 
Disruption or Index Disruption has occurred in relation to such Index, Condition 5.6 shall apply; and 
IMi,t-1 is the closing settlement level in metal terms of the Index applicable to Individual Securities of 
class i for Pricing Day t-1, provided that, if such Pricing Day is a day in respect of which Price Source 
Disruption or Index Disruption has occurred in relation to such Index, Condition 5.6 shall apply. 
5.4 
The Daily Adjustment in respect of each class of Individual Securities for any Pricing Day shall be the 
amount (expressed as a decimal and calculated to five decimal places with 0.000005 rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑫𝑨𝒊,𝒕ൌ൬ 𝑴𝑭𝒊,𝒕
𝑫
൅𝑫𝑯𝑹𝒊,𝒕൰∗𝑵𝒊,𝒕 
where

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
DAi,t 
 
refers to the Daily Adjustment applicable to Individual Securities of class i on Pricing 
Day t; 
i 
 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security;  
t 
 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
MFi,t 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Individual Securities of class i on 
Pricing Day t, expressed as a decimal (so that 39 basis points per annum is expressed 
as 0.0039 and 49 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0049); 
N 
is the number of calendar days between the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t and 
Pricing Day t; 
D 
is the number of calendar days in the calendar year in which Pricing Day t falls; and 
DHRi,t refers to the Daily Hedging Rate for Individual Securities of class i on 
Pricing Day t calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5. 
5.5 
The Daily Hedging Rate in respect of each class of Individual Securities for any Pricing Day shall be the 
amount (expressed as a decimal and calculated to five decimal places with 0.000005 rounded upwards) 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐷𝐻𝑅௜,௧ൌ
∑
𝐻𝑇௨,௜,௧ିଵ
௡
௨ୀଵ
∗𝐻𝑅௨,௜,௧
𝐷
∑
𝐻𝑇௨,௜,௧ିଵ
௡
௨ୀଵ
 
where: 
DHRi,t  
refers to the Daily Hedging Rate for Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t; 
i 
 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
t-1 
 
refers to the Pricing Day prior to Pricing Day t; 
D 
 
is the number of calendar days in the calendar year in which Pricing Day t falls; 
n 
refers to the number of FX Counterparties with whom the Issuer has entered into a 
Metal Adjustment Agreement in respect of class i as at Pricing Day t; 
u 
 
refers to a particular FX Counterparty; 
HTu,i,t-1  
is the total number of Metal Adjustment Contracts that have been entered into with 
FX Counterparty u in respect of Individual Securities of class i on Pricing Day t-1; and 
HRu,i,t  the per annum Hedging Rate applicable to Metal Adjustment Contracts of class i on Pricing 
Day t under the Metal Adjustment Agreement with FX Counterparty u expressed as a decimal (so that 30 
basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0030 and 40 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0040). 
5.6 
If, in consequence of Price Source Disruption or Index Disruption in respect of the Index applicable to 
the Individual Securities of any class and of any Pricing Day, a value calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of any corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts is used in place of the closing settlement 
level of the Index for that Pricing Day for the purposes of calculating the Metal Equivalent of such 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts, then: 
5.6.1 
if there is only one FX Counterparty in respect of such corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts, such value shall be used in place of the closing settlement level of the Index for 
that Pricing Day in Condition 5.3; or 
5.6.2 
if there is more than one FX Counterparty in respect of such corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts, a weighted (by Metal Equivalent) average of the value used (whether

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
a value determined by a Calculation Agent or the actual closing settlement level of the Index 
for that Pricing Day) for the purposes of calculating the Metal Equivalent of all the Metal 
Adjustment Contracts corresponding to Individual Securities of that class (and Basket 
Securities to the extent composed of Individual Securities of that class) shall be used in 
place of the closing settlement level of the Index for that Pricing Day in Condition 5.3, with 
the intent that the aggregate Metal Equivalent of all such corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts should remain the same as the aggregate Metal Entitlement of all such Individual 
Securities on such Pricing Day as it was on the preceding Pricing Day. 
5.7 
Each Basket Security shall be comprised of such proportion of any two or more of Gold Individual 
Securities of any class, Silver Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of any 
class and Palladium Individual Securities of any class, and denominated in any Currency, the Currency 
and proportions of Individual Securities of such classes being as specified in the Final Terms relating to 
the first issue of Basket Securities of that category. The Metal Entitlement of a Basket Security of any 
category is equal to the sum of the Metal Entitlements of the number of Individual Securities of each 
class of which it is comprised. 
6. REDEMPTION OF CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES 
6.1 
Redemption Entitlement 
6.1.1 
Each Currency-Hedged Metal Security shall carry a right on redemption to delivery in 
Bullion on the applicable Settlement Date of an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement 
(rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case of gold)) 
calculated as at the applicable Redemption Notice Date provided that if such Currency- 
Hedged Metal Security is to be Redeemed by Metal Sale, such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security shall be redeemed by the sale of an amount of Bullion equal to such Metal 
Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case of 
gold), to the Relevant Metal Sale Counterparty in accordance with the relevant Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement and paying to the Security Holder in cash in US Dollars the net 
proceeds of sale actually realised by the Issuer from such sale in accordance with Condition 
6.12 (Metal Sale) after deduction of the Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 9 
(Redemption Fee). 
6.1.2 
If in respect of any Pool there is more than one Secured Allocated Account and more than 
one Secured Unallocated Account, for the purposes of Redemption of any Individual 
Securities (and any Basket Securities to the extent they are comprised of that class of 
Individual Securities) to which that Pool relates, the Issuer may designate from which such 
Secured Metal Account(s) Bullion shall be transferred and shall notify the Security Trustee 
in writing of such designation. 
6.1.3 
If in respect of any Pool there is more than one Metal Sale Counterparty then for the 
purposes of any Metal Sale in respect of the Individual Securities (and any Basket 
Securities to the extent that they are comprised of that class of Individual Securities) to 
which that Pool relates, the Issuer may designate to which such Metal Sale Counterparty 
Bullion shall be sold and shall notify the Security Trustee in writing of such designation. 
6.2 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) 
require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by 
delivery of Bullion in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption) by 
lodging with the Issuer a valid Redemption Form.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
6.3 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
A Security Holder which is not also an Authorised Participant may only require the Issuer to 
Redeem all or any part of its holdings of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities if, either: 
6.3.1 
on any Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder lodges on 
such day a valid Redemption Form; or 
6.3.2 
the Issuer has announced through a RIS in respect of any Business Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits on a Business Day a valid notice 
in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption of such Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. Any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions, and 
any notice requesting any Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall 
not be valid. 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities will be effected by a Metal Sale in accordance with Condition 6.12 (Metal Sale) 
unless the Security Holder in its Redemption Form certifies that it is not a UCITS Fund and 
specifies an unallocated account with a member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a 
Basket Security, one or more unallocated accounts with one or more members of the Relevant 
Associations) into which the relevant Bullion can be deposited, in which case, unless paragraph 
6.12.1(a) applies, Redemption will be effected by delivery of Bullion in accordance with Condition 
6.11 (Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption). A Security Holder desiring to Redeem Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities pursuant to this Condition must deliver the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them into an appropriate CREST 
account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in 
CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise delivering such 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). Redemption 
Forms will not be treated as having been lodged until the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
be Redeemed have been so delivered to the Issuer.  
6.4 
Redemption Notice 
A Redemption Form: 
6.4.1 
must specify the number and type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be Redeemed; 
6.4.2 
must relate to only one type of Individual Security or Basket Security; 
6.4.3 
must be signed by, or by an authorised signatory on behalf of, the Security Holder; and 
6.4.4 
except where Metal Sale applies, must specify the Security Holder Account, 
and is irrevocable once it has been lodged with the Issuer. 
6.5 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Form from a Security Holder in relation to any Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities, the Issuer shall do all things necessary to give effect to the Redemption Form as 
required by this Condition 6 (Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
6.6 
A Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
6.6.1 
if lodged by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant unless, on that Business 
Day, there are no Authorised Participants or Condition 6.3.2 applies; 
6.6.2 
in the case of a Redemption Form lodged by an Authorised Participant if it is received by the 
Issuer at any time other than between 8.00 a.m. and 2.00 p.m. on a Pricing Day unless the 
Issuer agrees to treat such Redemption Form as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next 
following Pricing Day pursuant to Condition 6.9;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
6.6.3 
to the extent that the number of Individual Securities of that class (including Basket Securities 
to the extent comprised of that class) or including any other class or classes to be Redeemed 
would result in a Redemption Limit being exceeded, and the relevant FX Counterparty does (or 
FX Counterparties do) not agree to that Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such 
Redemption Form will not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 6.6.3 in respect 
of the greatest number of Individual Securities of the relevant class or classes (and Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of Individual Securities of such class or classes) that would 
not result in the Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
6.6.4 
if it relates to the Redemption of any Currency Hedged Metal Securities that are the subject of 
a Listing Failure; 
6.6.5 
if it is invalid pursuant to Condition 6.15.3, Condition 6.16.3, Condition 6.17.3 or Condition 
6.18.3; 
6.6.6 
if it does not satisfy each and all of Conditions 6.4.1 to 6.4.4; 
6.6.7 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer), 
Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption by the Trustee on FX Counterparty Event of Default or 
Issuer Insolvency Event) or Condition 7.4 (Compulsory Redemption on a fall in Value Relative 
to Principal Amount) to redeem such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities compulsorily or a 
Compulsory Redemption Date is to occur under Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Enforcement of Security by FX Counterparty), if the Redemption Form is received or deemed 
received on or after: 
(a) 
where notice has been given in accordance with Condition 7.1, the third London 
Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
where notice has been given under Condition 7.2 or Condition 7.4, the date on which 
notice was given; or 
(c) 
where a Compulsory Redemption Date is to occur under Condition 7.3, the Notification 
Date. 
and no Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the relevant type shall be Redeemed in respect 
of or under that Redemption Form; 
6.6.8 
to the extent that any of the following events has occurred and is continuing, namely: 
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default or an Issuer Potential Event of Default; 
(b) 
an event which is or, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or 
both, would become a Termination Event in respect of the Issuer in 
relation to the Metal Adjustment Contracts of the class(es) 
corresponding to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be 
Redeemed; 
(c) 
a FX Counterparty Event of Default or a FX Counterparty Event of 
Default in respect of any FX Counterparty with Metal Adjustment 
Contracts of the class(es) corresponding to the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities to be Redeemed; 
(d) 
an event which is or, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or 
both, would become a Termination Event in respect of any FX 
Counterparty in relation to the Metal Adjustment Contracts of the 
class(es) corresponding to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
be Redeemed; or 
(e) 
a Disruption Event (other than Price Source Disruption) in respect of 
the Pricing Day on which the Redemption Form is received or deemed 
received and the Index relating to the Metal Adjustment Contracts of 
the class(es) corresponding to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
to be Redeemed,

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
and (A) the Issuer does not (in the case of any event mentioned in (c) or (d) above) agree with a 
FX Counterparty or (B) the relevant FX Counterparty (being the FX Counterparty to whom a 
Cancellation Notice (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Agreement) has been delivered under a 
Metal Adjustment Agreement for the purposes of the Redemption intended to be effected 
pursuant to such Redemption Form, as determined in its absolute discretion by the Issuer) does 
not (in the case of an event mentioned in (a), (b) or (e) above), agree to the cancellation of the 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts and to meet its obligations under such Metal 
Adjustment Contracts notwithstanding such event. 
6.7 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the Security Holder lodging 
that Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably possible and shall not be obliged to Redeem 
pursuant to that Redemption Form any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The Issuer shall not be obliged to 
Redeem pursuant to a Redemption Form any Currency Hedged Metal Securities where the relevant FX 
Counterparty has not confirmed the cancellation of corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Metal Adjustment Documentation. 
6.8 
If the Issuer in its absolute discretion considers it necessary or desirable to do so in relation to any Redemption 
Form for the purpose of arranging (in aggregate) the cancellation of corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts in accordance with Metal Adjustment Documentation with two or more FX Counterparties or to 
enable such Redemption Form to be settled in part in accordance with Condition 10 (Satisfaction of 
Redemption Forms by Transfer), or both, the Issuer may determine that the Redemption Form be deemed to 
comprise two or more deemed Redemption Forms, such deemed Redemption Forms relating to, in aggregate, 
the same numbers and types of Currency Hedged Metal Securities as those to which the original Redemption 
Form related; and these Conditions shall apply to such deemed Redemption Form accordingly. If the Issuer 
determines to exercise its right to deem a Redemption Form to comprise two or more deemed Redemption 
Forms it shall notify the Security Holder giving that Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably 
possible. 
6.9 
Where a Redemption Form is received by the Issuer on a Pricing Day after 2.00 p.m., the Issuer may (but 
shall not be obliged to) agree to treat that Redemption Form as being received at 8.00 a.m. on the next 
following Pricing Day. 
6.10 The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Forms on five days’ prior 
notice by RIS announcement and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions to the extent 
of any such variation. 
6.11 Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption 
6.11.1 Where Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are required to be redeemed by delivery of Bullion, 
the Issuer shall direct the Security Trustee to instruct the Relevant Custodian to transfer Bullion 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities in an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, calculated as at the Redemption Notice Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 
troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), from the Secured Metal Accounts to the 
relevant Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account on the Settlement Date. 
6.11.2 From the relevant Settlement Date, all title to and risks in such Bullion shall pass to the holder 
of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. None of the Security Trustee, the Trustee and the 
Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Relevant Custodian to effect a delivery 
of Bullion in accordance with the instructions of the Security Trustee as directed by the Issuer. 
However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the 
redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims of 
such Security Holder in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be redeemed and 
the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
6.11.3 The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed 
shall be satisfied by transferring the Metal Entitlement in accordance with the provisions of this

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Condition 6.11. Where an amount due under a Metal Adjustment Contract in respect of a 
Security Holder’s Metal Entitlement is received in cash rather than Bullion, payment of such 
cash to the Security Holder shall be deemed to satisfy the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the proportionate part of the Metal Entitlement. 
6.12 Metal Sale 
6.12.1 Metal Sale will apply: 
(a) 
if through no fault of the Issuer any Bullion to which the holder of such Currency- 
Hedged Metal Security is entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered and is 
not claimed by such holder by the thirtieth calendar day after that on which attempted 
delivery was made (in which event, subject to Condition 6.12.2(a), the Metal 
Entitlement will be calculated as of such thirtieth calendar day or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the next Business Day thereafter); or 
(b) 
in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) where there 
is no Authorised Participant or the Security Holder is not an Authorised Participant and 
is Redeeming in circumstances where such Redemption is permitted in accordance 
with Condition 6.3.2. 
6.12.2 If in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) or Condition 
6.12.1(a), Metal Sale is applicable to a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the 
Issuer will direct the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
(on behalf of the Issuer) to give notice under the Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement to sell on the Metal Sale Date (or, in the case of Metal Sale 
pursuant to Condition 6.12.1(a), the first Business Day after the expiry of the 
period of 30 days therein referred to) to the Relevant Metal Sale Counterparty 
pursuant to the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement an amount of Bullion 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed, calculated as at 
the Redemption Notice Date (or, in the case of Metal Sale pursuant to 
Condition 6.12.1(a), the thirtieth calendar day (or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the next Business Day thereafter) therein referred to), rounded down to 
the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), for 
settlement on the Settlement Date (or, in the case of Metal Sale pursuant to 
Condition 6.12.1(a), the third Business Day after the thirtieth calendar day 
therein referred to). If such third Business Day is not an LPPM Value Date or 
an LBMA Value Date or the Relevant Custodian determines that de-allocation 
of the relevant Bullion will not be completed on such third Business Day, the 
proviso to Condition 6.13 (Settlement Date) shall apply to such third Business 
Day in both this paragraph (a) and Condition 6.12.1(a) as it applies to a 
Settlement Date; 
(b) 
to instruct the Relevant Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) to deliver such 
Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts to the relevant Metal Sale 
Counterparty Account on the Settlement Date (or other Settlement Date 
specified in paragraph (a)) against payment of the proceeds of sale realised 
from the sale of Bullion to an account or accounts nominated by the Security 
Trustee; and 
(c) 
to remit such proceeds in US Dollars (less any Redemption Fee in accordance 
with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee), which the Security Trustee will pay to 
such account of the Issuer as the Issuer may direct and less the Security 
Trustee’s fees and the Trustee’s fees and expenses (if any)) to the relevant 
Security Holder through CREST or, in the case of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities in Certificated Form, by cheque or warrant made payable to the 
Security Holder and sent by post at the risk of the Security Holder, subject (in 
the case of Redemption by Metal Sale in accordance with Condition 6.12.1(a)) 
to the Security Holder having delivered the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
to be Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them into an appropriate 
CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of 
payment instructions in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them 
to the Issuer (or otherwise having delivered such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). If the Security Holder 
fails to deposit the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities into an appropriate 
CREST account and give correct delivery free of payment instructions in 
CREST or otherwise so deliver the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the 
Issuer, the Issuer may retain the proceeds otherwise payable until the Security 
Holder has so deposited or delivered the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities 
and then remit such proceeds (without interest, which shall be for the account 
of the Issuer) to the Security Holder in accordance with this Condition. 
6.12.3 If Metal Sale applies the holder of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed 
acknowledges and agrees: 
(a) 
to accept the proceeds of sale actually realised from the sale of the relevant 
Bullion (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 9 
(Redemption Fee) and less the Security Trustee’s and Trustee’s fees and 
expenses (if any)) in full settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in 
respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
(b) 
that none of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Trustee make any 
representations or warranties as to the price at which Bullion will be sold or 
the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Bullion; and 
(c) 
that none of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Trustee shall be liable for 
any failure by the Relevant Metal Sale Counterparty in respect of any sale of 
Bullion pursuant to any Metal Sale transaction, but in the event of any such 
failure, the Issuer shall direct the Security Trustee to the extent practicable to 
assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion 
in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities to be Redeemed and the Security Holder shall have 
no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
6.13 Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 6, the Settlement Date (on which 
Redemption shall be effective) shall be (i) in the case of a Redemption in respect of which the 
Redemption Notice Date is prior to the T+2 Implementation Date, the third Business Day following 
such Redemption Notice Date or (ii) in the case of a Redemption in respect of which the 
Redemption Notice Date is on or after the T+2 Implementation Date, the second Business Day 
following such Redemption Notice Date, provided in each case that: 
6.13.1 in the case of the Redemption of Platinum Individual Securities and Palladium Individual 
Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of such classes of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) by Metal Sale, if such day is not an LPPM Value Date, the 
Settlement Date will be the next LPPM Value Date; 
6.13.2 in the case of the Redemption of Silver Individual Securities and Gold Individual Securities (and 
any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of such classes of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities) by Metal Sale, if such day is not an LBMA Value Date, the Settlement Date will be 
the next LBMA Value Date; 
6.13.3 in the case of the Redemption of any category of Basket Securities comprised partly of Platinum 
Individual Securities and/or Palladium Individual Securities and partly of Silver Individual 
Securities and/or Gold Individual Securities by Metal Sale, if such day is not both an LPPM 
Value Date and an LBMA Value Date, the Settlement Date will be the next day that is both an 
LPPM Value Date and an LBMA Value Date; and

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
6.13.4 if the Relevant Custodian determines that de-allocation of the relevant Bullion will not be 
completed on the date which would, but for this Condition 6.13.4, be the Settlement Date, the 
Settlement Date will be such later date on which de-allocation is completed. 
6.14 Notwithstanding Condition 6.13 (Settlement Date), if the Issuer is unable to satisfy all valid Redemption Forms 
in respect of any type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities because a FX Counterparty has unsettled 
obligations in respect of Bullion of the relevant type (whether or not such obligations are then due for 
settlement), the Issuer may satisfy valid Redemption Forms to the extent it is able to do so and defer 
settlement of the others until it is able to satisfy them, and for this purpose shall satisfy Redemption Forms in 
the order of delivery to the Issuer. 
6.15 Suspension of Redemptions while Value below Principal Amount 
If on any Pricing Day the value of the Metal Entitlement (determined on such reasonable basis as 
the Issuer shall consider appropriate) of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any type is below 
the Principal Amount of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of that type, the Issuer may at any 
time and from time to time while the value of the Metal Entitlement of a Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security of that type is below such Principal Amount determine to suspend the right to Redeem 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type and, subject as provided in this Condition 6.15, 
may terminate any such suspension. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer 
determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
6.15.1 the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
6.15.2 any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 days, 
and may continue thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a 
meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose of 
considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal 
Amount to a level less than the value of the Metal Entitlement (determined on such reasonable 
basis as the Issuer shall consider appropriate) of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of the 
relevant type, in which event the suspension will cease when the meeting (or any adjournment 
thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes alternative 
provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution; 
6.15.3 any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Redemption Notice Date for which had 
passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form lodged or deemed 
received on a Business Day when the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
that type is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid; and 
6.15.4 if the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal of any type or types is suspended pursuant to 
this Condition as at 6.30 p.m. on the second Business Day prior to a Compulsory Redemption 
Date for that type pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer) or Condition 
7.3 (Compulsory Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX Counterparty), then 
notwithstanding that a number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type or types may 
have been specified pursuant to that Condition which is not all of those Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities, such Compulsory Redemption Date shall be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all 
of the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities of that type or types. 
6.16 Suspension of Redemptions while Division of Pool being considered 
If the Issuer is considering exercising its power under Condition 15.3 to divide any Pool, or has 
determined to exercise such power, it may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Individual 
Securities of the class attributable to such Pool (and any Basket Securities comprised of Individual 
Securities of that class) and, subject as provided in this Condition 6.16, may terminate any such 
suspension. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers 
under this Condition:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
6.16.1 the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
6.16.2 any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 days 
but (without prejudice to Condition 7.6 (Redemption Forms Not to be Effective Once Notice of 
Compulsory Redemption Given)) shall terminate when either the Issuer has determined to divide 
such Pool and such division has become effective or the Issuer has announced via an RIS that 
it has determined not to divide such Pool; and 
6.16.3 any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Redemption Notice Date for which had 
passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form lodged or deemed 
received on a Business Day when the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
that type is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid. 
6.17 Suspension of Redemptions during Bullion Settlement Disruption 
If any day is a Bullion Settlement Disruption Day in respect of any Index, the Issuer may determine 
to suspend the right to Redeem the Individual Securities of the class to which such Index relates 
(and any Basket Securities comprised of Individual Securities of that class) and, subject as 
provided in this Condition 6.17, may terminate any such suspension. The following provisions 
shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
6.17.1 the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
6.17.2 any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to ten Pricing 
Days but (without prejudice to Condition 7.6 (Redemption Forms Not to be Effective Once Notice 
of Compulsory Redemption Given)) shall terminate on the first Pricing Day following the 
commencement of such suspension which is a Bullion Business Day and not a Bullion 
Settlement Disruption Day; and 
6.17.3 any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Redemption Notice Date for which had 
passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form lodged or deemed 
received on a Business Day when the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
that type is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid. 
6.18 Suspension of Redemptions during FX Counterparty Event of Default 
If there is a FX Counterparty Event of Default in respect of any FX Counterparty with which the 
Issuer has Metal Adjustment Contracts corresponding to any class of Individual Securities, the 
Issuer may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Individual Securities of such class (and 
any Basket Securities comprised of Individual Securities of that class) and, subject as provided 
in this Condition 6.18, may terminate any such suspension. The following provisions shall apply 
where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
6.18.1 the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
6.18.2 any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 Pricing 
Days but (without prejudice to Condition 7.6 (Redemption Forms Not to be Effective Once Notice 
of Compulsory Redemption Given)) shall terminate when either the Issuer has determined to 
divide such Pool and such division has become effective or the Issuer has announced via an 
RIS that it has determined not to divide such Pool; and

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
6.18.3 any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Redemption Notice Date for which had 
passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption Form lodged or deemed 
received on a Business Day when the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
that type is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid. 
7. COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
7.1 
Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time: 
7.1.1 
(upon not less than one day’s notice in the case of (a) below and upon not less than 30 days’ 
notice in the case of (b) below) by RIS announcement nominate a Business Day to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date for all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, or 
all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more type, on which 
such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall be Redeemed, if: 
(a) notice is given by either party thereto terminating a Metal Adjustment Agreement or nominating a 
Compulsory Cancellation Date thereunder in respect of one or more Metal Adjustment Contracts 
created thereunder; or 
(b) the Issuer elects to Redeem all or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, or all or 
some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more type; 
7.1.2 
by RIS announcement nominate a Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all 
or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more type, if an Early 
Termination Date has been set in relation to a corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract under 
an ISDA Master Agreement (provided that such Compulsory Redemption Date shall be no earlier 
than such Early Termination Date); and 
7.1.3 
by RIS announcement nominate a Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all 
or some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any one or more type if, as the result 
of an Index Disruption, Additional Disruption or Hedging Disruption/Change in Law, all or some 
of the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts are terminated under the terms of the 
Disruption Fallback applicable to such Disruption Event, 
and where the Issuer elects to Redeem some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of 
any type, the Issuer shall Redeem from each Security Holder in accordance with Condition 7.11 
(Compulsory Redemptions) a number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such type held by 
such Security Holder calculated on a pro rata basis (in the case of Basket Securities such number 
by reference to the Individual Securities of which they are comprised as if a holder of Basket 
Securities were the holder of the Individual Securities of which they are comprised and any 
balancing Individual Securities also Redeemed) to holdings on the relevant Register as at the 
Compulsory Redemption Date in proportion to the number of such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities held by such Security Holder relative to those held by all other Security Holders and, 
where such calculation would not give rise to a whole number, rounded up to the nearest whole 
number, 
provided that (i) notice given under paragraph 7.1.1(a) of greater than seven days may be 
withdrawn until the date not later than seven days prior to the date nominated to be the 
Compulsory Redemption Date so long as there remains in effect at least one Metal Adjustment 
Agreement pursuant to which subsequent to that date corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
in relation to such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (or in relation to the same class or classes 
as the Individual Securities of which Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type or types are 
comprised) may be created and (ii) the Compulsory Redemption Date nominated in any notice 
given under paragraph 7.1.1(a) or under Condition 7.1.2 or Condition 7.1.3 may be amended by 
further such notice if the occurrence of another event or events within the scope of paragraph 
7.1.1(a) or under Condition 7.1.2 or Condition 7.1.3 would result in Metal Adjustment Contracts 
corresponding to the type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which were the subject of the 
original notice being so terminated with effect on a date prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date 
nominated in the original notice.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Any nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date by the Issuer under this Condition 7.1 in 
relation to less than all of the Currency-Hedged Metal of a particular type is subject to Condition 
6.15 (Suspension of Redemptions while Value below Principal Amount). 
7.2 
Compulsory Redemption by the Trustee on FX Counterparty Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency 
Event 
If a FX Counterparty Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by 
Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the affected Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Security Holders holding affected Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as a single class), the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction, give notice 
to the Issuer and by RIS announcement to the Security Holders that all the affected Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities outstanding are to be Redeemed compulsorily and specifying a 
Business Day (falling not less than two Business Days from the giving of such notice) to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. For this 
purpose “affected Currency-Hedged Metal Securities” means, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all of them, and, in the context of a FX Counterparty Event of Default, those 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include rights 
against that particular FX Counterparty. 
7.3 
Compulsory Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX Counterparty 
If: 
7.3.1 
an FX Counterparty Enforcement Event in relation to any FX Counterparty (the “Relevant FX 
Counterparty”) has occurred and is continuing; and 
7.3.2 
the Relevant FX Counterparty has instructed the Security Trustee in writing to enforce its security 
under the Security Deed to which the Relevant FX Counterparty is a party; and 
7.3.3 
the Security Trustee has notified the Trustee that it has received such notice and has been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction in accordance with the 
provisions of such Security Deed (the date of such notice, the “Notification Date”), 
a Compulsory Redemption Date shall automatically occur on the Pricing Day falling 20 Pricing 
Days from the Notification Date in respect of all types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in 
respect of which the Issuer has corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts with the Relevant FX 
Counterparty, provided that, if in respect of any class of Individual Securities there are 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts with at least one FX Counterparty that is not a 
Relevant FX Counterparty, only such number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of each type 
(in the case of Basket Securities such number by reference to the Individual Securities of which 
they are comprised as if a holder of Basket Securities were the holder of the Individual Securities 
of which they are comprised) as correspond to the Metal Adjustment Contracts with the Relevant 
FX Counterparty shall be Redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and accordingly a number of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such type held by each Security Holder shall be Redeemed 
in accordance with Condition 7.11 (Compulsory Redemptions), calculated on a pro rata basis (in 
the case of Basket Securities such number by reference to the Individual Securities of which they 
are comprised as if a holder of Basket Securities were the holder of the Individual Securities of 
which they are comprised and any balancing Individual Securities also Redeemed) to holdings 
on the relevant Register as at the Compulsory Redemption Date in proportion to the number of 
such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by such Security Holder relative to those held by all 
other Security Holders and, where such calculation would not give rise to a whole number, 
rounded up to the nearest whole number. 
Any Compulsory Redemption Date occurring under this Condition 7.3 in relation to less than all 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal of a particular type is subject to Condition 6.15 (Suspension of 
Redemptions while Value below Principal Amount).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
7.4 
Compulsory Redemption on a fall in Value Relative to Principal Amount 
If on any Pricing Day the value of the Metal Entitlement (determined on such reasonable basis as 
the Issuer shall consider appropriate) of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security of any type falls to 
2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Currency-Hedged Metal Security or below, the Issuer may 
at any time, for so long as such value continues to be less than 2.5 times the Principal Amount of 
such Currency-Hedged Metal Security and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less 
than two days’ notice by RIS announcement nominate a Business Day to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date in respect of that type of Currency-Hedged Metal Security. The right to 
nominate a Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 7.4 
shall cease if an Extraordinary Resolution is passed which has the effect of reducing the Principal 
Amount to a level less than two-fifths of the value of the Metal Entitlement (determined on such 
reasonable basis as the Issuer shall consider appropriate) of a Currency- Hedged Metal Security 
of the relevant type, but this is without prejudice to any subsequent nomination pursuant to this 
Condition if on any Pricing Day the value of the Metal Entitlement (determined on such reasonable 
basis as the Issuer shall consider appropriate) of a Currency- Hedged Metal Security of that type 
falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount (as so reduced) of such Currency-Hedged Metal Security 
or below. 
7.5 
Compulsory Redemption Not to Apply where Certain Notices Given 
If in respect of any Currency Hedged Metal Securities a Compulsory Redemption Date is 
nominated by the Issuer and, prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date, the Issuer has either: 
(a) determined to divide a Pool to which outstanding corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
created under that Metal Adjustment Agreement are attributable by allocating all such Metal 
Adjustment Contracts to the New Pool in accordance with Condition 15.3; or 
(b) announced by an RIS its intention to do so or that it is considering doing so, 
the Issuer may determine that the Redemption shall not apply to the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities attributable to that Pool but shall apply (mutatis mutandis) to the New Individual 
Securities and New Basket Securities attributable to such new Pool and otherwise on the basis 
of this Condition 7. If in the case of paragraph (b) such division shall not have become effective 
within 30 days of such announcement, this Condition shall cease to have effect. The Issuer shall 
give notice of any determination made pursuant to this Condition 7.5 via an RIS as soon as 
practicable, but failure to give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of its powers 
hereunder. 
7.6 
Redemption Forms Not to be Effective Once Notice of Compulsory Redemption Given 
If a Metal Adjustment Agreement has been terminated, or notice of an Early Termination Date 
thereunder by reason of a FX Counterparty Event of Default has been given, then no further 
Redemption Forms in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities attributable to a Pool to which 
outstanding Metal Adjustment Contracts created under that Metal Adjustment Agreement are 
attributable, given on or after the date of such termination or given or deemed given after the date 
of such notice shall be effective unless and until whichever occurs earlier of: 
(a) the Issuer has determined to divide such Pool as referred to in Condition 7.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption Not to Apply where Certain Notices Given) and such division has become 
effective; and 
the Issuer has announced by an RIS that Redemption Forms given after, or on or after, the date 
specified in such announcement will be effective, the date determined in accordance with such 
announcement. Any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions and any 
Redemption Form which would not be effective in the absence of such announcement shall 
not be effective if it is not in accordance with such conditions. 
7.7 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Security Holder that 
any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by that Security Holder are to be Redeemed 
compulsorily and specifying a Business Day (being not less than seven days and not more than

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
fourteen days following the date of the notice) to be the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect 
of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, if: 
7.7.1 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status 
of Security Holders) to certify whether or not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the 
Security Holder did not by the date specified in the notice given under Condition 11 provide such 
a certification to the Issuer in the form and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security 
Holder certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
7.7.2 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 11 to certify whether or not 
it is a Prohibited US Person and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date specified in the notice 
given under Condition 11 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and executed in 
the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited US Person; or 
7.7.3 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are 
or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or 
requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, or (b) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership 
or holding of those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with 
any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders 
which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph 7.7.1(i) or sub- 
paragraph 7.7.2(i) so failed to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph 7.7.1(ii) 
or sub-paragraph 7.7.2(ii) certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US 
Person, in each case in respect of some only of the Currency-Hedged Metal  Securities held by 
it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall relate only to those Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities (and not any other Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by that Security 
Holder). 
7.8 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.7 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) 
provides to the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date specified pursuant 
to Condition 7.7 proof required by the Issuer that its Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have been transferred 
to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities referred to in that notice shall not be Redeemed under these Conditions. 
7.9 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.7 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) 
does not provide to the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date specified 
pursuant to Condition 7.7 proof required by the Issuer that its Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have been 
transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that 
Security Holder and the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported transfer of those Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. 
7.10 The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration taken or 
made in accordance with this Condition 7. The exercise of the powers conferred by this Condition 7 shall not 
be questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence of direct or 
beneficial ownership or holding of the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities, or any other grounds save that such 
powers shall have been exercised in good faith. 
7.11 Compulsory Redemptions 
7.11.1 If notice is given to Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities compulsorily pursuant to 
Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer), Condition 7.2 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Trustee on FX Counterparty Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency 
Event), Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Counterparty), Condition 7.4 (Compulsory Redemption on a fall in Value Relative to 
Principal Amount) or Condition 7.7 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause): 
(a) 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities the Security Holder of which is an Authorised 
Participant; and 
(b) 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities the Security Holder of which has, on or prior to the 
Compulsory Redemption Date, certified that it is not a UCITS Fund and specified an 
unallocated account with a member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a 
Basket Security, one or more unallocated accounts with one or more members of the 
Relevant Associations) into which the relevant Bullion can be deposited, 
shall be Redeemed by Metal Delivery. All other Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be so 
Redeemed shall be Redeemed by Metal Sale. 
7.11.2 In relation to any Compulsory Redemption, the Compulsory Settlement Date (on which 
Redemption shall be effective) shall be the second Business Day following the applicable 
Compulsory Metal Sale Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1) or the second 
Business Day following the applicable Compulsory Redemption Date (in the case of Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.7), provided that: 
(a) 
in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or 
Condition 7.7, if the Metal Sale Counterparty notifies the Trustee that sale of Bullion of 
that type (or of each relevant type where more than one type of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security is being Redeemed) cannot be effected on the Relevant Market on that day, 
then for the purposes of determining the Compulsory Settlement Date, the Compulsory 
Redemption Date shall be treated as having been postponed to the immediately 
following Business Day; 
(b) 
in the case where only Platinum Individual Securities and/or Palladium Individual 
Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of Platinum 
Individual Securities and/or Palladium Individual Securities) are to be Redeemed 
(whether by Metal Delivery or Metal Sale), if such day is not an LPPM Value Date, the 
Compulsory Settlement Date will be the next LPPM Value Date; 
(c) 
in the case where only Silver Individual Securities and/or Gold Individual Securities (and 
any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of Platinum Individual Securities 
and/or Palladium Individual Securities) are to be Redeemed (whether by Metal Delivery 
or Metal Sale), if such day is not an LBMA Value Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date 
will be the next LBMA Value Date; 
(d) 
in any other case, if such day is not both an LPPM Value Date and an LBMA Value 
Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be the next day that is both an LPPM Value 
Date and an LBMA Value Date; and 
(e) 
if the Relevant Custodian determines that de-allocation of the relevant Bullion will not 
be completed on the date which would, but for this paragraph (e), be the Compulsory 
Settlement Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be such later date on which de-
allocation is completed. 
7.11.3 In relation to any Compulsory Redemption to be effected by Metal Delivery in accordance 
with these Conditions, the provisions of Condition 6.11 (Delivery of Bullion upon 
Redemption) shall apply save that references in that Condition to the Redemption Notice 
Date shall be replaced by references to the Compulsory Redemption Date and references 
in that Condition to the Settlement Date shall be replaced by references to the Compulsory 
Settlement Date. 
7.11.4 In relation to any Compulsory Redemption to be effected by Metal Sale in accordance with 
these Conditions, the Issuer will direct the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
(on behalf of the Issuer) to give notice under the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement to 
sell on the Compulsory Metal Sale Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.1) or the Compulsory Redemption Date (in the case of Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.7) to the Relevant

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement an amount 
of Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities being Redeemed equal to the aggregate Metal 
Entitlement of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, calculated as at the Compulsory 
Redemption Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in 
the case of gold), for settlement on the Compulsory Settlement Date; 
(b) 
to instruct the Relevant Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) to deliver such Bullion from 
the Secured Metal Accounts to the Metal Sale Counterparty Account on the Compulsory 
Settlement Date against payment of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of 
Bullion to an account or accounts nominated by the Security Trustee; and 
(c) 
to remit such proceeds in US Dollars (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Redemption Fee) which the Security Trustee will pay to such account of 
the Issuer as the Issuer may direct and less any fees and expenses of the Security 
Trustee and Trustee incurred in connection with such sale (if any)) to the relevant 
Security Holder through CREST or, in the case of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in 
Certificated Form, by cheque or warrant made payable to the Security Holder and sent 
by post at the risk of the Security Holder, in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.7 to the Security Holder having delivered the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them into an appropriate 
CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of payment 
instructions in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or 
otherwise having delivered such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer by 
agreement with the Issuer). If the Security Holder fails to deposit the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities into an appropriate CREST account and give correct delivery free of 
payment instructions in CREST or otherwise so deliver the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities to the Issuer, the Issuer may retain the proceeds otherwise payable until the 
Security Holder has so deposited or delivered the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities 
and then remit such proceeds (without interest, which shall be for the account of the 
Issuer) to the Security Holder in accordance with this Condition. 
7.11.5 The provisions of Condition 6.12.3 shall apply to Redemption by Metal Sale pursuant to 
Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, Condition 7.3, Condition 7.4 or Condition 7.7 as they do to 
Redemption by Metal Sale pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities). 
7.11.6 Notwithstanding Condition 7.11.2, if the Issuer is unable to satisfy its Redemption 
Obligations in full in respect of the Compulsory Redemption of any type of Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities because a FX Counterparty has unsettled obligations in respect of 
Bullion of the relevant type (whether or not such obligations are then due for settlement), 
the Issuer may elect to defer settlement until it is able to satisfy its Redemption Obligations 
in full or may elect to satisfy such Redemption Obligations in part and defer settlement of the 
balance on such basis as it may in its absolute discretion determine. 
8. SETTLEMENT AND REDEMPTION OBLIGATIONS 
8.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been lodged for the Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, 
the Security Holder which holds those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are the subject of that 
Redemption must, by 8.00 a.m. on the Settlement Date, deposit the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities 
in question into an appropriate CREST account, give correct instructions in accordance with the 
Redemption Form if they were in Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities to be Redeemed and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the 
Issuer may agree if they are in Certificated Form. Once a valid Redemption Form is lodged in respect of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in respect of which it was 
given may not be transferred by the Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to 
recognise any subsequent transfer of any of those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
8.2 
Subject as provided in Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders), failure by a Security Holder to 
deposit those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities into an appropriate CREST account, give correct 
instructions shall not invalidate the Redemption of those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Where 
settlement of a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security 
Holder to deposit the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or 
give correct instructions or otherwise deliver such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and any certificates 
representing them in a manner agreed by the Issuer the Security Holder shall not be entitled to receive any 
interest in respect of late delivery of the Metal Entitlement or other amounts due. If the Security Holder fails 
to deliver such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method 
agreed with the Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled to deliver the Metal Entitlement (or other amount due) to 
the Trustee (to be held on trust for the Security Holder in accordance with the Trust Instrument), and to cancel 
the entry in the Register in respect of those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
8.3 
Where Individual or Basket Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) or Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee), the 
Issuer shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce 
(or fine troy ounce in the use of gold)) or payment of any other amount due (less the Redemption Fee, if 
applicable) into the applicable Security Holder Account or other payment in accordance with Condition 27 
(Payment Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities being Redeemed. 
8.4 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that the Issuer may have to withhold or deduct from the 
payment that corresponds to the Redemption Form an amount for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority 
thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any form or document to be delivered by 
beneficial owners of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities that may allow the Issuer to make such payment 
without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at a reduced rate. If such 
forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the relevant Security Holder or if it is not the beneficial 
owner of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by such Security Holder and which are to be redeemed, 
such beneficial owner, then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to 
pay or deliver or to procure the payment or delivery of the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 
0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case of gold)) or other amount due to that Security Holder will also 
be reduced) by the amount of the withholding or deduction. 
9. REDEMPTION FEE 
9.1 
Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to Redeem 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the Metal Entitlement 
or other amount due to the Security Holder on Redemption and that if it does not the Security Holder of such 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such Redemption 
in accordance with this Condition 9. The Issuer may offset the amount of the Redemption Fee payable 
hereunder against the Metal Entitlement or other amount due to the Security Holder on Redemption. 
9.2 
On a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the 
Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement to be payable, 
or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that Authorised Participant at the time of the 
Redemption, regardless of the number of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities being redeemed. 
9.3 
On a Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant (where there are no Authorised Participants), the Redemption Fee shall be an amount 
equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption request, which shall be notified to the Security 
Holder at the time of the Redemption being not greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified 
through a RIS.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
9.4 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by the Issuer or the Trustee, the 
Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation to the Redemption, 
including the costs of enquiries under Condition 11 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) and the cost 
of giving notices under Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) being not greater than 
£500 or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are subject to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and 
their allocation to particular Security Holders, at the time of the Redemption. 
 
10. SATISFACTION OF REDEMPTION FORMS BY TRANSFER 
The Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate 
number of Currency Hedged Metal Securities to one or more Authorised Participant(s) from Security 
Holder(s) seeking Redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the 
Security Holder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number(s) of 
Currency Hedged Metal Securities provided that the amount of Bullion to be delivered to the Security Holder 
shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Metal Entitlement (less the Redemption Fee) and the relevant 
Settlement Date will be the date of the transfer(s). 
11. ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
11.1 The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security Holder 
requiring that Security Holder: 
11.1.1 to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) falling fifteen London 
Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement 
to that Security Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or Prohibited US Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and type of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or 
Prohibited US Person); and 
11.1.2 if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by it), to provide to the 
Issuer by the Investor Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the 
manner determined by the Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or 
not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a 
Prohibited US Person in respect of certain Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by it, 
specifying the number and type of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in respect of which it 
is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or is, and is not, a Prohibited US Person). 
11.1.3 The Issuer may provide to any FX Counterparty copies of any enquiries made by it under 
this Condition 11 and any responses received from the Security Holder. 
11.1.4 The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 
11, to assume that none of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are held by Prohibited US 
Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors. 
12. ENFORCEMENT 
12.1 The Trustee may at any time: 
12.1.1 after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee 
having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction against all

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, itself 
take such action and/or instruct the Security Trustee to take such proceedings and/or other 
action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of 
the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by each relevant Security 
Deed in respect of the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to which such Defaulted 
Obligation relates; 
12.1.2 if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, and shall if 
so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders holding Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or funded to its satisfaction, itself take such action and/or instruct the Security Trustee 
to take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the 
Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security 
constituted by each relevant Security Deed in respect of all outstanding Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities; and 
12.1.3 if a FX Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and as a result either 
any Redemption Form in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any type given 
on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid pursuant to Condition 
6.6.8(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such class for a period of 
30 continuous Pricing Days pursuant to Condition 6.18 (Suspension of Redemptions during 
FX Counterparty Event of Default), at its discretion, and so directed in writing by Security 
Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency Hedged 
Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Currency Hedged Metal Securities (as a 
single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing, itself take such action and/or instruct the Security Trustee to take such 
proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to 
enforce any obligations of the Issuer under these presents and the security constituted by 
each relevant Security Deed in respect of all outstanding affected Relevant Securities and 
for this purpose and Condition 12.4 “affected” Currency Hedged Metal Securities means, 
in the context of a FX Counterparty Event of Default, those Currency Hedged Metal 
Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include rights against the particular 
FX Counterparty. 
12.2 If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings and 
obligations (other than payment or delivery obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied 
the same within 30 days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but shall not be 
obliged to, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, the Trustee shall 
provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer (provided the Trustee does not consider it detrimental 
to the interests of Security Holders to give a copy of any such proposed notice to the Issuer) and shall 
include with the notice any statement of not more than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided 
to the Trustee for the purpose within seven calendar days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice 
referred to herein. In any such notice the Trustee may designate a Period (the “Breach Redemption 
Period”) commencing on any Business Day until the date one month from such Business Day (inclusive) 
during which each Security Holder will be entitled to redeem all (but not some only) of the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities held by it in the same manner as though there were no Authorised Participants. 
After the expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, the relevant breach shall be deemed waived without 
prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take action in the event of any subsequent such breach.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
12.3 In the event that at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities of any type pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption by Authorised Participants) or 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) is suspended pursuant to Condition 6.15 
(Suspension of Redemptions while Value below Principal Amount) or Condition 6.16 (Suspension of 
Redemptions while Division of Pool being considered), then the right to Redeem Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities of that type pursuant to Condition 12.2 shall be suspended in like manner and the 
provisions of Condition 6.15 or Condition 6.16 (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Upon 
the suspension ceasing under Condition 6.15 or Condition 6.16 (as the case may be), the right to 
Redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of that type pursuant to Condition 12.2 shall resume and 
the Breach Redemption Period in respect of that type shall continue until the date one month from the 
date on which the suspension so ceased. 
12.4 If an Issuer Insolvency Event and/or a FX Counterparty Event of Default is occurring at the same time as 
a Defaulted Obligation, a Security Holder holding affected Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to whom 
a Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action in accordance 
with Condition 12.1.1 or Condition 12.1.3 (as the case may be) until the expiry of 30 calendar days from 
the occurrence of the Issuer Insolvency Event and/or FX Counterparty Event of Default, nor shall he be 
so entitled if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take 
action in accordance with Condition 12.1.2 or the Security Trustee has elected, or been directed, to 
take action in accordance with equivalent provisions of the Security Deed. For this purpose “affected” 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means, in the context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them. 
12.5 Subject to Condition 12.7, only the Trustee or the Security Trustee may take action pursuant to Condition 
12.1 or the Security Deeds. Where the Security Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Trust Instrument pursuant to any of the security constituted by any 
Security Deed, the right of Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with the Issuer shall cease. 
Valid Redemption Forms lodged before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the 
security pursuant to any Security Deed or the Security Trustee announces its intention to enforce such 
security will be Redeemed in the normal manner. 
12.6 If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 12.1 or instructs the Security Trustee to take any 
action pursuant to Condition 12.1, or if the Security Trustee takes any action pursuant to the equivalent 
provision of a Security Deed, in each case with respect to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
which a Defaulted Obligation relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall become, due and payable. 
12.7 No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee and/or the 
Security Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and 
such failure is continuing, in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against the 
Issuer as those which the Trustee or the Security Trustee (as the case may be) is entitled to exercise 
against or in relation to the Issuer on such Security Holder’s behalf. 
12.8 Each Security Deed shall provide that, if a FX Counterparty Enforcement Event has occurred and is 
continuing which relates to a PMA Sub-Pool and if the relevant Security Trustee is so directed in writing 
by the FX Counterparty to which such PMA Sub-Pool relates, but subject to the Security Trustee having 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, such Security Trustee shall take 
such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer or any other 
person to enforce the security constituted by that Security Deed in respect of such PMA Sub-Pool. 
13. APPLICATION OF SECURITY 
13.1 Each Security Deed shall provide that all monies and other property received by the Security Trustee 
pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect of a Pool or (in the case of a Pool comprising

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
more than one PMA Sub-Pool, a PMA Sub-Pool) in relation to a particular class of Currency Hedged 
Metal Securities shall be held by the Security Trustee upon trust, to apply them in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
13.1.1 FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Security Trustee and the 
Trustee and unpaid (including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person 
appointed by the Security Trustee and the Trustee) under the Security Deed and the Trust 
Instrument in respect of such Pool or, as the case may be, such PMA Sub-Pool (as 
determined by the Security Trustee in its absolute discretion), and to payment of any 
remuneration and expenses of any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security 
constituted by the Security Deed then unpaid (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any 
Redemption Obligations owed to the Trustee under the Trust Instrument) 
13.1.2 SECONDLY in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts then due and payable or 
deliverable by the Issuer to the relevant FX Counterparty under the relevant Metal 
Adjustment Agreement, the relevant ISDA Master Agreement or the relevant Master 
Confirmation Agreement; 
13.1.3 THIRDLY in or towards payment or performance of all amounts then due and unpaid or 
undelivered by the Issuer under the Services Agreement to ManJer (or any Affiliate of the 
Issuer or any other person with which the Issuer has entered into a Services Agreement); 
13.1.4 FOURTHLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts 
then due and unpaid or undelivered and all obligations due to be performed and 
unperformed in respect of the Currency Hedged Metal Securities of that class; and 
13.1.5 FIFTHLY, subject as provided in the Security Deed, in payment or delivery of the balance 
(if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any question as to how 
such payment or delivery to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and any 
other person). 
14. RESTRICTIONS 
14.1 So long as any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a particular type are outstanding, the Issuer 
covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
14.1.1 not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for borrowed money 
other than Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or Further Securities or as required pursuant 
to the terms of any Metal Adjustment Documentation, and not to give any guarantee or 
indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee; 
14.1.2 other than as permitted under the applicable Security Deed or with the prior written consent 
of the Security Trustee, not to dispose of any of the Secured Property or any interest 
therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or other form of encumbrance or 
security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in favour of any person; 
14.1.3 save as permitted by Condition 15 (Further Securities; Other Pools; Transfer to New Pools; 
Consolidation and Division), not to undertake any business save for the issue and 
redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the acquisition and disposal of Bullion, 
entering into Metal Adjustment Contracts, entering into the Documents (and any other 
contracts contemplated thereunder), entering into all other necessary documents and 
performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
14.1.4 enforce its rights under the Documents and comply with its obligations thereunder, except 
that the Issuer is not under an obligation to close out or terminate an ISDA Master 
Agreement upon the occurrence of a FX Counterparty Event of Default; 
14.1.5 to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months 
following Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at least 
one Authorised Participant; 
14.1.6 not to issue any Individual or Basket Securities of any type unless it has entered into 
corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts having an aggregate Metal Equivalent equal to, 
and has received physical Bullion in an aggregate amount equal to, the Metal Entitlement 
calculated as at the Application Date; 
14.1.7 simultaneously with or promptly following the redemption of any Individual or Basket 
Securities of any type, to cancel a corresponding number of Metal Adjustment Contracts; 
14.1.8 not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in the United Kingdom or any part thereof; 
14.1.9 to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation for Security 
Holders; and 
14.1.10 to procure that the property (including, without limitation, the Secured Metal Accounts) 
attributable to each Pool or PMA Sub-Pool (as applicable) is at all times maintained in a 
manner so that it is readily distinguishable from the property attributable to any other Pool 
or PMA Sub-Pool (as applicable) or the assets attributable to any pool to which any other 
class of securities of the Issuer is attributable. 
14.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may: 
14.3 issue unsecured limited recourse notes to ETFSL (or any Affiliate), and may redeem, amend, 
supplement, extend or replace such notes in accordance with the terms thereof; and 
14.4 make any loan to ETFSL (or any Affiliate) of the proceeds of the issue of such notes, under which the 
Issuer may, if it determines to do so, make advances to ETFSL (or any Affiliate) (including by set-off 
against such proceeds). 
15.  FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; TRANSFER TO NEW POOLS; CONSOLIDATION AND 
DIVISION 
15.1 Subject to its ability to create corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts, the Issuer may (without the 
consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of undated limited recourse secured 
debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental to the Trust Instrument and will 
establish additional pools for the purposes of such securities and the Trustee shall join in such 
instrument or deed and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the purposes of the Trust Instrument 
and such securities shall be “Individual Securities” for such purposes, and the Issuer may further create 
and issue Basket Securities, the Metal Entitlement of which is calculated by reference to such Individual 
Securities in accordance with the Trust Instrument (and for which such Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities when in Certificated Form may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument). Any such additional class of Individual Securities shall have recourse only to the Pool 
attributable to such class of Individual Securities and not to any other Pool. Other such securities created 
and issued by the Issuer as described in this Condition 15.1 may relate to different metal than those in 
respect of which Individual Securities are initially issued, or be Basket Securities involving different 
combinations of Individual Securities or with different weightings, or involve different pricing mechanisms

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
or be denominated in a different currency. Other such securities created and issued by the Issuer as 
described in this Condition 15.1 may be created and issued subject to different terms and conditions in 
lieu of the provisions of the Trust Instrument (including but not limited to different pricing mechanisms 
or different currencies), to be determined by the Issuer. If other securities created by the Issuer as 
described in this Condition 15.1 are subject to different terms and conditions in lieu of the provisions of 
the Trust Instrument the Issuer shall publish those new conditions in its RIS announcement or in a 
prospectus or listing particulars or supplementary prospectus or supplementary listing particulars and 
on the Issuer’s Website. 
15.2 The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Individual Securities of a new class, or Basket 
Securities (the amount due on Redemption of which is calculated by reference to (and when held in 
Certificated form may be surrendered in exchange for) Individual Securities of a new class) as described 
in Condition 15.1 unless it has first (a) created corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts under the 
terms of a Metal Adjustment Agreement and (b) executed and delivered to the Trustee a Security Deed, 
or a deed amending an existing Security Deed, creating security in respect of the Secured Property 
attributable to the applicable Pool. 
15.3 Unless prohibited by the relevant Security Deed, the Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the 
Security Holders and without giving prior notice) determine to divide any Pool (the “Existing Pool”) by 
allocating some of the Secured Property attributable to that existing Pool to a new Pool (the “New Pool”). 
If it determines to do so, the following shall apply: 
15.3.1 if: 
(a) 
the Issuer wishes to divide the Pool by transferring to the New Pool all (and 
not merely some) of the Metal Adjustment Contracts attributable to the existing 
Pool with any one FX Counterparty, it shall transfer all the assets attributable 
to the relevant PMA Sub-Pool; 
the Issuer wishes to divide the Pool in some other manner it shall allocate Bullion and 
Metal Adjustment Contracts in such manner that (i) the aggregate Metal 
Equivalent of the Metal Adjustment Contracts retained in the Existing Pool 
(such Metal Adjustment Contracts, the “Existing Metal Adjustment 
Contracts”) upon such division becoming effective shall be equal to the 
aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Individual Securities (and Basket 
Securities to the extent comprised of such Individual Securities) attributable 
to the Existing Pool (such Individual Securities and Basket Securities to such 
extent, the “Existing Metal Securities”) and equal to the amount of Bullion of 
the relevant type credited to the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to the 
Existing Pool immediately after such division taking into account amounts of 
such Bullion the subject of unsettled obligations (whether or not such 
obligations are then due for settlement) of or to an FX Counterparty in respect 
of the Existing Metal Adjustment Contracts and (ii) the sum of the aggregate 
Metal Entitlement of the Existing Metal Securities and of the New Individual 
Securities (as defined in Condition 15.3.2) (and New Basket Securities (as 
defined in Condition 15.3.3) to the extent comprised of such New Individual 
Securities) (such New Individual Securities and New Basket Securities to such 
extent, the “New Metal Securities”) immediately upon such division becoming 
effective is equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Existing Metal 
Securities immediately prior to such division becoming effective. 
15.3.2 prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall create undated limited recourse 
secured individual securities (“New Individual Securities”) of a new class referable to the same 
Index and otherwise on the same terms as the Individual Securities attributable to the Existing 
Pool (the “Existing Individual Securities”), each having a principal amount and Metal 
Entitlement determined in accordance with Condition 15.3.4 constituted by an instrument or 
deed on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no 
obligation to procure Listing of the New Individual Securities) and on terms that such New

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Individual Securities shall have recourse only to the assets attributable to the New Pool, and 
(subject as provided in Condition 15.3.6) shall issue such New Individual Securities to the 
Security Holders of the Existing Individual Securities outstanding immediately prior to the 
transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New Individual Security for each Existing 
Individual Security then held. For this purpose (but subject as provided in Condition 15.3.6) any 
Individual Security in respect of which a Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing 
shall be treated as outstanding; 
15.3.3 prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall also create new classes of undated 
limited recourse secured basket securities (“New Basket Securities”), each on the same terms 
as the existing categories of Basket Securities (“Existing Basket Securities”) which comprise 
Existing Individual Securities, each having a principal amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 15.3.4 constituted by an instrument or deed on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as 
the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no obligation to procure Listing of the New Basket 
Securities of any category) and on terms that such New Basket Securities shall have recourse 
only to the assets attributable to the New Pools to which they are attributable, such New Basket 
Securities being capable when in Certificated Form of surrender in exchange for the New 
Individual Securities of which they are comprised (being New Individual Securities corresponding 
to the Existing Individual Securities of which the Existing Basket Securities to which that 
category of New Basket Securities corresponds are comprised) and by reference to which the 
Metal Entitlement of such New Basket Securities is calculated, and (subject as provided in 
Condition 15.3.6) shall issue such New Basket Securities to the Security Holders of the Existing 
Basket Securities outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective on the basis 
of one New Basket Security for each Existing Basket Security then held. For this purpose (but 
subject as provided in Condition 15.3.6) any Basket Security in respect of which a Defaulted 
Obligation has occurred and is continuing shall be treated as outstanding; 
15.3.4 the principal amount and Metal Entitlement of each New Individual Security shall (subject as 
provided in Condition 15.3.6) be the proportion of the principal amount and Metal Entitlement 
respectively, of each Existing Individual Security outstanding immediately prior to the transfer 
becoming effective (including any calculation of the Metal Entitlement for that day in accordance 
with Condition 5 (Metal Entitlement)) that the aggregate Metal Equivalent of the corresponding 
Metal Adjustment Contracts transferred to the New Pool bears to the aggregate Metal Equivalent 
of the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts that formed part of the Existing Pool 
immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective (including any calculation of the Metal 
Equivalent for that day in accordance with the terms of such Metal Adjustment Contracts), and 
on the creation and issue of the New Metal Securities becoming effective the principal amount 
and Metal Entitlement of each Existing Individual Security and the principal amount of each 
Existing Basket Security shall be reduced accordingly and the principal amount of each New 
Basket Security determined accordingly; 
15.3.5 the Issuer shall enter into a deed with the Security Trustee amending the Security Deed with the 
Security Trustee in relation to the assets attributable to the New Pool to secure the New 
Individual Securities (and the New Basket Securities to the extent that they comprise New 
Individual Securities) in the same manner (mutatis mutandis) as under the Security Deed in 
relation to the Existing Pool, and the Security Trustee shall release the property to be transferred 
from the Existing Pool to the New Pool; 
15.3.6 any valid Redemption Form received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which have not by then been Redeemed and in respect of 
which settlement has not been made in accordance with Condition 8 (Settlement and 
Redemption Obligations)): 
(a) in a case where in respect of the Existing Metal Securities notice of a Compulsory Redemption 
Date has been given under Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption by the Trustee on FX 
Counterparty Event of Default or Issuer Insolvency Event) or Condition 7.4 (Compulsory

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Redemption on a fall in Value Relative to Principal Amount) prior to such division becoming 
effective, the date on which such notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given; 
(b) in a case where in respect of the Existing Metal Securities a Compulsory Redemption Date 
is to occur under Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption on Enforcement of Security by FX 
Counterparty) prior to such division becoming effective, the Notification Date; 
(c) in a case where in respect of the relevant Existing Metal Securities notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date has been given under Condition 7.1.1(a), Condition 7.1.2 or Condition 
7.1.3 prior to such division becoming effective, the date on which notice of the Compulsory 
Redemption Date was given; 
(d) in any other case where in respect of the relevant Existing Metal Securities, notice of a 
Compulsory Redemption Date has been given prior to such division becoming effective, the 
Compulsory Redemption Date; and 
(e) in any other case, the date on which such division becomes effective, 
and in each case being valid notwithstanding Condition 6.6.7, Condition 6.6.8 and Condition 7.6 
(Redemption Forms Not to be Effective Once Notice of Compulsory Redemption Given), shall 
have effect as if given in respect either of the Existing Metal Securities or of the New Metal 
Securities dependent upon the FX Counterparty (the “Relevant Counterparty”) to whom a 
Cancellation Notice (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Agreement) (the “Relevant Cancellation 
Notice”) had been delivered under a Metal Adjustment Agreement for the purposes of the 
Redemption intended to be effected pursuant to such Redemption Form as determined in its 
absolute discretion by the Issuer. Accordingly: 
(A) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with Condition 15.3.4, Metal 
Adjustment Contracts the subject of all Relevant Cancellation Notices shall be excluded, 
and the principal amounts and Metal Entitlements referred to therein shall be calculated as 
though all such Metal Adjustment Contracts had been terminated; 
(B) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with Condition 15.3.4, Metal 
Adjustment Contracts that have been created for the purposes of an Application that has 
not been completed by the issue of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall be excluded, 
and the principal amounts and Metal Entitlements referred to therein shall be calculated as 
though all such Metal Adjustment Contacts had not been created; 
(C) 
each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing Individual 
Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New Individual Securities 
as provided in Condition 15.3.2 and instead each of the Existing Individual Securities to 
which such Redemption Form relates shall be divided into Existing Individual Securities or 
New Individual Securities as are attributable to the Pool to which Metal Adjustment 
Contracts with the Relevant Counterparty are attributable immediately following the transfer 
becoming effective, each such Existing Individual Security ranking pari passu with and 
having the same principal amount and Individual Entitlement as the other Existing Individual 
Securities of that class as reduced in accordance with Condition 15.3.4 and each such New 
Individual Security ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount and Metal 
Entitlement as the other New Individual Securities of that class, and each such Security 
Holder shall hold upon such division becoming effective such number as nearly as 
practicable (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of Existing Individual Securities 
or New Individual Securities (as the case may be) as has the same aggregate principal 
amount as had the Existing Individual Securities in respect of which the Redemption Form 
related immediately prior to the division becoming effective; and 
(D) 
each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing Basket 
Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New Basket Securities as 
provided in Condition 15.3.3 and instead each of the Existing Basket Securities to which 
such Redemption Form relates shall be divided into Existing Basket Securities or New 
Basket Securities as are attributable to the Pools to which Metal Adjustment Contracts with 
the Relevant Counterparty are attributable immediately following the transfer becoming 
effective, each such Existing Basket Security ranking pari passu with, having the same 
principal amount as, and comprising the same numbers of Existing Individual Securities of 
each class as, the other Existing Basket Securities of that category as reduced (in the case 
of the principal amount) in accordance with Condition 15.3.4 and each such New Basket 
Security ranking pari passu with, having the same principal amount as, and comprising the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
same numbers of new Individual Securities of each class as, the other New Basket 
Securities of that class, and each such Security Holder shall hold upon such division 
becoming effective such number as nearly as practicable (rounded down to the nearest 
whole number) of Existing Basket Securities or New Basket Securities (as the case may 
be) as has the same aggregate principal amount as had the Existing Basket Securities in 
respect of which the Redemption Form related immediately prior to the division becoming 
effective. 
15.4 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Currency- Hedged Metal 
Securities of any type into Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the same type but with a proportionately larger 
or smaller Metal Entitlement and Principal Amount. Such consolidation or division shall be effected by deed 
or instrument supplemental to the Trust Instrument. 
15.5 Whenever as a result of consolidation of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities a Security Holder would become 
entitled to a fraction of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security the Issuer will Redeem such fraction of a Currency-
Hedged Metal Security. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 7.11 (Compulsory Redemptions) 
shall apply in respect of the aggregate fractions of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be redeemed mutatis 
mutandis as though the Redemption were pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer) 
and the date on which the consolidation becomes effective the Compulsory Redemption Date. 
16. ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE CURRENCY-HEDGED METAL SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
17. LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as any 
of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the 
maintenance of such listing is agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to 
obtain and maintain the quotation or listing of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on such other stock 
exchange as it may (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) decide. 
18. WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
18.1 The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if and in so far 
as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or 
authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Trust Instrument or any Security Deed, or determine that any Defaulted Obligation, FX Counterparty Event of 
Default or Issuer Insolvency Event shall not be treated as such, provided that the Trustee shall not exercise 
any powers conferred on it by this Condition: 
18.1.1 with respect to a Defaulted Obligation, in contravention of any express direction given by the 
Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed; or 
18.1.2 with respect to an Issuer Insolvency Event or a FX Counterparty Event of Default or any other 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Trust Instrument, in contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency- Hedged Metal Securities (as a 
whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single 
class), 
but so that no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously 
given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be given or made on such 
terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on 
the Security Holders and, if, but only if, the Trustee shall so require, shall be notified by the Issuer 
to the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
18.2 Security Holders in respect of any type or types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have power by 
Extraordinary Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the release of the Issuer from the payment of moneys payable 
and delivery of Bullion due pursuant to the Trust Instrument, to sanction any modification, abrogation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, their rights against the Issuer, to assent to any modification or 
abrogation of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument proposed or agreed to by the 
Issuer and also to sanction other matters as provided therein. The Trust Instrument contains provisions 
relating to the convening of meetings by the Issuer or the Trustee and provides that, except in the case of an 
adjourned meeting, at least fourteen calendar days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is served 
or deemed to be served and of the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting, including any meeting 
which is being convened for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the Security 
Holders of the relevant type or types. In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a quorum, other than 
one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven calendar days’ notice (exclusive as 
aforesaid) should be given unless the day, time and place for the adjourned meeting is specified in the notice 
convening the original meeting. 
18.3 For the purposes of these Conditions, where calculation of the percentage holdings of Security Holders by 
Principal Amount is required, every A$1.00, €1.00, S$1.00 and £1.00 of Principal Amount attributable to a 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security shall be regarded as having an equal value. 
19. EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each type of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and shall incur 
no liability to any person for so doing. 
20. PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods. 
21. REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
21.1 The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three months’ prior 
written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred by reason of such 
retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) 
appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Instrument. 
21.2 The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary Resolution. The retirement 
or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor trustee is appointed. 
22. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
22.1 The Conditions, the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of 
Jersey. Each Security Deed is governed by the laws of England. 
22.2 In the Trust Instrument the Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Trustee and the Security Holders 
that the courts of Jersey are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Trust Instrument. In each Security Deed the Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of (inter alios) 
the Security Trustee, the Trustee and the Security Holders that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with such Security Deed. 
22.3 Notwithstanding the submission by the Issuer to the jurisdiction of the Jersey courts contained in the Trust 
Instrument and the submission by the Issuer to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in each Security 
Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee or the Security Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other 
competent jurisdiction. 
23. TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee (or any director, officer or 
employee of the Trustee) and the Security Trustee (or any director, officer or employee of such Security

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust and, save in such 
circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the Trustee) and no Security Trustee (and 
no director, officer or employee of such Security Trustee), in execution of the trusts and powers under the 
Trust Instrument or the Security Deed, shall be liable for any loss arising by reason of any mistake or 
omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful misconduct, gross 
negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee or Security Trustee. 
24. AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
24.1 These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer and the 
Trustee. Subject to Condition 24.2, any amendment to these Conditions will be notified to Security Holders 
through a RIS announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee shall not take effect until at least 
30 calendar days following such announcement, save that a reduction in the Management Fee or the Hedging 
Rate may take effect on announcement. 
24.2 Notwithstanding Condition 24.1: 
24.2.1 no announcement of an amendment to the Conditions to which Condition 25.2.4, Condition 
25.2.10 or Condition 25.4 applies unless the Trustee otherwise requires and such amendment 
may take effect immediately; 
24.2.2 in the case of an amendment to the Conditions to which Condition 25.2.2 applies, such 
amendment may take effect the later of ten calendar days from announcement and 30 calendar 
days following announcement of the identity of the proposed Transferee or new FX 
Counterparty; 
24.2.3 in the case of an amendment to the Conditions to which Condition 25.2.1 applies, such 
amendment may take effect ten calendar days from notification by the Issuer of the identity of 
the proposed substitute debtor through a RIS; 
24.2.4 in the case of an amendment to the Conditions to which Condition 25.2.3 applies, such 
amendment may take effect ten calendar days from announcement; and 
24.2.5 in the case of an amendment to the Conditions to which any of Condition 25.2.6 to Condition 
25.2.9 applies, such amendment shall take effect on announcement unless otherwise specified 
in or pursuant to the relevant resolution. 
25. AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
25.1 Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that subject as provided therein (as described in this 
Condition 25) and subject to Condition 6.10 it will not amend, vary, modify or supplement any of the Trustee 
Consent Documents without the prior written consent of the Trustee save where, in respect of a Metal 
Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Master Confirmation Agreement, that amendment is at 
the election of the relevant FX Counterparty to elect to amend the terms of the Metal Adjustment Agreement 
so as to be on terms no less favourable to the relevant FX Counterparty than the relevant terms of another 
Metal Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Master Confirmation Agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and another FX Counterparty and to include at the Issuer’s option any commercial terms 
agreed to by such other FX Counterparty. 
25.2 The Issuer may, without prejudice to Condition 25.4, by supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument 
or deed, as applicable, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument or any Security Deed or amend, vary, 
modify, supplement or novate any of the Trustee Consent Documents (in respect of Condition 25.2.1, 
Condition 25.2.2, Condition 25.2.5, Condition 25.2.6, Condition 25.2.7, Condition 25.2.8 and Condition 25.2.9 
in each case without the consent of the Trustee or the Security Trustee), and the Trustee agrees in the Trust 
Instrument, and each Security Trustee will agree in each Security Deed, to join in a supplemental agreement 
or supplemental instrument or deed as applicable accordingly, if one or more of the following applies:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
25.2.1 if the amendment is to substitute as debtor under a Metal Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master 
Agreement, Master Confirmation Agreement or Guarantee another person having an Acceptable 
Credit Rating; 
25.2.2 if the amendment or novation is (A) to effect the transfer of any Metal Adjustment Agreement, 
ISDA Master Agreement and Master Confirmation Agreement, or any or any part of any Metal 
Adjustment Contract (or any position constituting any or any part of such Metal Adjustment 
Contract) to any FX Counterparty or other person (the “Transferee”) or to make amendments 
consequent upon such transfer or (B) to effect the appointment of a new FX Counterparty (a 
“new FX Counterparty”), provided that: 
(a) 
(where such transferee is not a FX Counterparty immediately prior to 
such amendment and novation) the Transferee or new FX 
Counterparty, as the case may be, has an Acceptable Credit Rating or 
has a Guarantor with an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(b) 
such amendment or novation would not affect the Metal Entitlement or 
Principal Amount of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
(c) 
in the case of a transfer, prior to the transfer becoming effective in 
respect of any class of Metal Adjustment Contracts, and in the case of 
the appointment of a new FX Counterparty, prior to entering into Metal 
Adjustment Contracts of any class with such new FX Counterparty, 
Secured Metal Accounts have been opened with a Custodian in respect 
of that class and that new FX Counterparty; and 
(d) 
in the case of a transfer, prior to the transfer becoming effective in 
respect of any class of Metal Adjustment Contracts, and in the case of 
the appointment of a new FX Counterparty, prior to entering into Metal 
Adjustment Contracts of any class with such new FX Counterparty, the 
Issuer has executed and delivered to the Trustee a Security Deed 
granting to a Security Trustee for (inter alios) the Trustee security over 
such Secured Metal Accounts and the Issuer’s rights under the relevant 
Metal Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement and Master 
Confirmation Agreement in each case to the extent applicable to such 
class and such FX Counterparty (in or substantially in the same form as 
the Security Deed entered on or about the date of the Trust Instrument) 
as security for the payment or discharge of the obligations of the Issuer 
to (inter alios) the Trustee, the FXCounterparty and the Security 
Holders from time to time in respect of the applicable class of Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities; 
25.2.3 in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and is not 
materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
25.2.4 in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
25.2.5 the amendment is to substitute a different index for one or more of the Indices and consequential 
changes, provided that (i) corresponding amendments and changes have been agreed with 
each of the FX Counterparties which have Metal Adjustment Contracts outstanding that refer to 
the relevant Index or Indices, (ii) the amendment and changes so agreed have the consequence 
that at the time of the substitution of the index there is no change to the aggregate Metal 
Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the relevant type and (iii) the 
amendment and changes do not take effect until at least 30 calendar days have elapsed after 
they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
25.2.6 the amendment affects only Basket Securities of one or more particular category or categories, 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
holders of different categories of Basket Securities differently, and the terms of the amendment 
are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each category of Basket 
Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a separate resolution in 
writing of holders of each category of Basket Security affected holding not less than 75 per cent. 
by Principal Amount of such category; 
25.2.7 Condition 25.2.6 does not apply to the amendment, the amendment affects only Basket 
Securities and the terms of the amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the holders of the Basket Securities (as a single class) passed in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument or by a resolution in writing of the holders of the Basket Securities holding not less 
than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Basket Securities (as a whole); 
25.2.8 Condition 25.2.6 and Condition 25.2.7 do not apply to the amendment, the Issuer or the Trustee 
determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the holders of different types of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities differently and the terms of the amendment are authorised 
by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each type of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or in each case by a separate 
resolution in writing of holders of such type of Currency-Hedged Metal Security affected holding 
not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such 
type, provided that unless the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the 
amendment would affect the holders of Basket Securities differently from the holders of the 
relevant class(es) of Individual Securities, holders of Basket Securities shall for this purpose be 
treated as though they were holders of the Individual Securities by reference to which the Metal 
Entitlement of their Basket Securities is calculated and not as though they were holders of the 
Basket Securities; 
25.2.9 Condition 25.2.6 to Condition 25.2.8 inclusive do not apply to the amendment and the terms of 
the amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a 
single class) passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a resolution in writing of 
Security Holders holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities (as a whole); or 
25.2.10 the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified or applied 
in any respect to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) or any Listing Rules or to rectify any 
inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms of such document. 
25.3 In the case of an amendment to a Metal Adjustment Agreement, Master Confirmation Agreement or ISDA 
Master Agreement (other than an amendment or novation made pursuant to Condition 25.2.2), the 
amendment may not take effect for at least 30 calendar days (or five Business Days if the amendment is to 
be made pursuant to an obligation in the Metal Adjustment Agreement to negotiate in good faith following 
notice being given by either party thereto of the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined therein)) 
following publication of a notice thereof through a RIS and the Issuer shall not agree to any such amendment 
unless it does not take effect until such period has elapsed. 
25.4 The restrictions imposed by Condition 25.2 and Condition 25.3 shall not apply to any amendment to the terms 
of a Metal Adjustment Agreement, ISDA Master Agreement or Master Confirmation Agreement which, under 
the terms thereof, is automatic or at the election of the relevant FX Counterparty in the circumstances 
described in Condition 25.1. 
25.5 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 25.2.1 by 
publishing a notice on a RIS at least ten calendar days’ prior to such amendment becoming effective. 
25.6 Without prejudice to Condition 24, the Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as 
referred to in Condition 25.2.2 by publishing a notice on a RIS at least ten calendar days’ prior to such 
amendment becoming effective.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
25.7 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 25.2.6 to 
Condition 25.2.9 (inclusive) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such amendment is 
proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
25.8 No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Condition 25.2.4, Condition 25.2.10 or Condition 
25.4 unless the Trustee otherwise requires. 
25.9 The Issuer may at any time in its sole discretion determine in respect of any Pool that a specified financial 
institution or other entity, not being already a Custodian in respect of such Pool but being a member of the 
Relevant Association in respect of Individual Securities to which such Pool relates and which provides custody 
and transfer facilities in respect of Bullion of the relevant type, shall be appointed as a Custodian. Upon such 
determination being made the Trustee agrees in the Trust Instrument that it will, as soon as practicable 
following a request by the Issuer to do so, enter into: 
25.9.1 a Secured Allocated Account Agreement; 
25.9.2 a Secured Unallocated Account Agreement; and 
25.9.3 if so requested by the Issuer, a Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, 
each with the Issuer and such financial institution or other entity in a form substantially equivalent 
to a then existing such agreement to which the Issuer, the Trustee and a Custodian are then or 
have been party (in respect of that Pool or any other Pool) or in such other form as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. 
25.10 The Issuer shall give notice to the Security Holders by publishing a notice on a RIS promptly after, or prior to, 
entering into any Secured Allocated Account Agreement, Secured Unallocated Account Agreement or Metal 
Sale Counterparty Agreement as referred to in Condition 25.9 and (save where in respect of such Pool there 
is no other Custodian) no Bullion shall be credited to any Secured Metal Account maintained pursuant to any 
such Custodian Agreement until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the date of such publication. 
26. NOTICES 
26.1 Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the Issuer, the 
Trustee or the Security Trustee under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in 
writing in English. 
26.2 Except as provided herein or in the Trust Instrument or other Document (as the case may be), all notices 
required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other 
Document shall be made by publication through a RIS where required under the terms of such document, but 
otherwise may be given by publication on the Issuer’s Website. 
26.3 All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or otherwise shall 
be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of Security Holders where, in 
relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, the Issuer may from 
time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made by means of an electronic communication 
in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such form and subject to such terms and conditions as 
may from time to time be prescribed by the Issuer (subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) 
and may in similar manner permit supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting 
to be made by like means. 
26.4 Any Redemption Form given by an Authorised Participant shall be sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax 
number, as follows: 
Fax: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email 
to the following email address:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Email: infoeu@wisdomtree.com 
26.5 Any Redemption Form given by an Authorised Participant shall be deemed to have been lodged upon 
sending, subject to confirmation of uninterrupted and error-free transmission by a transmission report. 
26.6 Any Redemption Form lodged other than by an Authorised Participant must be delivered by hand, sent by 
prepaid recorded delivery or sent by registered post (or registered airmail in the case of posting from an 
address outside the United Kingdom) to the address specified in Condition 26.7. 
26.7 Any Notice (other than a Redemption Form) to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s primary fax 
number set out above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered 
airmail in the case of posting from an address outside the United Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
Address: 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Attention: 
WisdomTree Team 
Fax number: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website. 
26.8 Any Notice (other than a Redemption Form given by an Authorised Participant) shall, in the absence of earlier 
receipt, be deemed to have been received as follows: 
26.8.1 if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
26.8.2 if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of posting 
from an address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is 
attempted. 
27. PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
27.1 All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall be paid in US Dollars 
in full cleared and immediately available funds. Where no bank account or other settlement details have 
been provided by a Security Holder, or in other circumstances as provided in the Trust Instrument, cash 
payments due to Security Holders will be made by cheque or warrant and despatched by post at the risk of 
the Security Holder. 
27.2 All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities shall be paid 
in full, free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority 
thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law to which the person 
making the payment is subject. 
27.3 Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a Business Day, such payment 
shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Business Day

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
PART 7 
PARTICULARS OF THE SECURITY DEED 
The Issuer will enter into a separate Security Deed in respect of each FX Counterparty with the Security 
Trustee, the Trustee, ManJer and that FX Counterparty. Each Security Deed will secure the Secured Liabilities 
(as defined below) for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, where there is more than one FX Counterparty, 
will create separate PMA Sub-Pools attributable to the relevant FX Counterparty only. The Secured Parties in 
respect of each Security Deed will include (i) the Security Holders of each class of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities in respect of which the FX Counterparty to which that Security Deed relates is a FX Counterparty; 
(ii) the FX Counterparty which is a party to that Security Deed; and (iii) ManJer. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into one Security Deed in respect of MSIP. 
The Security Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered 
office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
The particulars of the Security Deed as set out below are taken from the Security Deed and are, therefore, 
drafted in legal language. Detail on how this impacts upon Security Holders is contained throughout this 
Prospectus including Part 1 (General) under the heading “Security Structure” and Part 4 (Description of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) under the heading “Security Structure and Separate Pools”. 
The Security Deed with MSIP contains, and each further Security Deed will contain, inter alia, provisions to 
the following effect: 
1. Assignment and Charge 
The Issuer, as security for the payment or discharge of all sums owing by the Issuer to the Security Trustee, 
the Trustee, the FX Counterparty or the Security Holders from time to time under the applicable type of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the Trust Instrument, the Security Deed, the applicable class of Metal 
Adjustment Contracts or the Metal Adjustment Agreement to the extent it relates to such class or to ManJer or 
any Affiliate or successor of ManJer or any other person under the Services Agreement (the “Secured 
Liabilities”): 
(a) Fixed Charge: assigns by way of first fixed charge or legal mortgage to the Security Trustee for the 
benefit of itself and the Secured Parties all its rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to 
the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts forming part of the Secured Property, insofar as it 
relates to the relevant PMA Sub-Pool; 
Floating Charge: charges by way of first ranking floating charge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the Secured 
Property insofar as it relates to the relevant PMA Sub-Pool; and 
Assignment by way of Security: assigns absolutely to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties all of its present and future rights, title and interest in each Secured Metal Accounts 
Agreement, each Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, each Metal Adjustment Agreement, each 
ISDA Master Agreement, each Master Confirmation Agreement and any Guarantee (the “Assigned 
Agreements”), in each case to the extent that it relates to the relevant PMA Sub-Pool, provided that, 
such assignment shall take effect subject to any set-off or close-out netting expressly permitted under 
any relevant Metal Adjustment Documentation between the amounts payable under such Metal 
Adjustment Documentation, provided further that, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer may in 
certain circumstances continue to exercise certain of its powers under the Assigned Agreements. 
2. Enforcement 
(a) The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (and only if): 
(i) a Defaulted Obligation; 
(ii) a FX Counterparty Event of Default; 
(iii) an Issuer Insolvency Event; or 
(iv) a FX Counterparty Enforcement Event,

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) The Security Trustee may at any time: 
(i) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by the relevant Security 
Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Security Trustee having first been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings 
and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such 
obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the 
Security Deed in respect of the relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to which such 
Defaulted Obligation relates; 
(ii) 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, and shall if 
so directed in writing by the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by Security 
Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as a single 
class), the Security Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to 
its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it 
may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against 
or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding 
relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; 
(iii) 
if a FX Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and as a result either 
any Redemption Form in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of any type given 
on any of 30 continuous Pricing Days would have been invalid pursuant to Condition 
6.6.8(c) or the Issuer has suspended Redemptions in relation to such class for a period of 
30 continuous Pricing Days pursuant to Condition 6.18, at its discretion, and shall if so 
directed in writing by the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by Security 
Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (as 
a single class), the Security Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think 
fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the relevant class that are attributable to the Pool or 
Pools which include rights against the particular FX Counterparty; and 
(iv) 
if a FX Counterparty Enforcement Event has occurred and is continuing, and if it is so 
directed in writing by the FX Counterparty, the Security Trustee first having been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings 
and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce the 
Security. 
The Security Deed, for so long as MSIP is the only FX Counterparty, relates separately to each 
Pool to which the Individual Securities of each class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised 
of Individual Securities of such class) relate and accordingly the Trustee may exercise its powers 
referred to above in respect of one or more Pools and need not do so, or do so simultaneously, in 
respect of all Pools. 
(c) Where a FX Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same 
time as a Defaulted Obligation, a holder of affected relevant Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Security Trustee to take action 
as described in paragraph (b)(i) until the expiry of 30 days from the occurrence of the FX Counterparty 
Event of Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such period of 30 
days, the Security Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action as described in paragraph

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(b)(ii). For this purpose “affected” Currency-Hedged Metal Securities means, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all of them. 
3. Allocations 
All receipts and deliveries of Bullion in respect of any PMA Sub-Pool shall be made to or from the Secured Metal 
Accounts relating to such PMA Sub-Pool. 
Upon: 
(a) the occurrence or designation of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation) under the ISDA Master Agreement; or 
(b) in any other circumstances (if any) where a transfer or delivery to or from the FX Counterparty has 
been or is required to be made of an amount expressed to be payable or deliverable by reference 
to a Bullion Class or all Bullion Classes or classes (so that the amount is not expressed to be payable 
or deliverable in respect of a single class or PMA Sub-Pool), 
then any Physical Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Documentation) or Cash Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Documentation) for the relevant Bullion Class or any 
other amount payable or deliverable in respect of that Bullion Class or all Bullion Classes shall be allocated to 
each PMA Sub-Pool on the basis of the Bullion Close- out Amount (as defined in the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation) and Bullion Undelivered Amount (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Documentation) for the 
Metal Adjustment Contracts attributable to such PMA Sub-Pool or any other termination or close-out amount 
in respect of such Metal Adjustment Contracts, in each case before such amounts were aggregated or netted 
for the purposes of calculating any such Physical Early Termination Amount or Cash Early Termination Amount 
or other amount. Any other costs or receipts not calculated by reference to any single class, Pool or PMA Sub-
Pool shall be allocated to each PMA Sub-Pool on such basis as the Issuer considers to be equitable or, if the 
Issuer is the Defaulting Party under the ISDA Master Agreement or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred 
and is continuing, as the FX Counterparty considers to be equitable (which in either case in relation to costs, 
fees, expenses and taxes relating to enforcement or protection of rights due under the ISDA Master Agreement 
(“ISDA Enforcement Claims”) shall be on the basis that (i) if such ISDA Enforcement Claims are claimed by 
the FX Counterparty they shall only be allocated to the PMA Sub-Pools against which an ISDA Enforcement 
Claim is made; (ii) if such ISDA Enforcement Claims are claimed by the Issuer they shall only be allocated to 
the PMA Sub-Pools in respect of which an ISDA Enforcement Claim is made; and (iii) in either case such ISDA 
Enforcement Claim shall be allocated to such PMA Sub-Pools pro rata to the amount of such ISDA 
Enforcement Claim). 
4. Certificates and Information 
Upon: 
(a) the occurrence or designation of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the Metal Adjustment 
Documentation) under the ISDA Master Agreement (other than where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party 
under the ISDA Master Agreement); and 
(b) in any other circumstances (other than if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing) 
where a transfer or delivery to or from the FX Counterparty has been or is required to be made of an 
amount expressed to be payable or deliverable by reference to a Bullion Class or all Bullion Classes 
or classes (so that the amount is not expressed to be payable or deliverable in respect of a single class 
or PMA Sub-Pool), 
then the Issuer undertakes that it will deliver a certificate to the Security Trustee, which shall be prepared so 
as to reflect allocations to be made as described above. 
Where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party under the ISDA Master Agreement or if an Issuer Insolvency Event 
has occurred, the FX Counterparty undertakes in the Security Deed to deliver similar information to the Security 
Trustee. If, for whatever reason, the Issuer or the FX Counterparty (as applicable) fail to give the required 
certificate or information to the Security Trustee, ManJer undertakes in the Security Deed to procure the 
provision to the Security Trustee of the necessary information and advice, at ManJer’s own cost and expense. 
5. Application of Security 
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Security Trustee may collect, sell, or otherwise 
deal with the Secured Property in such manner as the Security Trustee thinks fit, and may take such actions

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
or proceedings in connection therewith as it considers appropriate. All property or monies received by the 
Security Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property shall be held by the Security Trustee upon 
trust, to apply them in accordance with the following Priority Waterfall: 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Security Trustee and the Trustee and unpaid 
(including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by the Security Trustee or 
the Trustee) under the Security Deed and the Trust Instrument (as determined by the Security Trustee in its 
absolute discretion), and to payment of any remuneration and expenses of any receiver and the costs of 
realisation of the security constituted by the Security Deed then unpaid (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding 
any Redemption Obligations owed to the Trustee under the Trust Instrument); 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or discharge of all amounts then due and payable or deliverable by the 
Issuer to the relevant FX Counterparty under the relevant Metal Adjustment Documentation with that FX 
Counterparty; 
THIRDLY in or towards payment or performance of all amounts then due and unpaid or undelivered by the 
Issuer under the Services Agreement to ManJer (or any Affiliate or successor of ManJer or any other person 
with which the Issuer has entered into a Services Agreement); 
FOURTHLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then due and unpaid 
and undelivered and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of the relevant Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of that class; and 
FIFTHLY, subject as provided in the Security Deed, in payment or delivery of the balance (if any) to the Issuer 
(without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, any question as to how such payment or delivery to the Issuer 
shall be dealt with as between the Issuer and any other person). 
6. Security Trustee’s Retirement and Removal 
A Security Trustee may retire at any time on giving not less than three months’ prior written notice to the Issuer 
without giving any reason and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred by reason of such 
retirement. The Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) or 
the FX Counterparty by notice in writing may appoint or remove any Security Trustee. Any person appointed 
as Security Trustee by Extraordinary Resolution under the Security Deed must have first been consented to 
in writing by the relevant FX Counterparty. 
7. Liability 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Security Trustee has no liability under the 
Security Deed for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Security Trustee is not, in execution 
of the trusts and powers under the Security Deed, liable for any loss arising by reason of any mistake or 
omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful misconduct, gross negligence or 
default of another director, officer or employee or Security Trustee. 
The Security Trustee is not liable for the acts, defaults or misconduct of any receiver or similar officer of any 
part of the Secured Property by reason of it making or consenting to the appointment of such receiver or similar 
officer under the Security Deed, or the terms on which such appointment is made. 
The Security Trustee is not responsible for any Liability which may result from its exercise or non- exercise of 
its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents and the Prospectus. 
The Security Trustee is not responsible for any liability which may be suffered by any person as a result of the 
lack of or inadequacy of any insurance of any of the property created by the Documents. 
If and to the extent that, in order to give any instructions to the Custodian pursuant to the Security Deed, the 
Security Trustee requires information from any other person, then the Security Trustee will take such steps as 
appear to it to be reasonable to obtain such information as soon as it appears to it to be reasonable. Subject 
thereto, the Security Trustee will not be obliged to give such instructions until it has obtained such information 
or such other information as may appear to it to be a reasonable substitute. 
Without prejudice to its obligation to submit all necessary instructions to the Custodian under the Security 
Deed, the Security Trustee shall not be under any obligation to monitor or procure that receipts and deliveries 
of Bullion in respect of any PMA Sub-Pool are made to or from the Secured Metal Accounts relating to such 
PMA Sub-Pool or that any Physical Early Termination Amount or Cash Early Termination Amount is allocated

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
as described in the Security Deed and the Security Trustee may rely absolutely upon any certificate, 
information or advice given to it as described above and any certificate or information provided to it. 
8. Governing Law 
The Security Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in relation to the Security Deed is 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Security Trustee from commencing 
proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
1PART 8 
CUSTODY AND THE CUSTODIAN AGREEMENTS 
 
Storage and Insurance of Bullion 
Bullion will be held by the Custodian at its London vault premises but may be held elsewhere by the Custodian 
or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the Custodian or by a delegate of the Sub-Custodian on a temporary basis 
prior to Bullion being transported to such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process. The 
Custodian will be responsible for the transportation, handling and any costs associated with moving Bullion to 
or from its London vault premises and between any vaults of Sub- Custodians. 
As at the date of this document the Sub-Custodians directly appointed by the Custodian are Brink’s Limited, 
Loomis UK Limited, Johnson Matthey, Royston and Malca Amit UK Limited. 
The Custodian (or one of its affiliates) may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in connection 
with its custodial obligations with respect to Bullion held by it as it considers appropriate and will be responsible 
for all costs, fees and expenses (including any relevant taxes) in relation to such insurance arrangements. The 
Custodian has no obligation to insure such Bullion against loss, theft or damage and the Issuer does not intend 
to insure against such risks. In addition, the Security Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate 
insurance arrangements have been made, or for insuring the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts, and 
shall not be required to make any enquiry regarding such matters. 
Furthermore, neither the Issuer nor the Security Trustee will require any direct or indirect Sub- Custodians to 
be insured or bonded with respect to their custodial activities or in respect of the Bullion held by them pursuant 
to the Custodian Agreements. 
Consistent with industry standards, the Custodian maintains group insurance policies that cover all metals held 
in its and its Sub-Custodians’ vaults for the accounts of all their customers for a variety of events. The Issuer 
may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, be provided with details of these insurance coverage arrangements 
from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
The Custodian has agreed to charge a fee for its services under the Custodian Agreements based on the 
aggregate amounts of Bullion held in the relevant Secured Allocated Accounts (with no minimum fee), 
calculated daily and payable monthly in arrears in Bullion relating to the same kind of Bullion as that to which 
the Secured Allocated Account relates. 
The Custodian Agreements were for an initial fixed term of five years from 28 February 2013 and continue 
unless any of the Issuer (in respect of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement only), the Security 
Trustee (in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements only) or the Custodian gives 90 days’ prior 
written notice, or immediately in certain circumstances. 
The Custodian 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a national banking association organised under the laws of the United States 
which acts through its London branch at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP and provides custody 
and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the Custodian Agreements. 
The Custodian is subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, USA. In addition to supervision and examination by the United States federal 
authorities, JPMorgan Chase’s London office is regulated by the FCA. JPMorgan Chase is a subsidiary of 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The Custodian will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts and 
the Subscription Unallocated Accounts maintained with it. The primary business activity of the Custodian in 
respect of its role to the Issuer is to act as custodian of Bullion. The Custodian will maintain custody of the 
assets on both a book-entry or unallocated basis and on an allocated basis. 
While the UK operations of the Custodian are regulated by the FCA, the custodial services provided by the 
Custodian and any Sub-Custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently not a regulated activity 
subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
The Custodian and any of its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise 
investment discretion. 
The Custodian Agreements contain provisions limiting the liability of the Custodian and indemnities in favour 
of the Custodian which are restricted to exclude matters arising by reason of loss or damage arising as a direct 
result of fraud, negligence or wilful default by the Custodian in the performance of its duties. The Custodian 
may make use of Sub-Custodians and depositories in the exercise of its functions. 
The Custodian does not warrant the contents of this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, 
administration or net asset value calculation of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Value Added Tax 
Platinum, palladium and silver are subject to 20 per cent. VAT when imported into the United Kingdom (except 
those arrivals from within the EU which are not currently subject to such import VAT). The VAT can be reclaimed 
as long as the importer is a member of the LBMA (in the case of silver) and the LPPM (in the case of platinum 
and palladium) and the metals are kept within the London “black box” clearing system. No VAT is payable when 
investment gold is imported into the United Kingdom. 
The Custodian is a member of both the LBMA and the LPPM and thus any VAT charged to the Custodian 
under the Programme is reclaimable. The processes designed by the Custodian for the benefit of the Issuer 
means that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities should not accrue any future irrecoverable VAT charges, 
although if the rules for VAT or importation were changed, it is possible that Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
could be liable for irrecoverable VAT when the Bullion is imported into the UK. However, under current rules, if 
upon redemption the Security Holder requires physical delivery outside of the “black box” system then they will 
be liable for VAT. 
In respect of metals coming in from outside the European Union, they can be brought straight into the bonded 
warehouse which will mean that as they are not in free circulation no import VAT charge arises. They can be 
traded whilst remaining in bond, without a VAT charge arising. Storage charges for metals in bond do not attract 
a VAT charge, whereas storage charges for metals that are outside the bond but fall within the reliefs of the 
London “black box” clearing system are subject to VAT. 
Pursuant to the Custodian Agreements, the Custodian (and not the Issuer the Trustee or the Security Trustee) 
is liable for any VAT. 
The VAT treatment of metals imported from the EU may change in the event that the UK leaves the EU without 
a deal. If the current exemption from import VAT on arrivals from the EU ceases to apply, it is expected that the 
VAT treatment applicable to imports from outside the EU would apply, as summarised above. 
The Custodian Agreements 
The Secured Metal Accounts have been established pursuant to the terms of the Secured Metal Accounts 
Agreements. The following is a summary of these documents and the Subscription Unallocated Accounts 
Agreement. As this relates to the Custodian Agreements the following provisions are drafted in legal language. 
Explanation of how they relate to Security Holders can be found throughout the Prospectus including in Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
1. SECURED METAL ACCOUNTS 
(a) 
The Custodian will open and maintain the Secured Metal Accounts in the name of the Security 
Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the security granted by the Security Deed and in its capacity 
as Security Trustee for the Secured Parties). The Secured Metal Accounts will each evidence and 
record the withdrawals of Bullion from and deposits of Bullion to that account. Each Secured Metal 
Account will be denominated in respect of platinum, palladium and silver in troy ounces and in 
respect of gold fine troy ounces and will be denominated according to the Pool or PMA Sub-Pool to 
which they relate. 
(b) 
The Custodian will provide reports by fax or by e-mail (at the option of the Security Trustee) to the 
Security Trustee by the close of each Business Day (only if there have been any changes). The 
Custodian retains the right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. 
(c) 
The Custodian acknowledges that, pursuant to each Security Deed, the Issuer has secured or will 
secure by way of first legal mortgage to the Security Trustee for the benefit of itself, and the other 
Secured Parties all its rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to all Bullion held in or

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
credited to the Secured Metal Accounts and assigned by way of security all the rights of the Issuer 
in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts, including the rights of the Issuer in the Secured Metal 
Accounts Agreements. 
2. SUBSCRIPTION UNALLOCATED ACCOUNTS 
(a) 
The Custodian will open and maintain the Subscription Unallocated Accounts in the name of the 
Issuer. The Subscription Unallocated Accounts will each evidence and record the withdrawals of 
Bullion from and deposits of Bullion to that account. Each Subscription Unallocated Account will be 
denominated in respect of platinum, palladium and silver in troy ounces and in respect of gold in 
fine troy ounces and will be denominated according to the Pool or PMA Sub-Pool to which they 
relate. 
(b) 
The Custodian will provide reports by fax or by email (at the option of the Issuer) to the Issuer by 
the close of each Business Day (only if there have been any changes). The Custodian retains the 
right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. 
3. DEPOSITS 
Notice of an intended deposit into the relevant Secured Unallocated Account must be given by the Issuer to 
the Custodian no later than 3.00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to that on which the Security 
Trustee (in the case of the relevant Secured Allocated Account from which such deposit is to be made) or the 
Issuer (in the case of the relevant Subscription Unallocated Account from which such deposit is to be made) 
wishes the Custodian to credit to such Secured Unallocated Account Bullion debited from the relevant Secured 
Allocated Account or the relevant Subscription Unallocated Account. 
Notice of an intended deposit into the relevant Subscription Unallocated Account must be given by the Issuer 
to the Custodian no later than 2.00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to that on which the Issuer 
wishes the Custodian to credit to the corresponding Secured Unallocated Account Bullion debited from such 
Subscription Unallocated Account. 
4. WITHDRAWALS 
The Custodian may amend the procedures for withdrawing Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts only 
where such amendment is caused by a change in procedures of the Relevant Association. 
Once a withdrawal of Bullion from a Secured Allocated Account is requested, such Bullion must be de- 
allocated for purposes of crediting it to an unallocated Bullion account. The process of de-allocation of Bullion 
may involve minimal adjustments to the weight of Bullion to be withdrawn to adjust such weight to the whole 
bars available. 
5. INSTRUCTIONS 
The Issuer, the Security Trustee and the Custodian have agreed that only the Security Trustee shall have the 
right to give instructions to the Custodian for withdrawal of Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts. 
If, in the Custodian’s opinion, any instructions are unclear or ambiguous, the Custodian will use reasonable 
endeavours (taking into account any relevant time constraints) to obtain clarification of those instructions from, 
in the case of a Subscription Unallocated Account, the Issuer or, in the case of a Secured Metal Account, the 
Security Trustee (but not from the Issuer) and, failing that, the Custodian may in its absolute discretion and 
without any liability on its part, act upon what the Custodian believes in good faith such instructions to be or 
refuse to take any action or execute such instructions until any ambiguity or conflict has been resolved to the 
Custodian’s satisfaction. 
In the case of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreements, only the Issuer may give instructions to the 
Custodian for the withdrawal of Bullion from a Subscription Unallocated Account. 
6. CUSTODY SERVICES 
The Custodian is appointed as the custodian of the Bullion credited to the Metal Accounts in accordance with 
the Custodian Agreements and any applicable rules of the Relevant Association which apply to the Custodian 
and subject to the Security. The Custodian will segregate Bullion in each Secured Allocated Account from the 
Bullion in each other Secured Allocated Account and from any Bullion which it owns or holds for others by 
making appropriate entries in its books and records and will require any Sub- Custodians it appoints to so 
segregate such Bullion. The Custodian will identify in its books the Security Trustee as the legal mortgagee of

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
the Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts and the Issuer as the legal owner of the Bullion credited to 
the Subscription Unallocated Accounts. 
The Custodian agrees to use, or where applicable procure any Sub-Custodian to use, commercially reasonable 
efforts promptly to transport any Bullion held for the Issuer by or for a Sub-Custodian to the Custodian’s London 
vault premises at its own cost and risk. 
7. SUB-CUSTODIANS 
The Custodian may appoint Sub-Custodians solely for the temporary custody and safekeeping of Bullion until 
transported to the relevant vault premises. The Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement requires the Custodian 
to use reasonable care in the selection of those Sub-Custodians and provides that it shall not be liable for any 
loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from an act or omission, or insolvency, of any Sub-
Custodian (or any further delegate of such Sub-Custodian) it appoints unless the appointment of that Sub-
Custodian was made by it negligently or in bad faith. The only Sub-Custodians which the Custodian has 
currently appointed to perform such duties are Brink’s Limited, Loomis UK Limited, Johnson Matthey, Royston 
and Malca Amit UK Limited. 
The Custodian is not liable in contract, tort or otherwise for any loss, damage or expense arising directly or 
indirectly from any act or omission, or insolvency, of any Sub-Custodian or any further delegate of such Sub-
Custodian unless the appointment of that Sub-Custodian was made by the Custodian negligently or in bad 
faith. 
8. FEES AND EXPENSES 
The Custodian has agreed to charge a fee for its services under the Custodian Agreements at a rate based 
on the aggregate value of Bullion held in each Secured Allocated Accounts (with no minimum fee), calculated 
at the end of each Business Day and payable monthly in arrears (as determined by the Custodian) in Bullion 
relating to the same kind of Bullion and having the same denomination as that (or one of those) to which the 
Secured Allocated Account relates. 
In addition, the Issuer is required to procure the payment to the Custodian on demand of all costs, charges 
and expenses (including any relevant taxes other than VAT, duties and legal fees but excluding fees for 
transportation, storage and insurance of Bullion and any fees and expenses of Sub-Custodians, which are 
covered by the fee above) incurred by the Custodian in connection with the performance of its duties and 
obligations under the Custodian Agreements or otherwise in connection with the Bullion credited to the Metal 
Accounts. 
9. VALUE ADDED TAX 
All sums payable under the Custodian Agreements by the Issuer to the Custodian shall be deemed to be 
inclusive of VAT, if and to the extent VAT is properly chargeable. 
10. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY 
(a) General: The Custodian will use reasonable care in the performance of its duties under the 
Custodian Agreements and will only be responsible for any loss or damage suffered as a direct 
result of any negligence, fraud or wilful default on its part in the performance of its duties, and in 
which case its liability will not exceed the market value of Bullion lost or damaged at the time that 
such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by the Custodian, provided that the Custodian 
notifies the Company and the Security Trustee (in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts) promptly 
after any discovery of such lost or damaged Bullion. 
The Custodian is under no duty or obligation to make or take, or require any Sub-Custodian they 
appoint to make or take, any special arrangements or precautions beyond those required by any 
applicable rules of the Relevant Association, the Bank of England or any other applicable regulatory 
authority or as specifically set out in the relevant Custodian Agreement. 
(b) 
Insurance: The Custodian (or one of its affiliates) will make such insurance arrangements from time 
to time in connection with its custodial obligations under the Custodian Agreements as it considers 
appropriate, and it will be responsible for all costs, fees and expenses (including any relevant taxes) 
in relation thereto. The Issuer may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, review these insurance 
coverage arrangements from time to time upon reasonable notice. 
(c) 
Force majeure: The Custodian will not be liable for any delay in performance, or for the non- 
performance of any of its obligations under the Custodian Agreements by reason of any cause

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
beyond the Custodian’s reasonable control. This includes any act of God or war or terrorism or any 
breakdown, malfunction or failure of transmission, communication or computer facilities, industrial 
action, acts and regulations of any governmental or supra national bodies or authorities or regulatory 
or self-regulatory organisation, for any reason, to perform their obligations; provided, however, that, 
where possible, the Custodian will use all reasonable efforts to bring such an event to an end as 
soon as possible. 
(d) 
Indemnity: The Issuer shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Custodian (on an after tax basis) 
against all costs and expenses, damages, liabilities and losses (other than VAT) which the Custodian 
may suffer or incur, directly or indirectly in connection with the Custodian Agreements except to the 
extent that such sums are due directly to the negligence, wilful default or fraud of the Custodian. 
11. TERMINATION 
The Custodian Agreements may be terminated by either the Security Trustee (in respect of the Secured Metal 
Accounts Agreements only), the Issuer (in respect of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement only) 
or the Custodian giving to the other party or parties not less than 90 days’ written notice unless any of the 
following circumstances occur in which case any Custodian Agreement may be terminated immediately upon 
written notice as follows: 
i. 
by the Security Trustee (in the case of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements) or the Issuer (in the 
case of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement), if the Custodian ceases to offer the 
services contemplated by the relevant Custodian Agreement to its clients or proposes to withdraw 
from the bullion custody business; 
ii. 
by the Security Trustee (in the case of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements) or the Issuer (in 
the case of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement) or the Custodian, if it becomes 
unlawful for the Custodian to be a party to the relevant Custodian Agreement or to offer its services 
to the Issuer on the terms contemplated by such agreement or it becomes unlawful for the Security 
Trustee (in the case of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements only) or the Issuer to receive such 
services or to be a party to such agreement; 
iii. 
by the Custodian, if there is any event or circumstance which, in the Custodian’s sole view, indicates 
the Issuer’s insolvency or impending insolvency; 
iv. 
by the Security Trustee (in the case of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements) or the Issuer (in 
the case of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement), if there is any event which, in the 
Security Trustee’s or the Issuer’s (as the case may be) sole view, indicates the Custodian’s 
insolvency or impending insolvency; or 
v. 
by the Security Trustee (in the case of the Secured Metal Accounts Agreements) or the Issuer (in 
the case of the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement) or by the Custodian, if any of the 
other Custodian Agreements cease to be in full force and effect at any time. 
If arrangements have not been made for the redelivery of the Bullion held in the Metal Accounts within six 
months of the termination date specified in the termination notice, the Custodian will be entitled to sell such 
Bullion and account to the Security Trustee or the Issuer (as applicable) for the proceeds after deducting any 
amounts due to the Custodian under the Custodian Agreements. Termination shall not affect rights and 
obligations then outstanding under the Custodian Agreements which shall continue to be governed by the 
Custodian Agreements until all obligations have been fully performed. 
12. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Each Custodian Agreement and any non-contractual disputes or claims arising in connection with each 
Custodian Agreement are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law and the parties 
agree that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which may arise out of or 
in connection with any Custodian Agreement and for these purposes the parties irrevocably subject to the non-
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
2PART 9 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METAL ADJUSTMENT 
DOCUMENTATION AND METAL ADJUSTMENT CONTRACTS 
Each class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be linked to corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts 
between the Issuer and one or more FX Counterparties. A description of certain of the terms of the Metal 
Adjustment Contracts is set out under the heading “Metal Adjustment Contracts” below. Where Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are issued or Redeemed the Issuer will effect an increase or reduction in the number 
of the relevant Metal Adjustment Contracts as described below. In order to enter into a Metal Adjustment 
Contract, a FX Counterparty must have entered into Metal Adjustment Documentation with the Issuer. At the 
date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into Metal Adjustment Documentation with MSIP. 
Metal Adjustment Documentation 
MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed Metal Adjustment Agreement with MSIP under which, 
subject to the provisions thereof and the payment of the Hedging Fee, the Issuer can create and cancel on a 
continuous basis, subject to the Daily Creation Limits, the Daily Cancellation Limits and the Volume Limits and 
certain other conditions, any class of Metal Adjustment Contract. 
The MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement continues in full force and effect, subject to termination in accordance 
therewith, and as more fully described below. 
Compulsory Cancellation of Metal Adjustment Contracts 
A compulsory cancellation date (a “Compulsory Cancellation Date”) will occur (or be deemed to occur) in 
respect of any or all classes of Metal Adjustment Contracts where: 
 
the Issuer or MSIP gives not less than 6 months’ notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date in 
respect of all Metal Adjustment Contracts to which MSIP is a party; 
 
the Issuer gives at least 30 Business Days’ notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date in respect of 
any class of Metal Adjustment Contract where all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such class 
are to be Redeemed; 
 
the Issuer gives at least two Business Days’ notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date in respect of 
any class of Metal Adjustment Contract where all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of such class 
are to be Redeemed pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Compulsory Redemption on a fall in Value Relative 
to Principal Amount); 
 
an Early Termination Date occurs or is designated by either MSIP or the Issuer in respect of one or 
more classes of Metal Adjustment Contract pursuant to the terms of the MSIP ISDA Master 
Agreement; or 
 
the Issuer gives at least 30 Business Days’ notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date in respect of 
the remaining Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a class in connection with which MSIP has 
already designated an Early Termination Date for some but not all of the Metal Adjustment Contracts 
of that class. 
Where notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date has been given: 
 
no Metal Adjustment Contract of the relevant class may be created on or after the date on which 
notice of such Compulsory Cancellation Date is received by the other party; 
 
no further Cancellation Notices may be given in respect of the relevant class of Metal Adjustment 
Contract on or after the date on which notice of such Compulsory Cancellation Date is received by 
the other party; 
 
all existing Metal Adjustment Contracts of the relevant class or classes will be cancelled from the 
Compulsory Cancellation Date.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Termination 
The MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement will terminate following payment or satisfaction in full by both the 
Issuer and MSIP of all amounts owed in respect of all Metal Adjustment Contracts closed following a 
Compulsory Cancellation Date in respect of all classes, and satisfaction in full of all obligations owed under 
the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement. 
Amendments 
MSIP may elect to amend the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement if the Issuer enters into or amends a Metal 
Adjustment Agreement with another Metal Adjustment Contract Counterparty so as to be on terms no less 
favourable than that other Metal Adjustment Agreement as so entered into or amended and for this purpose 
the consent of the Trustee will not be required. 
MSIP ISDA Master Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and schedule thereto with 
MSIP. The MSIP ISDA Master Agreement will govern each Metal Adjustment Contract entered into pursuant 
to the MSIP Metal Adjustment Agreement. The economic terms will be set out in a Master Confirmation 
Agreement, as supplemented by a pricing notice for each Metal Adjustment Contract. 
Events of Defaults and Termination Events 
The occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement would 
allow the non-defaulting or non-affected party to terminate the Metal Adjustment Contracts governed by the 
MSIP ISDA Master Agreement. 
The Events of Default in Sections 5(a)(i) to (viii) and Termination Events in Sections 5(b)(i) to (v) of the standard 
form 2002 ISDA Master Agreement apply to both the Issuer and MSIP subject to certain amendments. There 
are differences between the “bankruptcy” event of default under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement as it applies 
to the Issuer as compared to the definition of “Issuer Insolvency Event” which may result in an event of default 
occurring under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement with respect to the Issuer in circumstances which would 
not constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event. 
Certain Additional Termination Events apply in respect of the Issuer, including: 
 
if there is a breach by the Issuer of its obligations under certain provisions of the MSIP Metal 
Adjustment Agreement and MSIP gives the Issuer written notice of such breach and it is not (where 
capable of remedy) remedied within ten calendar days; 
 
if the Issuer disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of the MSIP 
Metal Adjustment Agreement; 
 
if the terms of the MSIP Security Deed are amended in any way without the consent of MSIP and 
such amendment has an adverse effect on MSIP’s position in the Priority Waterfall; and 
 
the occurrence of a Bullion Settlement Disruption (as specified in the MSIP Master Confirmation 
Agreement). 
Pursuant to an additional payments agreement (the “Additional Payments Agreement”) between ManJer, 
MSIP and the Issuer, ManJer also pays to MSIP an amount each month (each an “Additional Amount”), 
calculated and payable as set out in the Additional Payments Agreement. 
If any Additional Amount has not been paid in full within three months, then an Additional Termination Event 
will occur under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement further to which MSIP will have the right to terminate all 
outstanding Metal Adjustment Contracts between MSIP and the Issuer. 
In addition, there are provisions which provide for the automatic occurrence of an Early Termination Date 
where the Security Trustee has been instructed to take enforcement action against the PMA Sub-Pools 
applicable to MSIP. 
On the occurrence of an Early Termination Date, the (or each) party specified under the MSIP ISDA Master 
Agreement as the “Determining Party” will calculate an Early Termination Amount separately for each Bullion 
Class. Such Early Termination Amount will comprise a Physical Early Termination Amount and a Cash Early 
Termination Amount. The Physical Early Termination Amount will be calculated on the basis of (I) the sum of 
(a) outstanding accrued obligations under Metal Adjustment Contracts of the relevant Bullion Class to deliver 
amounts in the relevant Bullion (“Bullion Denominated Obligations”) owing to the Determining Party plus (b)

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
the amount of the losses or costs of the Determining Party in respect of future Bullion Denominated Obligations 
that are or would be incurred (expressed as a positive quantity) or gains of the Determining Party that are or 
would be realised (expressed as a negative quantity) in replacing, or in providing for the Determining Party the 
economic equivalent of, the material terms of such future Bullion Denominated Obligations and any option 
rights in respect thereof less (II) outstanding accrued Bullion Denominated Obligations owing to the party which 
is not the Determining Party. 
A single Physical Early Termination Amount will be calculated on a net basis for the whole of each Bullion 
Class. This Physical Early Termination Amount will be arrived at by netting amounts owing in respect of 
individual classes comprised in the same Bullion Class against each other, and as a result balancing deliveries 
may need to be made between the Secured Metal Accounts relating to such classes. 
The Cash Early Termination Amount under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement is calculated in a broadly similar 
manner except that it relates to cash payment obligations under the relevant Metal Adjustment Contracts 
instead of Bullion delivery obligations. 
MSIP Master Confirmation Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an English law governed Master Confirmation Agreement with MSIP for the 
purpose of facilitating the process of creating and confirming Metal Adjustment Contracts. 
Priority 
In the event of any inconsistency between the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement (including the Master 
Confirmation Agreement) and the Metal Adjustment Agreement the terms of the MSIP ISDA Master 
Agreement (including the Master Confirmation Agreement) shall prevail. 
Calculation Agent 
MSIP shall act as calculation agent in respect of the Metal Adjustment Contracts under its own Metal 
Adjustment Documentation. 
Hedging Disruption/Change in Law Termination 
If MSIP determines that a Hedging Disruption/Change in Law has occurred in respect of a Metal Adjustment 
Contract on any Pricing Day, MSIP may notify the Issuer. The Aggregate Delivery Amount in respect of such 
Pricing Day will be deliverable in respect of such Metal Adjustment Contract and following such settlement 
each party will be discharged from all obligations for delivery of any further Aggregate Delivery Amounts in 
respect of such Metal Adjustment Contract. 
Hedging Disruption/Change in Law has the meaning given to such term in the Master Confirmation Agreement 
but includes: 
 
any change of law or interpretation that results in it being impossible or impractical for MSIP to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any hedge position relating to a class or classes of Metal Adjustment Contract; 
 
where MSIP determines it is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to acquire, maintain 
or dispose of any hedge position or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any hedge portion relating 
to the Metal Adjustment Contract; and 
 
where MSIP will incur a materially increased cost in relation to a Metal Adjustment Contract and the 
Issuer does not agree to MSIP’s proposal to restructure the Metal Adjustment Contract to take account 
of such increased cost. 
Additional Disruption, Index Disruption or Bullion Settlement Disruption 
If on any Pricing Day in respect of any class of Metal Adjustment Contract: 
 
an Additional Disruption has been continuing for two or, in certain circumstances, five, consecutive 
Index Business Days in respect of the relevant Index; 
 
an Index Disruption is occurring in respect of the relevant Index and has continued for a period of five 
consecutive Pricing Days,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
the Aggregate Delivery Amount as determined on that Pricing Day will become due for Delivery and following 
such Delivery each party will be discharged from all obligations for delivery or payment of any further Aggregate 
Delivery Amounts in respect of such Metal Adjustment Contract. 
Such final Aggregate Delivery Amount will be calculated by MSIP in accordance with the provisions of the 
Master Confirmation Agreement. 
In the case of an Additional Disruption, no Daily Delivery Amount will be determined in respect of a Pricing 
Day on which an Additional Disruption is outstanding except the final Aggregate Delivery Amount if the relevant 
Metal Adjustment Contract is to be discharged as described above. As there will be no Index level available in 
respect of the Pricing Day applicable for such final Aggregate Delivery Amount, the Calculation Agent will have 
considerable discretion as to the calculation of the Aggregate Delivery Amount due in respect of such Pricing 
Day. 
Irrespective of whether a Metal Adjustment Contract is discharged further to an Index Disruption as described 
above, in respect of a Pricing Day whilst an Index Disruption is outstanding, the Calculation Agent will have 
considerable discretion as to the calculation of the Aggregate Delivery Amount due in respect of such Pricing 
Day. 
Bullion Settlement Disruption 
Bullion Settlement Disruption shall have the meaning given to such term in the Master Confirmation Agreement 
but includes where an Aggregate Delivery Amount cannot be physically delivered in accordance with the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation on account of there being a disruption in the relevant Bullion market and this 
continues for five consecutive days which (in the absence of such disruption) would have been days on which 
a delivery could have been effected. The occurrence of a Bullion Settlement Disruption will result in an 
Additional Termination Event occurring under the ISDA Master Agreement in respect of the affected Metal 
Adjustment Contracts, an early termination of such Metal Adjustment Contracts and a cash payment being 
due either to or from the Issuer calculated in accordance with the early termination provisions of the ISDA 
Master Agreement. 
Metal Adjustment Contracts 
Metal Adjustment Contracts are designed to provide the Issuer with exposure to movement in the Indices to 
provide the currency-hedging element required to back the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and are entered 
into on an unfunded basis. Each Metal Adjustment Contract has a Metal Equivalent in troy ounces (or fine troy 
ounces in the case of gold) but is adjusted on each Pricing Day in the same manner as is the Metal Entitlement 
of the corresponding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. In the ordinary course, the Metal Equivalent of a 
Metal Adjustment Contract should always equal the Metal Entitlement of the corresponding Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities. 
Each class of Metal Adjustment Contract will be referenced to the same Index as the equivalent class of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Security and a Daily Delivery Amount (as further described below) will be calculated 
(in an amount of the relevant type of Bullion) in respect of each Pricing Day depending on the change in the 
level of the relevant Index since the previous Pricing Day. Daily Delivery Amounts are settled between the 
parties on a periodic basis as further described under the heading “Delivery” below. 
Creation and Cancellation of Metal Adjustment Contracts 
Whenever Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of a class are issued or redeemed, the Issuer will always create 
or cancel, as the case may be, corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts in accordance with provisions of 
the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement. 
If the Issuer receives one or more valid Application Forms or Redemption Forms in respect of a class of 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the Issuer will send to the relevant FX Counterparty a Creation Notice or 
Cancellation Notice requesting the creation or cancellation, as the case may be, of the corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts. The Issuer will, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Metal Adjustment 
Agreement, contact the FX Counterparty by telephone to seek confirmation of acceptance by the FX 
Counterparty of such Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice. The FX Counterparty will confirm such Creation 
Notice or Cancellation Notice provided that it complies with 
certain formalities (set out in the Metal Adjustment Agreement) as to form, quantum, procedure, timing and 
substance. Following such confirmation, the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contract will be created in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Elections 
Upon an Application Form being lodged for new Currency-Hedged Metal Securities: 
 
the Issuer will only issue new Currency-Hedged Metal Securities if it can create corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts under the Metal Adjustment Agreement; and 
 
the Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy such Application by the transfer of the 
appropriate number and class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities from one or more Security 
Holders seeking redemption. In that event, to the extent of the number and class of Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities transferred, no Metal Adjustment Contracts will be created. 
Daily Delivery Amount and Aggregate Delivery Amount 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement a Daily Delivery Amount is calculated in 
respect of each Metal Adjustment Contract on each Pricing Day depending on the change in the level of the 
relevant Index since the preceding Pricing Day. 
The Daily Delivery Amount will be an amount in ounces of the relevant type of Bullion determined using the 
following formulae (rounded to five decimal places with 0.000005 being rounded up):D 
𝐷𝐷𝐴௜,௧ൌ𝑁𝑆௜,௧ିଵ∗ቆ𝐼𝑀௜,௧
𝐼𝑀௜,௧ିଵ
െ1ቇ൅෍𝑁𝑈௔ሺ௜,்ሻఛ
௧ିଵ
்ି்
∗ቆ𝐼𝑀௜,௧
𝐼𝑀௜,௧ିଵ
െ1ቇ 
DAi,t,  is the Daily Delivery Amount on day t in respect of Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i; i refers 
to 
the relevant class of Metal Adjustment Contract; 
I  
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
t-1  
refers to the Pricing Day prior to day t; 
T 
refers to a day upon which a Binding Creation Notice (as defined in the Metal Adjustment Agreement) 
is received; 
T 
represents each Pricing Day from and including T until but not including t; 
α 
represents a number of Metal Adjustment Contracts; 
NSi,t-1, the aggregate Metal Equivalent of the Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i backing Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities of class i outstanding on day t-1 (the “Notional Settled”) determined as set out 
below; 
IMi,t 
is the closing settlement level in ounces of Bullion of the Index applicable to a Metal Adjustment 
Contract of Class i for day t; 
IMi,t-1 is the closing settlement level in ounces of Bullion of the Index applicable to a Metal Adjustment 
Contract of Class i for day t-1; 
IMi,T+1 is the closing settlement level in ounces of Bullion of the Index applicable to a Metal Adjustment 
Contract of Class i for Pricing Day T+1; 
IMi,T 
is the closing settlement level in ounces of Bullion of the Index applicable to a Metal Adjustment 
Contract of Class i for Pricing Day T; and 
NUα(i,T),h is the aggregate Metal Equivalent on Pricing Day t of the Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i 
backing Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of class i for which an Application was received on day T 
and which for which day t is the Settlement Date (the “Notional Unsettled”) determined as set out 
below. 
Notional Settled 
The Notional Settled in respect of a Class of Metal Adjustment Contracts on Pricing Day t-1 shall be an amount 
in ounces of the Bullion relevant to that Class calculated in accordance with the following formula (rounded to 
five decimal places with 0.000005 being rounded up): 
NSi,t – 1 = SESi,t – 1 x MEQi,t – 1

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
where: 
NSi,t-1 is the aggregate Metal Equivalent of the Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i backing Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities of class i outstanding on day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant Class of Metal Adjustment Contracts; 
t-1 
in respect of particular Pricing Day t, refers to the immediately preceding Pricing Day; 
SESi,t-1 is the number of Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i outstanding on Pricing Day t-1 less such 
number of Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i for which a Binding Cancellation Notice (as defined in the 
Metal Adjustment Agreement) has been received prior to Pricing Day t-1; and 
MEQi,t-1 is the Metal Equivalent for Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i for day t-1. 
Notional Unsettled 
The Notional Unsettled in respect of a Class of Metal Adjustment Contracts on any Pricing Day T shall be an 
amount in ounces of the Bullion relevant to that Class calculated in accordance with the following formula 
(rounded to 5 decimal places with 0.000005 being rounded up): 
 
NUαi,T ,T = αi,T x MEQi,T 
where: 
NUα(i,T),T is the aggregate Metal Equivalent on Pricing Day T of the Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i 
backing Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of class i for which an Application was received on day T and which 
for which day t is the Settlement Date; 
αi,T 
on Pricing Day t, is the number of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities corresponding to Metal 
Adjustments Contracts of Class i in respect of which a Binding Creation Notice was received on T, and for which 
day t is the Settlement Date; 
MEQi,t is the Metal Equivalent on Pricing Day t for Metal Adjustment Contracts of Class i; i 
refers 
to 
the relevant Class of Metal Adjustment Contract; 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
T 
refers to a day on which a Binding Creation Notice is received; and 
T 
represents each Pricing Day from and including T until but not including t. 
If the level of the relevant Index: 
 
increases from the preceding Pricing Day, the Daily Delivery Amount will be a positive amount; 
 
decreases from the preceding Pricing Day, the Daily Delivery amount will be a negative amount. 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Metal Adjustment Agreement, an Aggregate Delivery Amount is also 
calculated on each Pricing Day in respect of each class of Metal Adjustment Contracts being the sum of: 
i. 
the Daily Delivery Amount for such class of Metal Adjustment Contracts on that Pricing Day; and 
ii. 
the unsettled Aggregate Delivery Amount (if any) carried forward from the previous Pricing Day. 
Both the Daily Delivery Amount and the Aggregate Delivery Amount can be either positive or negative 
numbers. 
Delivery 
For each class of Metal Adjustment Contract, the Aggregate Delivery Amount will become due and deliverable 
in full (subject to the Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount): 
 
on any Pricing Day when the Aggregate Delivery Amount on that Pricing Day is equal to or in excess 
of the Daily Class Delivery Minimum for such class; or 
 
on the last Pricing Day of any calendar month on which the Aggregate Delivery Amount on that 
Pricing Day is equal to or in excess of the Monthly Class Delivery Minimum for such class.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
If the Aggregate Delivery Amount is a positive number, it will represent an amount of Bullion owing from the FX 
Counterparty to the Issuer. If the Aggregate Delivery Amount is a negative number, it will represent an absolute 
amount of Bullion owing from the Issuer to the FX Counterparty. 
Delivery of the Aggregate Delivery Amount will take place within two Business Days (or such other settlement 
period as may be specified for the relevant Bullion class in the Metal Adjustment Agreement) of the Aggregate 
Delivery Amount becoming due provided that if such day is a Bullion Settlement Disruption Day for that class 
then Delivery will be the next Business Day on which the market operated by the Relevant Association for the 
Bullion type to which such class relates is open for the transaction of business which is not a Bullion Settlement 
Disruption Day. An Additional Termination Event will be determined to have occurred without any notice or 
further action being required in the event of five consecutive Bullion Settlement Disruption Days. All settlements 
of Aggregate Delivery Amounts will be by transfers to or from the applicable Secured Unallocated Account. Any 
transfers to a FX Counterparty in settlement of the Aggregate Delivery Amount will be made on the instruction 
of the Security Trustee. 
In respect of any class of Metal Adjustment Contracts, to the extent that the Aggregate Delivery Amount which 
becomes due is in excess of the Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount applicable to that class, then an 
amount of Bullion equal to the Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount will be delivered as described above 
and any excess will be carried forward and included in the calculation of the Aggregate Delivery Amount for that 
class of Metal Adjustment Contract on the next Pricing Day. 
Upon cancellation of any Metal Adjustment Contracts pursuant to any Compulsory Cancellation of a class of 
Metal Adjustment Contracts, the relevant Daily Class Delivery Minimum and Monthly Class Delivery Minimum 
will not apply and the Aggregate Delivery Amount in respect of the applicable class of Metal Adjustment 
Contracts will be deliverable forthwith, subject to the applicable Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount. 
The Aggregate Delivery Amount will always be settled by way of Delivery of the relevant type of Bullion other 
than: 
 
(at the option of the FX Counterparty) upon termination of a class of Metal Adjustment Contracts, as 
a result of an Early Termination Date under the MSIP ISDA Master Agreement where the applicable 
Early Termination Amount is due from the Issuer to the FX Counterparty; 
 
where the Compulsory Cancellation is as a result of the insolvency of the FX Counterparty; or 
 
where the Compulsory Cancellation is as a result of a Bullion Settlement Disruption; 
in which circumstances, the US Dollar Equivalent of the Early Termination Amount (or such portion thereof as 
is received pursuant to close-out under the ISDA Master Agreement or in the course of relevant insolvency 
proceedings) will be payable in cash. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the applicable amounts in respect of Metal Adjustment Contracts are as 
follows: 
Class 
 
Pre-
Downgrade 
Daily Class 
Delivery 
Minimum 
(USD) 
Post-
Downgrade 
Daily Class 
Delivery 
Minimum 
(USD) 
Monthly 
Class 
Delivery 
Minimum 
(USD) 
Maximum 
Bullion 
Class 
Delivery 
Amount 
(USD)1 
 
GBP 
Daily 
Hedged Physical 
Gold 
0 
0 
0 
250,000,000 
EUR 
Daily 
Hedged Physical 
Gold 
0 
0 
0 
250,000,000

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
3PART 10 
PARTICULARS OF THE FX COUNTERPARTY 
At the date of this Prospectus Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (MSIP) is the sole FX Counterparty. 
Neither MSIP nor any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group has structured the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities or provided any advice or information in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities (subject to a 
limited exception for information provided by MSIP in relation to itself) nor accepts any responsibility in respect 
of this Prospectus or any other disclosure document or advertising materials in connection with the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. 
The information on MSIP in this Prospectus is based upon information made available to the Issuer by MSIP. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by MSIP, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not made any independent 
verification of information contained in this Prospectus provided to it by MSIP, relating to MSIP or any other 
member of the Morgan Stanley Group. 
MSIP is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with number 02068222, 
and whose registered office is at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA. The principal activity of 
MSIP is the provision of financial services to corporations, governments and financial institutions. MSIP is 
authorised by the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority 
and the U.K. Prudential Regulation Authority. 
Debt securities of MSIP are admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange plc. 
The arrangements entered into by MSIP with the Issuer in relation to the Metal Adjustment Contracts do not 
preclude or restrict the ability of MSIP, MS&CO or any other member of the Morgan Stanley Group from 
entering into any contracts or entering into any transactions with the Issuer, any Authorised Participant or any 
other person in the ordinary course of its business or otherwise. In addition, members of the Morgan Stanley 
Group trade in currency markets and may do so whether or not such trading could have an adverse effect on 
the Metal Entitlement of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
4PART 11 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer Certificates. The 
definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate translation, of the form of the 
Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates set out in Annexes 1 and 2 of 
this document. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitive German language text of the form of 
the Global Bearer Certificates and the English translation below, the former shall always prevail. 
Model Form of Global Bearer Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
 
Global Bearer Certificate for 
• registered [see Annex 1] [class of Individual/category of Basket] Securities of 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each 
As underlying stock for this Global Bearer Certificate the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”), is 
holding 
[see Annex 1] [class of Individual/category of Basket] Securities (hereinafter referred to as 
“Notes”) of WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 28 February 2013 between 
the Company and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation as amended/supplemented from time 
to time (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each, registered in the name of 
Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, and held in a special Safe Custody Account with 
Citibank N.A., London, England. Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to 
demand at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the delivery and registration in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders of the Company, in his name or in the name of a third party designated 
by him of such number of Notes as corresponds to his share in this Global Bearer Certificate. 
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate and 
forming an essential part thereof shall apply. 
Frankfurt am Main. 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING  
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Text of the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
Conditions of the Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
1. 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one managing director 
and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”). 
2. 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream the 
delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the name of 
a third party designated by him of such number of registered • [see Annex 1] [class of 
Individual/category of Basket] Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Hedged 
Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) 
constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 28 February 2013 between the Company and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as amended/supplemented from time to time (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and divided into securities with a 
principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each, as corresponds to his co- ownership share in this Global 
Bearer Certificate. Such demand shall be made by the co-owner through his depositary bank to 
Clearstream, stating to whom the Notes shall be delivered, respectively, the address to which the 
certificate evidencing the registration shall be mailed by the Registrar. 
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant to § 315 of 
German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties arising from such 
delivery resp. transfer and registration. 
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of individual bearer 
certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate. 
3. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in proportion to 
his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes under the laws of England 
and Jersey, Channel Islands. 
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream to the co-
owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall apply. 
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in EURO, in accordance with the foreign exchange control 
regulations prevailing at the time, unless the co-owner has in time before the due date demanded 
payment in USD (United States Dollars). 
4. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On demand it 
shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated by him. 
The Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well as the 
conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before each meeting. 
5. 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, fees or duties 
in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co-owners shall bear such 
taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global Bearer Certificate. 
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership shares in the 
Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any time be subject in the Federal 
Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the mere fact that it is holding the Notes. 
6. 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the co- owner’s 
right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such event these Conditions 
shall apply mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
7. 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England, (hereinafter 
referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, 
(hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its function as Nominee. In such event, Clearstream shall not 
be responsible for more than careful selection. This does not affect Clearstream’s right to assume itself 
the functions of the Custodian or the Nominee. In the case where the Custodian or the Nominee are 
replaced, any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee in these Conditions shall be deemed to refer 
to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
8. 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which would not require 
Clearstream’s assistance in the present form or should the admission of the Notes in the form of co-
ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate to trading and official quotation on German stock 
exchanges be withdrawn, Clearstream shall request from the co-owners instructions as provided for in 
Clause 2. paragraph 1 above. Should such instructions not be given within 3 months from the 
publication of the relevant request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its discretion to arrange for 
registration of the Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party designated in its request and to 
deposit the relevant Notes at the co-owner’s risk and expense with a depositary designated in its 
request. All obligations of Clearstream arising from the Global Bearer Certificate shall cease therewith. 
9. 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in the Bundesanzeiger. 
10. 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic or legal, which 
may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer Certificate in consequence of force 
majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at home or abroad or any other circumstances 
beyond Clearstream’s or the Custodian’s control. 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate with the due care 
of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at 
home or abroad or by any other circumstances beyond its control it is prevented from performing its 
obligations, it shall not be responsible. 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due performance of their 
functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall be pursued by Clearstream on the 
co-owners’ behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall only be responsible for careful selection of the 
Custodian and the Nominee. 
11. 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, the other conditions 
shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable condition shall be replaced in accordance 
with the intent and purpose of this contractual agreement. 
12. 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only insofar as it 
does not impair the rights of the co-owners. 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated name of the Issuer.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
5PART 12 
TAXATION 
1. UK Taxation 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of holding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs 
practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. 
The following paragraphs relate to Security Holders who are individuals (i.e. natural persons) acting 
in a private capacity and who are domiciled and resident in the UK for taxation purposes (“UK 
Individuals”), are within the charge to UK corporation tax and holding Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities as an investment or which are UK open-ended investment companies or authorised unit 
trust schemes. Accordingly, these paragraphs do not apply to certain categories of Security Holders, 
such as dealers (whether in Bullion or Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
The statements in this summary are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Any person who is contemplating acquiring Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
(whether or not pursuant to the Programme), particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any 
jurisdiction other than the UK, is strongly recommended to consult his professional advisers 
immediately. 
(b) 
The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it should 
not become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the Issuer 
does not carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK 
corporation tax purposes or through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would bring the 
Issuer within the charge to UK income tax, the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation tax or 
income tax on income and capital gains arising to it. The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer 
are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, branch or agency will arise insofar as this 
is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the conditions necessary to prevent any such 
permanent establishment, branch or agency coming into being will at all times be satisfied. 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities are required to be made under deduction or withholding for or on account of UK tax. 
(d) 
Corporation Tax on income and gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes 
as realising profits, gains or losses in respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, calculated in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting practice. These profits, gains or losses (which will include any profits, gains or losses on 
a disposal or redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and which may include fluctuations 
in value relating to foreign exchange gains and losses) will be treated as income for the purposes of 
a Security Holder’s corporation tax computation. 
(e) 
Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Provided the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” for 
UK tax purposes, any transfer or redemption of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security by a Security 
Holder who is a UK Individual will, subject to the offshore fund rules mentioned below, be a disposal 
of that Currency-Hedged Metal Security for UK capital gains tax purposes, which may, subject to any 
available exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable gain or allowance loss for those purposes. 
Subject to this, it is expected that the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will not be treated as “deeply 
discounted securities” for UK tax purposes. Investors are, however, advised to consult their own tax 
advisers in this connection.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
The Issuer may be treated as an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes, and accordingly, Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities may be treated as investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes. 
If this is the case, and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted 
securities” and no other exemption applies, any gain accruing to an investor upon the sale, 
redemption or other disposal of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be taxed as income and not 
as a capital gain, unless the Issuer achieves certification as a “reporting fund”. The Issuer has 
obtained notification from HM Revenue & Customs that WisdomTree Physical Gold – GBP Daily 
Hedged and WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged classes of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities have been accepted for entry into the “reporting fund” regime with effect from 1 January 
2013. Whilst it is expected that certification as a “reporting fund” will be maintained in respect of such 
classes for all periods, this cannot be guaranteed. The Issuer reserves the right to seek approval as 
a reporting fund for any class. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Issuer is required to report to investors 100 per cent. of 
the net income attributable to the relevant class of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. It is not 
expected that any such reportable income will arise in respect of any of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will be 
provided on the following website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource- library/prospectus-
and-regulatory-reports. 
(f) 
Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax 
purposes, and do not qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any profit arising 
to a Security Holder who is a UK Individual on transfer or redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities will be subject to UK income tax and not to UK capital gains tax. As noted above, it is 
expected that the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will not be treated as “deeply discounted 
securities” for UK purposes. 
(g) 
UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally 
subject to UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.), they are exempt 
from tax on capital gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. 
No. 2006/964) (the “2006 Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or losses 
accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on creditor 
loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect, capital profits, gains or losses are those 
which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt within the 
statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital gains/losses” or “other gains/losses”) in 
accordance with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These provisions do not 
however apply to a qualified investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership 
condition. In addition, Part 2B of the 2006 Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses 
(determined in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) 
arising in respect of a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the 
genuine diversity of ownership condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan 
relationships and derivative contracts) as a non- trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. 
These Parts of the 2006 Regulations will determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a 
Security Holder, which is a UK open- ended investment company or authorised unit trust scheme in 
respect of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, will be exempt from tax. 
(h) 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (“SDRT”) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the Register 
is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in 
the UK; and (iii) any instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in the UK, neither

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
stamp duty nor SDRT will be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities. 
The redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will not give rise to stamp duty or SDRT. 
(i) 
Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Currency-Hedged Metal Security may form part of the value 
of the estate of a Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject to certain 
exemptions and reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of a Currency-Hedged Metal Security 
on a gift of that Currency-Hedged Metal Security by, or on the death of, a Security Holder who is an 
individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to appropriate provisions in any applicable double 
taxation treaty. 
(j) 
VAT 
The acquisition and transfer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities by a Security Holder will be 
exempt from VAT. Where a Security Holder is entitled to redeem Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
(which will be in very limited circumstances) no VAT should arise where redemption is in cash. Where 
the redemption is in Bullion no VAT should arise either, unless the Security Holder requires delivery 
outside the “black box”, in which event VAT may be chargeable. 
(k) 
Common Reporting Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing US FATCA, the OECD 
developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address the issue of offshore tax evasion on 
a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS 
provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account 
information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax authorities in participating CRS jurisdictions will obtain from 
reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with other tax authorities in participating 
jurisdictions in which the investors of the reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual 
basis, financial account and personal information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by 
financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. The first 
information exchanges began in September 2017. Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, 
the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted 
by Jersey. Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable 
the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may 
subject the Issuer to penalties and/or other sanctions under the implementing regulations in Jersey 
and/or a Security Holder to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory 
termination of its interest in the Issuer. 
2. 
Jersey Taxation 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide and 
should be treated with appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, 
possibly with retrospective effect. A prospective investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax 
consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and 
redemption of the Currency Hedged Metal Securities and the receipt of payments thereon. Income 
Tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (the 
“Jersey Income Tax Law”), but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility 
company, nor a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying in 
Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will be 
subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. 
Security Holders (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect 
of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on 
account of Jersey tax.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(b) 
Stamp duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance 
or capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, 
ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. In the event of 
the death of an individual sole holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 
per cent. of the value of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, 
may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration which may be required in 
order to transfer or otherwise deal with Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by the deceased 
individual sole holder thereof. 
(c) 
Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(a) 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(b) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
(d) 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of 
legislation in the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under 
FATCA a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of US source income and certain 
payments of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to US source income, unless the 
Issuer complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other 
information about, direct and indirect United States holders of Currency- Hedged Metal Securities 
issued by the Issuer to the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey 
authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued 
by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per 
cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to United States 
sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by 
such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the 
US in respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the 
Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. If 
the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In 
certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce the redemption proceeds payable 
to any holder of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
(e) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating 
jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance)

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
(Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to 
comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has 
committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information 
in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed to 
implement the new global standard. 
Holders of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be required to provide additional information 
to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested 
information may subject an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or 
mandatory redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
(f) 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to 
the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both 
the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. 
Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its 
assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. 
Both could significantly affect returns to investors. 
3. 
Irish Taxation  
(a) 
General 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership 
and disposition of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. This 
summary deals only with Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held beneficially as capital assets and 
does not address special classes of Security Holders such as dealers in securities or those holding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as part of a trade. This summary is not exhaustive and Security 
Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the taxation consequences of 
their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the assumption that the Issuer is not 
resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or 
agency or have any other connection with Ireland other than the listing of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities on Euronext Dublin. The summary is based on current Irish taxation legislation and 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
(b) 
Irish Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities except where such payment has an Irish source. 
The payment is only likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the payment 
constitutes yearly interest and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities were secured on Irish situated assets which it is understood will 
not be the case. The mere offering of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to Irish investors or the 
listing of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities on Euronext Dublin will not cause such a payment 
to have an Irish source. In certain circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving 
interest on the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in Ireland on behalf of a Security Holder, will be 
obliged to operate a withholding tax.  
(c) 
Taxation of Income 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security 
Holder holding Currency-Hedged Metal Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to 
Irish tax on the amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on 
redemption, received from the Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax of rates of 
up to 40 per cent. and would also potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the 
universal social charge. Corporate Security Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25 per cent. of 
the amount of interest received from the Issuer. Credit against Irish tax on the interest received may 
be available in respect of any foreign withholding tax deducted by the Issuer. 
(d) 
Taxation of Capital Gains

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable to 
Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
currently at a 33 per cent. rate. Reliefs and allowances may be available in computing the Security 
Holder’s liability. 
(e) 
Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided 
the transfers do not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company. 
(f) 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities will be within the charge to 
capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or 
inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is 
domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are regarded as property situated in Ireland. The Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities could only be considered property situated in Ireland if the register of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the extent that certificates are issued in bearer 
form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This tax is charged at a rate of 33 per cent. on 
gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the relationship between the 
disponser and the done/successor and previous gifts and inheritances. 
(g) 
Offshore Fund Taxation 
While a holding of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities could potentially be treated as a material 
interest in an offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore 
funds the Irish Revenue Commissioners guidance indicates that exchange traded commodities which 
are generally structured as debt instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds 
but instead will come within general tax principles (as to which we refer to paragraphs (c) and (d) 
above). As recommended above, Security Holders should obtain independent tax advice in relation 
to the tax implications of holding and disposing of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
(h) 
Value Added Tax 
In Ireland value added tax is not applicable to the issue, transfer or otherwise dealing in securities. If 
upon redemption (which will be in very limited circumstances) a Security Holder requires physical 
delivery, and Bullion is transferred into Ireland, Irish VAT may become payable upon the transfer of 
Bullion into Ireland (unless the Bullion is brought into a bonded or a tax warehouse). Platinum, 
palladium and silver are subject to VAT at the standard rate (which is currently temporarily reduced 
to 21 per cent from the rate of 23 per cent until 28 February 2021). Investment in gold is VAT exempt.  
(i) 
Provision of Information  
Generally 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the 
relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed 
by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Security Holder is resident for taxation 
purposes. 
Common Reporting Standard (CRS) 
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax 
Matters (the Standard) was published, by the OECD and this includes the CRS. The goal of the 
Standard is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial account 
information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account holders tax resident in 
other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The OECD, used FATCA 
concepts in developing the CRS and as such the Standard is broadly similar to the FATCA

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly higher number of reportable 
persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion of multiple 
jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported. 
Regulations, giving effect to the OECD’s Standard and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 
January 2016 were enacted on 31 December 2015. 
To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional information 
to the Issuer which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with their counterparts in 
Ireland.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
6 PART 13 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1. Incorporation and Share Capital of Issuer 
(a) The Issuer was incorporated as a public limited company in Jersey on 6 June 2011 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the “Law”). The Issuer was incorporated as “ETFS 
Hedged Metal Securities Australia Limited” but changed its name to “ETFS Hedged Metal Securities 
Limited” on 18 July 2012 and to “WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited” on 26 September 
2019. The Issuer operates under the Law and secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer 
is registered in Jersey under number 108311. 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class designated 
as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued. 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by HoldCo. 
2. Material Contracts 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been 
entered into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have been entered into at any time by the Issuer 
and (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) contain provisions under which the 
Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which is or may be material to the Issuer as at the date of this 
document. The summaries below are drafted in legal language. However, details on how each of the 
agreements impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
(a) the Trust Instrument dated 28 February 2013, as amended by supplemental trust instruments 
thereto a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities); 
(b) the Security Deed dated 28 February 2013, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in 
Part 7 (Particulars of the Security Deed); 
(c) the Subscription Unallocated Accounts Agreement, the Secured Allocated Accounts Agreement and 
the Secured Unallocated Accounts Agreement, each dated 28 February 2013, as amended from 
time to time, between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase and, in the case of the Secured Metal 
Accounts Agreements only, the Security Trustee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out 
in Part 8 (Custody and the Custodian Agreements); 
(d) the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement between the Issuer, the Security Trustee and JPMorgan 
Chase as the metal sale counterparty under which, for the purposes of effecting Metal Sales in 
relation to the Redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, the Metal Sales Counterparty 
agrees, at the request of the Security Trustee (which may be acting at the direction of the Issuer) or 
of the Issuer, to purchase such amount of Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect of such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities as the Security Trustee or the Issuer 
(as applicable) may specify on any Business Day at the Fixing Price in US Dollars determined in the 
London AM Fix on that Business Day for standard settlement in the Relevant Market and to pay an 
amount equal to the product of such Fixing Price and the amount of Bullion so specified by the 
Security Trustee or the Issuer (as applicable) to such account or accounts as the Security Trustee 
or the Issuer (as applicable) may nominate for value on the standard Settlement Date. The Metal 
Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate automatically if the Secured Allocated Accounts 
Agreement is terminated; 
(e) the MSIP Metal Adjustment Documentation dated 28 February 2013 between, inter alios, the Issuer 
and MSIP, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 9 (Description of the Metal 
Adjustment Documentation and the Metal Adjustment Contracts); 
(f) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, dated 2 February 2015, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in 
paragraph 3 below. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and ManJer are seeking the 
novation of this Authorised Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL 
thereunder to ManJer;

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(g) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Jane Street Financial Limited 
dated 20 June 2016, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in paragraph 3 below. As 
at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of this Authorised 
Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL thereunder to ManJer; 
(h) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
dated 3 March 2017, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in paragraph 3 below. As 
at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of this Authorised 
Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL thereunder to ManJer; 
(i) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Optiver VOF dated 28 March 
2017, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in paragraph 3 below. As at the date of 
this Prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of this Authorised Participant 
Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL thereunder to ManJer. 
(j) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Flow Traders B.V. dated 11 
August 2017, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in paragraph 3 below. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of this Authorised 
Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL thereunder to ManJer. 
(k) the Services Agreement dated 28 February 2013 whereby ManJer is responsible for supplying or 
procuring the supply of all management and administration services for the Issuer and for paying all 
the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including the Hedging Fee, the fees and 
expenses of the Custodian, the fees and expenses of the Registrar and any administrator and the 
fees and expenses of the Trustee and the Security Trustee in relation to their respective roles under 
the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed) and the Issuer agrees to pay to ManJer the 
Management Fee and the Hedging Fee and a processing fee representing the Application Fees and 
Redemption Fees which the Issuer has received (including by way of set-off). ManJer has delegated 
to WisdomTree UK Limited (formerly ETF Securities (UK) Limited), an affiliate company registered 
in England and Wales with registered number 7443535 and whose registered office is at 4th Floor, 
3 Lombard Street, London, EC3V 9AA, certain of its duties and functions under the Services 
Agreement, including the provision of additional marketing and back-office support functions. 
(l) the Administration Agreement dated 28 February 2013 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative, company 
secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in Schedule 1 of the Administration 
Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may, with the prior approval of the Issuer, delegate in whole or in 
part the discharge of any of its duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and discretion 
under the Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for any 
loss suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement unless 
such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or non-
performance by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its obligations 
or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any loss, delay, mis-
delivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as a result of acting 
upon any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Issuer; and 
(m) the Registrar Agreement dated 28 February 2013 whereby the Registrar is responsible for supplying 
or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, including the provision of a registration and 
transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement and for which the 
Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may, with the Issuer’s approval, delegate 
certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, 
loss, costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter relating 
to the Registers as a result of loss, delay, misdelivery or error in transmission of any cable, telex, 
telefax or telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall later be 
proved to be forged or otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred by the 
Issuer as a result of the fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar). 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense 
(including legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the discharge 
of its duties and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim,

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
cost, expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or 
negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any such 
liability arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees payable 
by the Issuer to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of 
the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST Service 
(as defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result of any 
timetable changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited. The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of any acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers are required 
in order for it to comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar Agreement). 
 
3. Authorised Participant Agreement 
The Authorised Participant as at the date of this document is the person who has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer as described in paragraph 2(f) above. 
The summary below is drafted in legal language. However, details on how the Authorised Participant 
Agreement impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) 
and Part 4 (Description of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities). 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreement referred to in paragraphs 2(f) – 2(j) 
above, the Authorised Participant represents, warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that: 
(a) 
in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date on 
which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”), it has not made and will not make an offer of Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities specify that an 
offer of those Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-
exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Currency- Hedged Metal Securities which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus Directive 
or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus 
Directive, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the 
final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the Prospectus 
Directive, during the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and provided further that the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Directive; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 100 or, if the Relevant Member State has implemented the 
relevant provision of the 2010 PD Amending Directive (as defined below), 150, natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive); 
or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Directive, 
provided that no such offer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
require the Issuer or the Authorised Participant to publish prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Directive or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Directive.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to 
the public” in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in any Relevant Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, as the same may be varied in that 
Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant 
Member State, the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and 
amendments thereto including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the extent implemented in the 
Relevant Member State) and includes any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member 
State and the expression “2010 PD Amending Directive” means Directive 2010/73/EU; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or 
any Affiliate of the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the United Kingdom 
financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat customers fairly) with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of it or any of its Affiliates): 
(i) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities within the United States, to a US Person, to a Prohibited US Person or to a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, whether before, on or after the relevant Application 
Date; or 
(ii) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities. 
(iii) 
Terms used in this paragraph 3(d) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States. 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and on the distribution of this 
Prospectus are set out in paragraph 9 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The Authorised Participant Agreements may be terminated by any party thereto at any time upon thirty days’ 
prior written notice to the other parties. 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with institutions to act as Authorised Participants and/or market-makers 
which may include commitments to make markets on varying terms, but which may include commitments to 
maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot sizes. 
4. ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
16 classes of Individual Securities are specifically described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal 
Amounts (which are also the minimum denominations) of such Individual Securities are or will be as follows: 
 
Class of Australian Dollar 
Individual Security 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – 
AUD Daily Hedged 
 
JE00B84LH366 
A$1.75 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Palladium 
– 
AUD 
Daily 
Hedged 
JE00B85TG434 
A$0.75 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
JE00B76WLJ47 
A$1.75

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Platinum– AUD Daily Hedged 
WisdomTree Physical Silver– 
AUD Daily Hedged 
JE00B978NM29 
A$0.50 
Class of Euro Individual 
Security 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – 
EUR Daily Hedged 
JE00B8DFY052 
€ 1.25 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Palladium 
– 
EUR 
Daily 
Hedged 
JE00B8RL7660 
€ 0.75 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Platinum – EUR Daily Hedged  
JE00B98D7466 
€1.25 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – 
EUR Daily Hedged  
JE00B9GQFM16 
€0.25 
Class of Singapore Dollar 
Individual Security 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – 
SGD Daily Hedged 
JE00B85GB275 
S$2.25 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Palladium 
– 
SGD 
Daily 
Hedged 
JE00B96TVD34 
S$1.00 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Platinum – SGD Daily Hedged 
JE00B95RXG57 
S$2.25 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – 
SGD Daily Hedged 
JE00B8LS5K35 
S$0.50  
Class of Sterling Individual 
Security 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Gold – 
GBP Daily Hedged  
JE00B7VG2M16 
£1.25 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Palladium 
– 
GBP 
Daily 
Hedged 
JE00B96HH061 
£0.50 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Platinum – GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B8GJM227 
£1.25 
WisdomTree Physical Silver – 
GBP Daily Hedged 
JE00B84GRH50 
£0.25 
Individual Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any metal and denominated in 
any Currency, provided that the Issuer can create corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts relating to such 
metal and Currency under a Metal Adjustment Agreement. Basket Securities may also be issued under this

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Prospectus of any category comprising such proportion of any two or more of Gold Individual Securities of any 
class, Silver Individual Securities of any class, Platinum Individual Securities of any class and Palladium 
Individual Securities of any class, and denominated in a particular Currency. To the extent that this Prospectus 
does not provide full details of such type or types of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, such additional details 
(including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof, the applicable type of Bullion and Currency 
and, in the case of Basket Securities, the identity of the classes of Individual Securities of which such Basket 
Securities are comprised and the proportions of Individual Securities of such classes of which such Basket 
Securities are comprised) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus 
supplemental hereto. 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities) and Condition 15 the Issuer has 
the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities of any class into Currency-Hedged Metal Securities of the same class but with a proportionately 
larger or smaller Principal Amount and Metal Entitlement. Consolidated or divided Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus and to the extent that this Prospectus does not provide 
full details of such consolidated or divided Currency- Hedged Metal Securities, such additional details 
(including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
5. Sources 
The information given under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Platinum Group Metals” in 
Part 3 (Overview of the Precious Metals Market and the Indices) has been sourced from Metals Focus 
September 2020 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Platinum” in Part 3 (Overview of 
the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) have been sourced from Metals Focus September 2020 
Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Platinum” in Part 3 (Overview of the 
Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) has been sourced from Metals Focus September 2020 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Palladium” in Part 3 (Overview of 
the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) have been sourced from Metals Focus September 2020 
Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Palladium” in Part 3 (Overview of the 
Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) has been sourced from Metals Focus September 2020 
Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Silver” in Part 3 (Overview of the 
Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) have been sourced from Metals Focus July 2020 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Silver” in Part 3 (Overview of the 
Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) has been sourced from Metals Focus July 2020 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Gold” in Part 3 (Overview of the 
Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) have been sourced from Metals Focus October 2020 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Gold” in Part 3 (Overview of the Precious 
Metals Markets and the Indices) has been sourced from Metals Focus October 2020 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — The Precious Metals Market — Good 
Delivery” in Part 3 (Overview of the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) have been sourced from the 
London Platinum Palladium Market (LPPM) and London Bullion Market Association’s (LBMA) Good Delivery 
Rules. 
The table under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — The Precious Metals Market — Good 
Delivery” in Part 3 (Overview of the Precious Metals Markets and the Indices) has been created from the 
London Platinum Palladium Market (LPPM) and London Bullion Market Association’s (LBMA) Good Delivery 
Rules.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
The data used to create the chart under the heading “Precious Metals Market Overview — Correlation of 
Precious Metals with Other Asset Classes — Five Year Correlations” in Part 3 (Overview of the Precious Metals 
Markets and the Indices) has been sourced from Bloomberg LP. 
To the extent that the information referred to above has been sourced from a third party, such information has 
been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by the referenced third party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the documents or websites referred to above are incorporated into or form part of this Prospectus and 
no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form 
part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
6. General 
(a) The Issuer's auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle 
Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Company's auditors were previously KPMG 
Channel Islands Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who audited 
the Company's annual accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 to 3 
December 2019. The annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London 
Stock Exchange on 13 March 2019 and 15 May 2020 respectively are incorporated in this document 
by reference and available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 
2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
(under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, 
the documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited – Annual Account 
2018’ and ‘WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited – Annual Account 2019’ and at the 
registered office of the Issuer as set out in paragraph 7 of Part 13 (Additional Information). The 
annual audited accounts of the Issuer will generally be published within 4 months of year end, 
currently 31 December each year. Half- yearly unaudited accounts will generally be published within 
4 months of the mid-year end, currently 30 June in each year. The half-yearly unaudited accounts 
will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and- 
regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
(under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, 
the documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited – Interim Accounts’. 
(b) The Issuer’s financial statements will be presented in US Dollars. The value of any assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than US Dollars is converted into US Dollars at rates 
quoted by independent sources. The valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer attributable 
to any Pool is determined under the supervision of the Board. The Bullion held in the name of the 
Security Trustee at the accounts of the Custodian, as adjusted under the corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts, constitutes an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the valuation of the 
Issuer’s assets, the Bullion is valued at the Metal Entitlement. 
(c) The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in issue constitute a liability of the Issuer. For the purposes 
of the Issuer’s financial statements, the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are valued at the current 
market price that they are quoted at on a stock exchange as at the date of valuation. The actual 
contractual issue and redemption of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities occurs at the Metal 
Entitlement calculated in accordance with the formula in this Prospectus so that any gains or losses 
on the liability represented by the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are matched by gains or losses 
attributable to the Bullion (as adjusted under the corresponding Metal Adjustment Contracts). This 
results in a difference between the value of the Bullion (as adjusted by the corresponding Metal 
Adjustment Contracts) and the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in issue which shows as either a 
profit or a loss in the accounts. This gain or loss would be reversed on a subsequent redemption of 
the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
(d) There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
the date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2019. 
(e) There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period of 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
(f) Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued and to 
be issued within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market. Admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors 
should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities there. 
(g) All Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to 
the UK Official List and admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Applications have been made to the FCA for all Currency-Hedged Metal Securities issued within 12 
months from the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock 
Exchange for all such Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main 
Market. 
(h) Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(i) The WisdomTree Physical Gold – EUR Daily Hedged Individual Securities. have been admitted to 
listing on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 21 March 2013 and on the ETF plus 
market of the Borsa Italiana since 17 May 2013. 
(j) The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Transparency Directive, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the 
Listing Rules and the Transparency Rules. Each Pricing Day the Issuer will publish Metal 
Entitlements on its website as described under the heading “Worked Example of the Calculation of 
the Metal Entitlement” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder calculate the Value of their 
Investment?). Save as aforesaid, the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
(k) The securitised assets backing the issue, being the Bullion and corresponding Metal Adjustment 
Contracts backing each Currency-Hedged Metal Security have characteristics that demonstrate 
capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities as physical Bullion may be transferred to any third party (including on payment of fees to 
ManJer or redemption to any Security Holder). 
(l) ManJer may make payments by way of commission, distribution fee or otherwise out of the 
Management Fee to distributors, intermediaries and others (who may be Authorised Participants 
and/or market-makers, the Custodian, the FX Counterparty or any of their respective affiliates or 
any other person). 
7. Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Currency-Hedged Metal Securities remain outstanding, 
copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer in printed 
form: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Instrument; 
(c) 
the Security Deed; 
(d) 
the Services Agreement; 
(e) 
the Authorised Participant Agreements; 
(f) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer. 
Copies of this Prospectus and the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree 
Management Jersey Limited, Ordinance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW. 
The documents listed at 7(a) and (f) are available at the Issuer's website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en- 
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080- 
3C2DADB050A7 
under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
The documents listed at 7(b)-7(e) are available at the Issuer’s Website at  https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3 
under the ‘Documents for Inspection’ tab.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and other 
than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages referred to in 
this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules. 
8. Jersey Law Consents 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds — Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law, 1988, as amended, 
(the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the discharge 
of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions 
in relation to the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected 
by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the 
Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
9. Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not be 
required to register the offer and sale of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities under the Securities Act, so that 
the Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under the Investment Company 
Act and related rules and to address certain ERISA, United States Internal Revenue Code and other 
considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Issuer determines in its sole discretion 
to remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to trade them. 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or 
any other applicable law of the United States. Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are being offered and sold 
only outside the United States to non-US Persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and related rules. Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and any beneficial interest 
therein may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United States or to US Persons. 
If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person, the Issuer may redeem the 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of the 
Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or the Trustee” (Condition 7). 
The Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor. If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may 
redeem the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions 
of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or the Trustee” (Condition 7). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities and on the distribution of this 
Prospectus are set out in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
10. Consent to use of Prospectus by Financial Intermediaries in certain Member States and the 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of this 
Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities in any of Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm within the 
meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. The Issuer has 
also consented to the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, and has accepted responsibility for the 
content of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities in the United Kingdom by any financial intermediary which is an investment 
firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Each such consent applies 
to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Prospectus, unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer’s website.  
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. Any 
financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state on its website 
that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final placement 
by way of public offer of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities, such financial intermediary may not reuse this 
Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions identified in the Final Terms, provided 
such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. The financial intermediary 
may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may 
be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally eligible to participate in a 
public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and regulations. 
Any new information with respect to financial intermediaries’ ability to use this Prospectus will be published on 
the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and- regulatory-reports. 
11. Data Protection 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred or 
otherwise processed is available on the website of the Issuer. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Currency-Hedged Metal Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf of a 
prospective individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the Issuer 
in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s service providers for the following 
purposes: 
(a) verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to anti- money 
laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(b) evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(c) meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service 
provider to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to compliance 
with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting standard or 
any legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to implement a similar 
tax reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(d) any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(e) any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Currency-Hedged 
Metal Securities and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer’s service providers to:

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(a) disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide 
services for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer, 
redemption and registration of Currency-Hedged Metal Securities; and/or 
(b) transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do 
not offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that contracts 
are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal datais disclosed or 
transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and/or its service 
providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such data as described 
above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred to above. 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 
of the General Data Protection Regulation and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in the UK 
pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
für 
[siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities/Kategorie der Basket-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
der 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Metal Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW eingeteilt in 
Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] 
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz 
in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (im Folgenden “Clearstream” genannt), 
als Deckung 
[siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities/Kategorie der Basket-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen (im Folgenden “Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (im Folgenden 
“Gesellschaft” genannt). Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 28 Februar 2013 zwischen der 
Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in seiner jeweils 
geänderten/ergänzten 
Fassung 
(im 
Folgenden 
“Treuhandvertrag”) 
begründeten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert, und in 
Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind auf Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, 
eingetragen und in einem bei der Citibank N.A., London, England, unterhaltenen Sonderdepot, 
verwahrt. Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von [Klasse der •] Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf 
seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister der Gesellschaft, zu verlangen. 
Im Übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten Zertifikatsbedingungen, 
die Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind. 
Frankfurt am Main, den ... 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
ANNEX 2 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
1. Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder 
eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes 
und 
eines 
Prokuristen 
der 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im folgenden 
“Clearstream” genannt). 
2. Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von • [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-
Securities/Kategorie der Basket-Securities] Namensschuldverschreibungen (im folgenden 
“Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, 
Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (im Folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt) auf seinen 
Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 28 
Februar 2013 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c. in seiner jeweils geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) 
begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, 
besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem Nennbetrag von je • [siehe 
Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat der Miteigentümer der 
Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu erteilen, wobei die Lieferadresse bzw. die Adresse, 
an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der Eintragung in das Schuldverschreibungsregister 
durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, angegeben sein muss. 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches 
bestimmten Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige 
mit der Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben zu tragen. 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden. 
3. Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe 
seines Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des 
Rechts von Jersey, Channel Islands, zustehen. 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die 
Clearstream an den Miteigentümer weiter. 
Im Übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen 
und Bedingungen. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen nach Maßgabe der jeweils geltenden 
Devisenvorschriften in EURO, es sei denn, dass der Miteigentümer rechtzeitig vor 
Fälligkeit Zahlung in USD (United States Dollars) verlangt hat. 
4. Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anlässlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem 
benannten Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen 
lassen. 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen 
sowie die Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur 
Ausübung des Stimmrechts im Vorfeld einer solchen Gläubigerversammlung 
bekanntzugeben.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
5. Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu 
tragen. Die Clearstreamist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel 
Islands, 
allein 
auf 
Grund 
der 
Tatsache 
unterworfen 
wird, 
dass 
sie 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle Miteigentümer nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am 
Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat umzulegen. 
6. Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß. 
7. Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank N.A., London, England, (im Folgenden 
“Verwahrer” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Ltd., 
London, England, (im Folgenden “Nominee” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch 
eine andere Person zu ersetzen. Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf 
die sorgfältige Auswahl. Unberührt bleibt die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des 
Verwahrers oder des Nominees selbst wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des 
Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle Bezugnahmen auf den Verwahrer bzw. den 
Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen auf den neuen Verwahrer bzw. 
Nominee. 
8. Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form 
nicht mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die 
Zulassung der Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen a.m. Inhaber- 
Sammelzertifikat 
zum 
Handel 
und 
zur 
amtlichen 
Notierung 
an 
deutschen 
Wertpapierbörsen zurückgenommen, so wird die Clearstream die Miteigentümer 
auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. Wird dieser Auftrag nicht 
innerhalb einer Frist von 3 Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der Aufforderung erteilt, so ist 
die 
Clearstream 
nach 
ihrem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, 
die 
Eintragung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf den Namen des Miteigentümers oder eines in der 
Aufforderung benannten Dritten zu veranlassen und die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer 
in der Aufforderung angegebenen Stelle für den Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und 
Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit erlöschen die Pflichten der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-
Sammelzertifikat. 
9. Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden im 
Bundesanzeiger. 
10. Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und 
Schäden, die den für das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat als Deckung gehaltenen Bestand an 
Schuldverschreibungen infolge höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, 
Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, 
die die Clearstream oder der Verwahrer nicht zu vertreten haben. 
Die Clearstream wird alle Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der 
Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, 
Regierungserlasse, Krieg, Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder 
andere Umstände, die sie nicht zu vertreten hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen 
gehindert, so trifft sie keine Verantwortung. 
Der 
Verwahrer 
und 
der 
Nominee 
sind 
der 
Clearstream 
gegenüber 
zur 
ordnungsgemäßen Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream 
zugunsten der Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die 
Clearstreamur für die sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
Der 
Verwahrer 
und 
der 
Nominee 
sind 
der 
Clearstream 
gegenüber 
zur 
ordnungsgemäßen Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream 
zugunsten der Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream 
nur für die sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees. 
11. Sollte irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise rechtsunwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon 
unberührt. Für unwirksame oder undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und 
Zweck dieses Vertragsverhältnisses entsprechende Regelung gelten. 
12. Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen 
dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt 
am Main. 
13. Eine Änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte 
der Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche 
Vorschriften bedingt ist. 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated 
name of the Issuer.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
ANNEX 3 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited under the Programme 
for the Issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. This form of Final Terms is used when 
WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market and/or 
the Main Market other than in conjunction with an offer thereof to the public in one or more member states, 
for example to Authorised Participants. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE HEDGED METAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited) 
LEI 213800RQ5IZ9TSM9MO86 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 108311) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [type] [Individual/Basket] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”) 
dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the WisdomTree Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have the 
terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 28 February 2013 (as may be amended from time to time) 
between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Words and expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning 
as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 2) filing 
with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules only. 
These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are published 
in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu. In order to get the full information both the 
Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of the 
individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are as follows:  
Issuer: 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class or category of WisdomTree Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Price per WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security: 
 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/  
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold [•]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Aggregate number of WisdomTree Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply: 
 
[•] 
Net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/  
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold [•] 
 
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
WisdomTree 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that may be 
issued of the class being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
 
[•] 
Post-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Pre-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Monthly Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount: 
[•] 
Hedging Rate: 
[•] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Currency-
HedgedMetal Securities are admitted to trading: 
 
[London 
Stock 
Exchange]* 
[Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange] [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [Euronext Dublin] 
*Please note that admission to the UK Official List 
and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange are not admission to trading made 
under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers 
and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.  
[These Final Terms relate to the first issue of a class 
of Individual Security not specifically described in the 
Prospectus in respect of which the following 
particulars apply: 
 
 
Applicable type of Bullion: 
[•] 
Currency: 
[•] 
Name of applicable Index 
[•] 
Initial Metal Entitlement 
[•] 
Principal Amount 
[•] 
[These Final Terms relate to the first issue of a 
category of Basket Security, the Currency and 
proportion of each class comprised in which is not 
specifically set out in the Prospectus, which 
particulars are set out below: 
 
[•]] 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Gold Individual Securities of the class 
denominated in that Currency of which a basket 
Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Palladium Individual Securities of the 
class denominated in that Currency of which a 
basket Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Platinum Individual Securities of the 
class denominated in that Currency of which a 
basket Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Proportion of Silver Individual Securities of the class 
denominated in that Currency of which a basket 
Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•]] 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia's 
actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
ANNEX 
 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
ANNEX 4 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities to the public under 
the Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. This form of Final Terms 
is used when Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are being offered to the public in one or more member 
states. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE HEDGED METAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Hedged Metal Securities Limited) 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered 
number 108311) 
LEI Code 213800RQ5IZ9TSM9MO86 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities Issue of 
[number] [type] [Individual/Basket] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”) 
dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the WisdomTree Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities have the 
terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 28 February 2013 (as may be amended from time to time) 
between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc as trustee constituting the WisdomTree 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities. Words and expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning 
as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 2) the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation Rules and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any 
supplement, which are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 
of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu. In order to get 
the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the Currency-Hedged Metal Securities may be made (other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation) by the Issuer or by [•] with LEI [•] ([each a “Permitted Offeror”) in [Austria, Denmark, 
Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Spain and Sweden] [the United Kingdom 
(please note that such offers in the United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation)] (“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•] (the “Offer Period”). 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are as follows:

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Issuer: 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class or category of WisdomTree Currency- Hedged 
Metal Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Price per WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal 
Security: 
 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/  
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold [•] 
 
Aggregate number of WisdomTree Currency- 
Hedged Metal Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply: 
 
[•] 
Net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/  
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold [•] 
 
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
WisdomTree 
Currency-Hedged Metal Securities that may be 
issued of the class being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
 
[•] 
Post-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Pre-Downgrade Daily Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Monthly Class Delivery Minimum: 
[•] 
Maximum Bullion Class Delivery Amount: 
[•] 
Hedging Rate: 
[•] 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangement and time for 
announcing to the public the amount of the offer: 
 
[•] 
[These Final Terms relate to the first issue of a class 
of Individual Security not specifically described in the 
Prospectus in respect of which the following 
particulars apply: 
 
 
Applicable type of Bullion: 
[•] 
Currency: 
[•] 
Name of applicable Index 
[•] 
Initial Metal Entitlement 
[•] 
Principal Amount 
[•] 
[These Final Terms relate to the first issue of a 
category of Basket Security, the Currency and 
proportion of each class comprised in which is not 
specifically set out in the Prospectus, which 
particulars are set out below: 
[•]]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Gold Individual Securities of the class 
denominated in that Currency of which a basket 
Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Palladium Individual Securities of the 
class denominated in that Currency of which a 
basket Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Platinum Individual Securities of the 
class denominated in that Currency of which a 
basket Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•] 
 
Proportion of Silver Individual Securities of the class 
denominated in that Currency of which a basket 
Security of this category is comprised: 
 
[•]] 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[•] 
Description of the application process: 
[•] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[•] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up and 
delivering the WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal 
Securities: 
[•] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[•] 
Categories of potential investors to which the 
WisdomTree Currency-Hedged Metal Securities are 
offered and whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[•] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made:  
[•] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[•] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place: 
[•] 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depository agents in each country: 
[•] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or under “best 
efforts” arrangements. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered: 
[•] 
When the underwriting agreement has been or will 
[•]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
be reached: 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Currency-
Hedged Metal Securities are admitted to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange]* 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
*Please note that admission to the UK Official List 
and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to 
trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but 
are such offers and admission to trading for the 
purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)