--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base prospectus dated 16 November 2021 
 
 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 90959) 
Prospectus for the issue of 
WisdomTree Short Commodity Securities 
and 
WisdomTree Leveraged Commodity Securities 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of WisdomTree 
Short Commodity Securities and WisdomTree Leveraged Commodity Securities (the “Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities”) by WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited (the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland 
(the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only 
approves this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that are the 
subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities.  
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Markets in Financial 
Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only 
approves this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part 
of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Such approval by the FCA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. 
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation 
apply where Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
situated or operating within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities is made to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation applies where Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID 
II and/or an offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is made to the to the public (within the 
meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member States of the 
European Economic Area. Accordingly Investors should be aware that they will only have the rights 
afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions 
A9.4.2 
A9.4.3 
A9.4.5 
A9.1.5(a) 
A9.1.5(b) 
A9.1.5

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
apply and will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation 
applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making 
any investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The 
obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which are undated 
secured limited recourse debt securities of the Issuer. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are 
designed to enable investors to gain a short exposure of one times short (-1x) or three times short (-3x) 
or a leveraged exposure of two times leveraged (+2x) or three times leveraged (+3x) to the daily changes 
in indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures contracts or baskets of 
commodity futures contracts. 
An investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of 
risk and investors may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the 
value of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities can go down as well as up. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are complex, structured products involving a 
significant degree of risk and may not be suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is 
advisable that any person wishing to invest seeks appropriate financial, tax and other advice 
from an independent financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and 
qualifications and an investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is only suitable 
for persons who understand the economic risk of an investment in Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite period of time. A prospective 
investor should be aware that the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be lost. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to 
the Issuer and the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities required to enable them to make an 
informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer; and (ii) the rights attaching to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are contained in the Conditions 
under the heading “The Conditions” in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities), and are completed by the Final Terms specific to a particular issue of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities which will be published and delivered to the UK Listing Authority and the Central 
Bank before such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued. 
Worked examples of how an investor can determine the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 
(How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating 
to an investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to which 
they relate, including the class and number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be issued 
and the issue price applicable to the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be issued.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set 
out in the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors 
and prospective investors. Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including 
any information that has been incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) are available at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library. Any Final Terms issued are currently available at 
https://etfs.wisdomtree.eu/pricingSup_csl.html.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Programme for the Issue of 
WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Important Information 
 
Approvals 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of each class, and any further individual securities or index securities that may be 
created and made available for issue as referred to in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information), 
for the purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been made 
available to the public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation (EU). This document 
has also been filed with the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, as amended at the date 
hereof and has been made available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of  that 
Regulation. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be available to be issued on a continuous 
basis during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. A prospective investor should be 
aware that compensation will not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, 
in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds - Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 
2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against 
liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness 
of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any 
states of the United States. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may not be directly or indirectly 
offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United States or to any US person (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (a “US Person”). The Issuer has not registered, and 
does not intend to register, as an investment company under the United States Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). Accordingly, Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any US Person. Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities offered and sold outside the United States may be offered to persons who are not US Persons 
in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each of the Authorised Participants has, pursuant 
to its Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer, undertaken not to offer or sell the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities within the United States or to any US Person, nor will it engage in any 
“directed selling efforts” (as such term is defined by Regulation S under the Securities Act) with respect 
to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Prohibited US Persons and Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should note the provisions in the Conditions under the 
heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 8) in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
A. 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Prospectus to be admitted to its Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated 
market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware 
there is no trading facility for the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities there. The Central Bank 
approval of the programme relates only to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area. 
Application has also been made to the UK Listing Authority for all Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities issued within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, 
and to the London Stock Exchange for all classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange Admission to the UK Official List 
and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers made under the 
Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to trading for the 
purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the 
admission of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on 
the London Stock Exchange and do not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such 
securities may be listed. 
Certain of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are also listed or traded on certain other 
markets – see “Listing” in Part 6 (The Programme). 
 
B. 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and 
this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute 
or should be construed as advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the 
purposes of the Jersey Financial Services Law 1988. 
None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, Bank of America Corporation (“BAC”), CGML or Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMH”) has separately verified the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made, 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH 
as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or their distribution. 
Each person applying for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in accordance with this Prospectus 
acknowledges that (i) such person has not relied on Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or 
CGMH, nor on any person affiliated with any of them in connection with its investment decision or its 
investigation of the accuracy of the information contained herein; (ii) Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of Bloomberg, 
UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member of the BAC Group or 
CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group; and (iii) the obligations of the Issuer to Security 
Holders under the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are not guaranteed by Bloomberg, UBS 
Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member of the BAC Group or CGML 
or any other member of the Citigroup Group. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Authorised Participants 
and the Security Holders are, by virtue of any of the activities of Bloomberg, any member of the UBS 
Group, any member of the BAC Group or any member of the Citigroup Group in connection with 
Commodity Contracts, clients or customers of Bloomberg, any member of the UBS Group, any member 
of the BAC Group or any member of the Citigroup Group for the purpose of the FCA Handbook. 
The Authorised Participants have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. None of the Authorised Participants makes any representation, express or 
A14.6.1(a) 
A14.6.1(b) 
A9.1.1 
A9.1.2 
A14.1.1 
A14.1.2

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Prospectus or for the suitability of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities for any 
investor. None of the Authorised Participants undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of any information coming to the attention of any of the Authorised 
Participants. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or any other securities issued by the Issuer and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, Bloomberg, 
UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. Each person 
contemplating making an investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities must make its own 
investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and its own determination of the suitability 
of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience and 
any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment, and it is advisable that 
such persons obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and consult their own 
professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
as an investment, and conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security 
arrangements and cash-flows associated with Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as they deem 
appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to the risks involved in investing in 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should consult its independent professional advisers. 
 
C. 
Investors to Make Their Own Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and may wish to consult their own professional investment 
advisers to ascertain the suitability of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as an investment. 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding 
the risks, security arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows associated with Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
D. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA, the Issuer will either prepare and make 
available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall constitute a 
supplementary prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of 
FSMA or prepare and make available a further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
A14.5(d)

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of 
each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest 
in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
11 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities and should be 
carefully considered by a prospective investor. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
34 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions about the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
Classes of Short and 
Leveraged 
Commodity Securities 
41 
This section sets out a list of classes of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities that the Issuer is 
currently making available for issue. 
Licences Granted to the Issuer 
45 
This section provides information on the licences 
granted to the Issuer by UBS Securities LLC and 
Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
46 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
71 
This section sets out the names and business 
addresses of directors of the Issuer and of the 
entities which provide services and legal advice to 
the Issuer. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
74 
This section details the documents incorporated 
into this Prospectus by reference and details 
where copies of these documents can be found. 
These documents are part of this Prospectus and 
should be carefully considered by a potential 
investor. 
Part 1 
General 
76 
This section provides a description of the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the role 
of the different parties in the structure of the 
offering. 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their 
investment? 
89 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family 
100 
This section provides an overview of the indices 
tracked by the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and information relating to the simulated 
historical returns of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to help investors evaluate 
the past performance of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
Part 4 
Description of Short 
and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities 
118 
This section provides a description of the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities as well as details 
of the rights attached to the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, how the price of each Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Security is calculated 
and details of how Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities can be redeemed.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Part 5 
Description of Facility 
Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts 
132 
This section provides a description of the Facility 
Agreements and the Commodity Contracts by which 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are 
backed. 
Part 6 
The Programme 
143 
This section provides information on where this 
Prospectus has been passported to allow the public 
offer of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to take place and provides information on 
the settlement and delivery process on each of the 
exchanges where Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities are admitted to trading. 
Part 7 
Trust Instrument and Short 
and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities 
153 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in respect of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities – the Trust Instrument – and 
sets out the details of the approval of the issue of the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. It 
includes an extract from the Trust Instrument under 
the heading “The Conditions” which sets out the terms 
and conditions which apply to the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. This extract is 
drafted in legal language as it is taken directly from 
the Trust Instrument but information on how the terms 
and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained 
throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 4. 
Part 8 
Particulars of Security 
Deeds 
211 
The Security Deeds create security over, and give 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying assets relating to each class of security. 
This section contains details of the terms of the 
rights granted by the Security Deeds and when 
these rights become enforceable. 
Part 9 
Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets and 
Exchanges 
213 
This 
section 
provides 
an 
overview 
of 
the 
commodities, commodity and futures markets, and 
exchanges to help an investor decide whether an 
investment in a product which provides inverse, two 
times leveraged, three times inverse or three times 
leveraged to daily changes in commodity futures 
indices is appropriate for them. 
Part 10 Global Bearer Certificates 
221 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates, which is set out in Annex 1 and which 
is only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Part 11 Particulars of the 
Commodity Contract 
Counterparties 
227 
This section contains details relating to Merrill Lynch 
International (“MLI”), and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited (“CGML”), with each of whom the Issuer has 
entered into an agreement to purchase Commodity 
Contracts, as well as details relating to Bank of 
America Corporation, which guarantees MLI’s 
payments under the MLI Facility Agreement and 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., which 
guarantees CGML’s payments under the CGML 
Facility Agreement. 
Part 12 Taxation 
229 
This section sets out the tax treatment of holding 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in the 
UK, Ireland and Jersey.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Part 13 Additional Information 
236 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential investor 
will want to be aware of or which the Issuer is 
required to include under applicable rules. This 
section also includes details of the material contracts 
relating to the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, other than the Trust Instrument, which is 
covered in Part 7, the Security Deeds, which are 
covered in Part 8, and the Facility Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts, Security Agreements, Control 
Agreements and Guarantees, which are covered in 
Part 5. 
Annex 1 Form of the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
257 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates, which is only relevant to  
investors wishing to purchase Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. The English translation of this text is 
included in Part 10 of this Prospectus. 
Annex 2 Text of the Conditions of the 
Global Bearer Certificates 
258 
This section sets out the German text of the 
conditions of the German Global Bearer Certificates, 
which is only relevant to investors wishing to 
purchase 
Short 
and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The 
English translation of this text is contained in Part 10 
of this Prospectus. 
Annex 3 Form of Final Terms 
263 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities to a securities 
house or other market professional approved by the 
Issuer and which has entered into an agreement 
with the Issuer in relation to Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. This details the class and 
number of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and other relevant information applicable 
to the issue and when completed will also include 
an issue specific summary which is taken from the 
summary included in this document and adjusted to 
be relevant only to the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities issued under the Final 
Terms. Each time that Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are issued by the Issuer, a 
Final Terms document is prepared by the Issuer and 
submitted to the Central Bank and notified to the 
competent authority in each European jurisdiction 
into which the product is passported. The Final 
Terms document is also submitted to the FCA. 
Completed Final Terms documents are available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
Annex 4 Form of Final Terms – 
Public Offers 
266 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish if it issues any Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities to the public 
pursuant to a public offer rather than to a securities 
house or other market professional (as set out at 
Annex 3). This details the class and number of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities and other 
relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary included 
in this document and adjusted to be relevant only to

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities issued 
under the Final Terms. Each time that Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued by the 
Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared by the 
Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank and 
notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction into which the product is 
passported. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. All of these risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities Risk Factors 
Commodity Prices 
The value of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be affected by movements in commodity 
prices generally and by the way in which those prices and other factors affect the prices of the Designated 
Contracts as explained in ‘Commodity Index Risk Factors – Roll-Yield’ below (and hence of the 
Commodity Indices). 
Commodity prices generally may fluctuate widely and may even become negative. Prices may be affected 
by numerous factors, including: 
• 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are 
major commodity producers; 
• 
investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large trading houses, producers, 
users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other speculators which could impact 
global supply or demand; 
• 
the weather, which can affect short-term demand or supply for some commodities; 
• 
the future rates of economic activity and inflation, particularly in countries which are major 
consumers of commodities; 
• 
major discoveries of sources of commodities; and 
• 
disruptions to the infrastructure or means by which commodities are produced, distributed and 
stored, which are capable of causing substantial price movements in a short period of time. 
Prices of the Designated Month Contracts may fluctuate widely and may even become negative. Prices 
may be affected by: 
• 
commodity prices generally; 
• 
trading activities on the Relevant Exchange, which might be impacted by the liquidity in the futures 
contracts; and 
• 
trading activity specific to particular futures contract(s). 
Such price movements could result in a Security Holder redeeming their Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities at a Price that is less than the Price at which such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
were issued. 
Day to day positive or negative movements in local and international financial markets and factors that 
affect the investment climate and investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading in commodities 
and, therefore, the market price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. Such movements may 
have different effects on each of the Short Commodity Securities and the Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and could lead to a fall in the market price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
which would result in an investor in those securities incurring losses. Investors should note that general 
A9.3.1 
 
A17.1.1 
A14.2.1

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
day to day positive or negative movements in financial markets and commodities and factors that affect 
the investor climate and investor sentiment may have different effects on each class of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. Investors should be aware that any and all Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities can go down in price as well as up but an investor cannot lose more than their 
initial investment. 
 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 and its subsequent 
mutations (“COVID-19”) as a pandemic. National governments and supranational organisations in multiple 
states have taken steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, including requiring or 
encouraging home working, imposing travel restrictions, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other 
events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people and business operations.  
Between 11 March 2020 and 30 November 2020, COVID 19 has had a substantial impact on the price 
of the underlying commodities and consequently the corresponding Commodity Securities.  The most 
notable example is WTI Crude Oil; the WTI active contract was trading around $55 per barrel, with a 
peak of $58.68 on 6 January 2020, to a low of $25.86 on 21 April 2020. In addition, the WTI contract for 
delivery in May 2020 moved to negative territory for the first time in history on 20 May 2020 (Source: 
Bloomberg, 30 November 2020). Currently, the WTI Crude Oil active contract is trading around $75.03 
(as at 30 September 2021), having recovered from the lack of demand seen in the peak of the pandemic. 
Precious metals have behaved differently in the same period. Spot Gold, Silver, and Platinum rose by 
14.9%, 22.2%, -1.8% and -1.5% respectively since the beginning of 2020 (prices as at 30 September 
2021).   Such effects may also affect the ability of the Commodity Contract Counterparties to create new 
Commodity Contracts or their ability to hedge them effectively.   
While it is too early to predict how COVID-19, the global response and public sentiment will affect 
commodity prices and hence the Prices of each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature. 
 
Halting Applications 
In certain circumstances, for example, in the event of volatility in the relevant commodity markets, the 
Issuer and/or Authorised Participants and/or Commodity Contract Counterparties may seek to limit or 
restrict the ability of Authorised Participants to apply for new Commodity Securities or to Redeem 
Commodity Securities.  For example, the Issuer will decline Applications if it cannot for any reason create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement and there may be situations where the 
Authorised Participants may not be able to quote an offer price for new Commodity Securities. The 
market price of Commodity Securities is a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing to 
buy and sell Commodity Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers are willing to quote. 
Any actions to limit or restrict the ability of the Authorised Participants to apply for new Commodity 
Securities directly impacts the supply of those affected Commodity Securities and therefore may impact 
the market price. The Issuer will inform the Holders of the relevant Commodity Securities of any such 
actions by RIS announcement.  
  
Investing in Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities is not the same as being short futures contracts 
or long double the amount of futures contracts 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are designed to match the daily percentage movement in the 
relevant index (before fees and adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption Events or in respect 
of the Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month Securities, Restrike Days) multiplied by 
the relevant Leverage Factor. In the case of Short Commodity Securities, the return from holding Short 
Commodity Securities is not the same as the return from selling (shorting) the relevant commodity 
futures contracts. A short position in commodity futures contracts would match dollar for dollar a long 
position in the same commodity futures contracts, such that if the long position increased in value by one 
dollar, then the short position would decrease in value by one dollar. Similarly for Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, the return from holding Leveraged Commodity Securities is not the same as the return from 
buying double the amount of commodity futures contracts. A double long position in commodity futures 
contracts would match dollar for dollar a long position in the same commodity futures contracts, such that 
if the long position increased in value by one dollar, then a double long position would increase in value 
by two dollars. 
The following table provides a simple example of how the pricing of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities is calculated (excluding fees and adjustments and assuming none of the days referred to is a

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Market Disruption Day or, in respect of the Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month 
Securities, a Restrike Day). 
Change 
At Start 
of Week 
Movement During the Week 
over 
Week 
––––––––– 
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 
––––––––– 
day 1 
day 2 
day 3 
day 4 
day 5 
   Commodity Index 
Percent Change 
2% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
Level 
100.00 
102.00 
104.04 
106.12 
108.24 
110.41 
10.4% 
   One Times Short 
Commodity Security 
Percent Change 
(2%) 
(2%) 
(2%) 
(2%) 
(2%) 
Price 
100.00 
98.00 
96.04 
94.12 
92.24 
90.39 
(9.6%) 
   Three Times Short 
Individual Security 
Percent Change 
(6%) 
(6%) 
(6%) 
(6%) 
(6%) 
Price 
100.00 
94.00 
88.36 
83.06 
78.07 
73.39 
(26.61%) 
    Two Times Leveraged 
Commodity Security 
Percent Change 
4% 
4% 
4% 
4% 
4% 
Price 
100.00 
104.00 
108.16 
112.49 
116.99 
121.67 
21.7% 
   Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Security 
Percent Change 
6% 
6% 
6% 
6% 
6% 
Price 
100.00 
106.00 
112.36 
119.10 
126.25 
133.82 
33.82% 
As shown in the table, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities match the daily percentage 
change in the Commodity Index (before fees and adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption 
Events) multiplied by the Leverage Factor. Over periods longer than one day, they may not match 
precisely the change in the Commodity Index multiplied by the applicable Leverage Factor. This is 
illustrated in the column labelled “Change over Week” which shows the weekly returns (before fees and 
adjustments) where the relevant Commodity Index increases by 2 per cent. each day. At the end of the 
week, the Commodity Index increased by 10.4 per cent., the One Times Short Commodity Security 
decreased by 9.6 per cent. (not by 10.4 per cent.), the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security 
increased by 21.7 per cent. (and not by 20.8 per cent.), the Three Times Leveraged Individual Security 
increased by 33.8 per cent. (not by 31.2 per cent.) and the Three Times Short Individual Security 
decreased by 26.6 per cent. (not by 31.2 per cent.). 
For periods longer than one day, it is possible for a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security to 
“outperform” or “underperform” the relevant Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. 
Outperformance is where the actual return on the Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is greater 
than the relevant Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor and underperformance is 
where the actual return of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is less than the relevant 
Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor (before fees and adjustments). 
The following table illustrates various scenarios of outperformance and underperformance (excluding 
fees and adjustments and assuming that none of the days are Market Disruption Days or, in respect of 
the Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month Securities, a Restrike Day) and the causes 
of this are noted in the table and discussed immediately below. 
Daily Change in Commodity Index 
Change over Week 
Performance* 
––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– 
–––––––––––––——————––––––––––––    ––––––––––– 
One 
Three 
Two 
Three 
Times 
Times 
Times 
Times 
Short 
Short 
Leveraged Leveraged 
Commodity Individual Commodity Individual 
day 1 
day 2 
day 3 
day 4 
day 5 
Index 
Security 
Security 
Security 
Security 
1. The greater the cumulative change in the Index, the better the performance* of the securities (subject to point 3) 
Case A 
2% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
2% 
10.4% 
(9.6%) 
(26.6%) 
21.7% 
33.8% 
outperform 
Case B 
5% 
5% 
5% 
5% 
5% 
27.6% 
(22.6%) 
(55.6%) 
61.1% 
101.1% 
outperform 
Case C 
-5% 
-5% 
-5% 
-5% 
-5% 
(22.6%) 
27.6% 
101.1% 
(41.0%) 
(55.6%) 
outperform 
2. The smaller the cumulative change in the Index, the worse the performance* of the securities 
Case D 
2% 
2% 
0% 
-2% 
-2% 
0.0% 
(0.2%) 
(0.7%) 
(0.2%) 
(0.7%) 
underperform 
Case E 
5% 
5% 
0% 
-5% 
-5% 
0.0% 
(1.0%) 
(4.4%) 
(0.9%) 
(4.4%) 
underperform 
Case F 
-5% 
-5% 
0% 
5% 
6% 
0.0% 
(1.1%) 
(7.8%) 
(1.0%) 
(2.0%) 
underperform 
3. The higher the volatility, the greater the cumulative price movement required to avoid underperformance* 
Case G 
4% 
-1% 
0% 
4% 
-1% 
6.0% 
(6.0%) 
(17.8%) 
12.0% 
18.0% 
similar 
Case H 
4% 
-2% 
0% 
4% 
-2% 
3.9% 
(4.1%) 
(13.0%) 
7.5% 
10.8% 
underperform 
Case I 
8% 
-2% 
0% 
8% 
-2% 
12.0% 
(11.9%) 
(35.1%) 
24.0% 
35.9% 
similar

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Case J 
10% 
-5% 
0% 
10% 
-4% 
10.4% 
(11.5%) 
(36.9%) 
19.2% 
26.4% 
underperform 
* Performance is expressed relative to the weekly change in the Commodity Index multiplied by the Leverage Factor (–1x 
for One Times Short Commodity Securities, –3x for Three Times Short Individual Securities, +2x for Two Times 
Leveraged Commodity Securities and +3x for Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities). 
When comparing the simulated historical returns of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Security to the 
relevant Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor (before fees and adjustments), the 
following observations may be made for periods longer than one day: 
(1) 
as the magnitude of the cumulative changes in the Commodity Index increase (whether positive 
or negative), the return of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security tends to outperform the 
Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. This is illustrated in the first three 
scenarios above (Cases A-C); 
(2) 
as the magnitude of the cumulative changes in the Commodity Index decrease (whether positive 
or negative), the return of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security tends to underperform the 
Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. This is illustrated in the second three 
scenarios above (Cases D-F); and 
(3) 
as the volatility of the Commodity Index increases, the return of a Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security tends to underperform the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. 
This is illustrated in the final four scenarios above (Cases G-J). 
 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Generally only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, save in relation to redemptions where at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants or in other circumstances announced by the Issuer. The Issuer has agreed to 
use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there are at least two Authorised Participants. 
There can, however, be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with 
the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
If there are no Authorised Participants actively applying for and redeeming Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, stock exchange liquidity in the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
the market price available to selling Security Holders are likely adversely to be affected. 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate or delayed effect) that an Authorised Person has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if the Commodity Contract Counterparty deems such person to be unacceptable 
to it as an Authorised Person for credit, compliance, general business policy or reputational reasons. As 
a result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be no Authorised Participants, with the 
result that no Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities could be created. In such event it may also be 
difficult or impossible to sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on the London Stock Exchange 
at a price close to the Price therefor or within a reasonable time period, although Security Holders will 
be entitled to redeem their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
Currency 
The Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be set in US Dollars. To the extent that a 
Security Holder values Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in another currency, that value will 
be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the US Dollar and that other currency. 
 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities trade on the London Stock 
Exchange (or any other exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect 
accurately the Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The application and redemption 
procedures for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the role of certain Authorised Participants 
as securities dealers offering buying and selling prices on stock exchanges (market-makers) are intended 
to minimise this potential difference or “tracking error”. However, the market price of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will be a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and 
sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the difference (spread) between the buying (bid) 
prices and the selling (offer) prices that market-makers are willing to quote for Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer’s ability to issue new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is subject to its ability to 
A14.4.5

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
hedge its exposure under new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities with corresponding 
Commodity Contracts. Although MLI and CGML have each agreed to supply Commodity Contracts with 
a value (including Commodity Contracts in relation to the separate programme for Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of the Issuer) of up to US$7.0 billion (US$7,000,000,000), if demand for each of 
Short Commodity and Leveraged Commodity Securities exceeds this amount and the Issuer is not able 
to create more Commodity Contracts, or if the demand for issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities exceeds the daily restrictions or the commodity-specific limits, then Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities may trade at a premium to their underlying value (the Price). Investors who pay 
a premium risk losing the premium if demand for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities abates or 
the Issuer is able to source more Commodity Contracts. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
could trade at a discount to the Price if the Issuer has received redemption requests in excess of the 
Redemption Limits (which are daily limits). 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of each class (other than the BG Securities and the 
Three Times Commodity Securities) were first issued in February/March 2008. The BG Securities were 
made available for the first time in December 2012. The Three Times Commodity Securities were made 
available for the first time in October 2015. 
There can be no assurance as to the depth of the secondary market (if any) in Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, which will affect their liquidity and market price. 
 
Early Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
An investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by 
a Security Holder and at short notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Security 
Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is lower 
than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security 
Holder, rather than on the date of the early redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security 
Holder incurring a tax charge that it would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, an investment in Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security Holder and if 
the value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities at such time is lower than when they were 
purchased by the Security Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. Early redemption may occur 
in the following circumstances: 
 
General right to effect on early redemption 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that 
the Facility Agreement is terminated or two days’ notice in the event of a fall in Price relative to the 
Principal Amount) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of a particular class. 
 
Early redemption on default 
The Trustee may, at any time, in certain circumstances including where an insolvency event in relation 
to the Issuer (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the 
appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the whole of its assets) or certain 
types of default or breach event relating to a Commodity Contract Counterparty upon 20 business days’ 
notice to the Issuer (or two business days’ in the event of an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer), 
nominate a business day to be a date for the compulsory redemption of all affected Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities.  
 
Early Redemption due to availability of Commodity Index 
Bloomberg may cease to publish a Commodity Index. If so, all Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
of the class relating to that Commodity Index may be redeemed. 
 
Early Termination following large same-day movements causing the price of the Commodity Contracts 
to fall to zero 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the same 
class as any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time during 
any Trading Day and that such Commodity Contracts have been terminated then the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of such class will automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that 
day and Security Holders are unlikely in that situation to receive any proceeds as the relevant Pool is 
unlikely in these circumstances to have sufficient assets to repay Security Holders any material sums

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
on such Compulsory Redemptions as the only assets available for the redemption of the affected Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities will be the Commodity Contracts whose value will be zero even if 
the Price of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities subsequently increases. 
 
Early Redemption due to significant fall in Price 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
class and the Price of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day. As 
each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in 
Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that 
class does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount: (i) by, where necessary, seeking 
the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day 
the Price of any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount 
of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the 
Price remains below such amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ 
notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that 
class. This right will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount 
such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount subject to any further fall in the Price of 
any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
 
Early Redemption due to hedging difficulty 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some or 
all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging 
positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility 
Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has, and will 
exercise, the right to redeem some or all of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class. 
 
Early Redemption for cause 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 trading days’ written notice, redeem 
any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by certain prohibited investors, held by Security 
Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance with the 
Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. As a result, an investment in 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by such a Security 
Holder and if the value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities at such time is lower than 
when they were purchased by the Security Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. 
 
Early Redemption on termination 
MLI and CGML have each only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 
24 October 2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement 
on three months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide 
Commodity Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses 
to terminate its Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless 
they are replaced by Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer 
will elect to redeem some or all of the outstanding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
Commodity Index Risk Factors 
Roll-Yield 
Each Individual Commodity Index is priced off a Designated Contract (a futures contract of specific 
maturity) which, as it nears expiry, needs to be replaced with a later dated contract in a process known as 
“rolling”. As the exchange-traded futures contracts approach expiration, they are sold prior to their expiry 
date and similar contracts that have a later expiry date are purchased. Thus, for example, a futures contract 
purchased and held in August may specify an October expiration. 
As time passes, the contract expiring in October may be replaced by a contract for delivery in December. 
Any difference between the price for the nearer delivery month contract and the price for the distant month 
contract is known as a ‘roll yield’ and this can be either a positive amount or a negative amount. If the 
market for these contracts is (putting aside other considerations) in “backwardation”, which means that 
the prices are lower in the distant delivery months than in the nearer delivery months, the sale of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
October contract would take place at a price that is higher than the price of the December contract, thereby 
creating a “roll yield” which tends to be positive for the relevant Individual Commodity Index (and increase 
the value of the Leveraged Securities but decrease the value of the Short Securities). While some of the 
contracts included in the Individual Commodity Indices have historically exhibited consistent periods of 
backwardation, backwardation may not exist at all times. 
Moreover, certain of the commodities reflected in the Commodity Indices, such as gold, have historically 
traded in “contango” markets. A “contango” market means that the prices are higher in the distant delivery 
months than in the nearer delivery months. In such markets, the sale of the October contract would take 
place at a price that is lower than the price of the December contract, thereby creating a negative “roll 
yield” which tends to be negative for the relevant Individual Commodity Index (and increase the value of 
the Short Securities but decrease the value of the Leveraged Securities). 
The existence of contango (or backwardation) in a particular commodity market does not automatically 
result in negative (or positive) “roll yields”. The actual realisation of a roll yield will be dependent upon the 
shape of the futures curve. The term “futures curve” refers to the relationship between the price of futures 
contracts over different futures contract maturity dates when plotted in a graph. If the relevant part of the 
commodity futures curve is in backwardation — a downward sloping futures curve — then, all other factors 
being equal, the relevant index will tend to rise over time as lower futures prices converge to higher spot 
prices. The opposite effect would occur for contango. 
Each Composite Commodity Index is made up of two or more Designated Contracts. The extent to which 
a Composite Commodity Index is affected by backwardation or contango will depend on whether the 
relevant Designated Contracts are in backwardation or contango and the relative weight of each 
Designated Contract included in each Composite Commodity Index. Backwardation or contango with 
regards to the Designated Contracts may affect the level of the Composite Commodity Index and, 
therefore, may affect the price of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as explained in ‘Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities Risk Factors – Roll Yield’ below. 
 
Change of Commodity Index 
The Facility Agreements allow for a change in the Commodity Index used to Price the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. The Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer may agree to use a 
different commodity index provided that Security Holders are given a minimum of 30 days’ notice of the 
intended change. There can be no assurance that any replacement commodity index will provide the 
same investment return as the Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to 
Security Holders. 
Under the Conditions of the Second Month Securities, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Security Holders of the relevant class, substitute a different index for the Individual Commodity Index for 
that class on five Business Days’ notice provided that the proposed substituted commodity index relates 
to the same individual commodity as such Individual Commodity Index and is calculated based on a 
similar methodology as that used in the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index but the futures 
contracts constituting the Lead Future and the Next Future for the purposes of the calculation of such 
proposed substituted commodity index have different expiry dates to those used for the purposes of the 
calculation of such Individual Commodity Index. 
There can be no assurance that any replacement commodity index will provide the same investment 
return as the Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Holders of Second 
Month Securities. 
 
Change to Designated Contracts and/or Roll Period 
The choice of Designated Contracts, Designated Month Contracts and the Roll Period used to price each 
Commodity Index is determined by Bloomberg in conjunction with UBS Securities and may be changed 
from time to time. The termination or replacement of any Designated Contract or Designated Month 
Contract and/or the change to a Roll Period may have an adverse impact on the value of an Individual 
Commodity Index and the Composite Commodity Indices included therein. 
 
An Individual Commodity Index may close at a negative value 
Bloomberg announced on 7 May 2020 that, with effect from 18 May 2020, any Individual Commodity 
Index (other than the Second Month Indices) may close negative for one day and will thereafter be 
terminated the next trading day at the negative value.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
In the event of an Individual Commodity Index being terminated at a negative value, it is unclear whether 
Commodity Contracts priced by reference to that Individual Commodity Index will have any continuing 
value or how the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities priced by reference to that 
Individual Commodity Index will be calculated. In such circumstances the Issuer may exercise its rights 
under the Conditions to Redeem compulsorily such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and, 
having regard to Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), it is unlikely that there would be any monies available 
to meet the Issuer's obligations to Security Holders in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. Security Holders in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities would be likely 
in such circumstances to lose the whole of their investment in respect of such Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
In the cases of the Second Month Indices, if the value of the index would otherwise falls to or below zero 
due to an intraday and/or end-of-day negative futures settlement price(s), the index level will be closed 
at zero and terminated on the same day. 
Risk Factors relating to the Second Month Indices 
Following the passing of an extraordinary resolution of the Securities Holders in respect of the Second 
Month Securities of each class on 21 October 2020, and the giving by the Issuer of notice by an RNS 
announcement on 4 November 2020 the Issuer effected the substitution (the “Index Substitution”) of 
the Individual Commodity Index previously applicable to that class by the Second Month Index specified 
in the table below. 
Class of Second Month Securities 
Second Month Index 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BCLSLER) 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BCLSLER) 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BNGSLER) 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BNGSLER) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index 
ticker: BCOSLER) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index 
ticker: BCOSLER) 
The Second Month Indices are described under the heading “Second Month Indices” in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family). 
Although each of the Second Month Indices is designed to be representative of the markets it measures 
or otherwise align with its stated objective, it may not be representative in every case or achieve its 
stated objective in all instances. It is designed and calculated strictly to follow the rules of its 
Methodology, and any Second Month Index level or other output is limited in its usefulness to such 
design and calculation. 
Historical index levels published prior to the launch date of the Second Month Indices are considered 
hypothetical. Historical Second Month Index levels should not be considered as an indication of future 
performance. 
Each of the Second Month Indices is comprised of liquid commodity futures contracts. If any commodity 
futures contract is terminated or replaced in accordance with the rules of the Second Month Index 
methodology, a comparable commodity futures contract may be selected by Bloomberg. The 
replacement of a commodity future contract may cause the level of the Second Month Index to change 
or be adjusted. 
In the event the level of any Second Month Index falls at or below zero due to an at any point intraday 
and/or end-of- day negative futures settlement price(s), the Second Month Index level will be closed at 
zero and terminated same day, in which case the Second Month Index may cease to accurately measure

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
its underlying market interest. Holders of the Second Month Securities should therefore consider such 
possibility in connection with any financial instrument or financial contract based on the index to the 
extent the index level diverges from exposure to the underlying market. 
Bloomberg may discontinue or suspend calculation or publication of any Second Month Index. 
There can be no assurance that the Second Month Index will provide the same investment return as the 
Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Holders of Second Month 
Securities. 
 
Leverage Risks 
The effect of the Leverage Factor 
Leveraged Commodity Securities provide a “long” exposure to one of the Commodity Indices which 
means a Leveraged Commodity Security will increase in value where the underlying Commodity Index 
increases in value. Short Commodity Securities provide a “short” exposure to one of the Commodity 
Indices which means a Short Commodity Security will decrease in value where the underlying 
Commodity Index increases. Where a security references a long or short Commodity Index (other than 
a One Times Short Commodity Security) the impact of any change in the level of that Commodity Index 
will have a greater positive or negative effect on the Price of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Security. 
It is possible for commodity prices to increase by more than 33 per cent. within a single day and so it is 
possible for Three Times Short Individual Securities to lose all of their value which could result in the 
total loss of an investor’s initial investment. It is also possible for commodity prices to increase by more 
than 100 per cent. within a single day and so it is possible for One Times Short Commodity Securities to 
lose all of their value which could result in the total loss of an investor’s initial investment. It is possible 
for commodity prices to fall in price by more than 33 per cent. within a single day and so it is possible for 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities to lose all of their value which could result in the total loss 
of an investor’s initial investment. It is also possible for commodity prices to fall in price by more than 
50 per cent. within a single day and so it is possible for Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
lose all of their value which could result in the total loss of an investor’s initial investment. Any such total 
loss of investment could occur in a relatively short period of time if there was a material supply shock or 
market dislocation. 
Investing in Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities is, therefore, more risky than investing in securities 
which are an unleveraged long exposure  as unleveraged commodity prices cannot realistically fall to zero 
and cause the total loss of an investment. 
 
Price volatility may result in long-term returns being significantly different to overall changes in the 
relevant index 
The returns from Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are designed to provide a specific short or 
long exposure to the daily change in the relevant index. The Price of a One Times Short Commodity 
Security will be adjusted by minus one times (–1x) the percentage change in the relevant Commodity 
Index and the Price of a Three Times Short Individual Security will be adjusted by minus three times (–
3x) the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index. The Price of a Two Times Leveraged 
Commodity Security will be adjusted by two times (+2x) the percentage change in the relevant 
Commodity Index and the Price of a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security will be adjusted by three 
times (+3x) the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index. The minus one times (–1x), minus 
three times (–3x), two times (+2x) and three times (+3x) factors, are referred to as “Leverage Factors”. 
As explained in Part 1 (General) and demonstrated by worked examples shown in Part 2 (How does a 
Security Holder determine the value of their investment?) and historic simulations shown in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family), the actual change in Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities over periods greater than one day may differ significantly from the product of the Index return 
and the Leverage Factor over such longer period. Accordingly, prospective investors should not expect 
that actual percentage return for (i) One Times Short Commodity Securities will be equal to minus one 
times the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index, (ii) Three Times Short Individual Securities 
will be equal to minus three times the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index, (iii) Two 
Times Leveraged Commodity Securities will be equal to twice the percentage change in the relevant 
Commodity Index nor that the actual percentage return for, (iv) Three Times Leveraged Individual 
Securities will be equal to three times the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index. 
 
Long term effect of the Leverage Factor

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Investors should note that the effects of the Leverage Factor of minus one times (–1x), minus three times 
(–3x), two times (2x) and three times (3x) could result in holders of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities incurring significant losses over extended periods. 
In respect of the One Times Short Commodity Securities, WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short would have 
fallen from $50 on 2 January 2009 to $6.60 on 30 June 2021 (before fees and adjustments and assuming 
the absence of Market Disruption Events) resulting in the loss of 86.79 per cent of the initial investment 
if held over the whole period. 
In respect of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities, WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged 
would have fallen from $50 on 2 January 2009 to $2.26 on 30 June 2021 (before fees and adjustments 
and assuming the absence of Market Disruption Events) resulting in the loss of 95.47 per cent of the 
initial investment if held over the whole period. 
In respect of the Three Times Short Individual Securities, WisdomTree Nickel Oil 3x Daily Short would 
have fallen from $50 on 2 November 2015 to $0.69 on 30 June 2021 (before fees and adjustments and 
assuming the absence of Market Disruption Events), resulting in the loss of 98.63% of the initial 
investment if held over the whole period 
In respect of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Securities, WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Leveraged 
would have fallen from $50 on 2 November 2015 to $6.19 on 30 June 2021 (before fees and adjustments 
and assuming the absence of Market Disruption Events), resulting in the loss of 87.61% of the initial 
investment if held over the whole period. 
Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month Securities – Restrike Events 
The pricing formula for Three Times Short Individual Securities and Three Times Leveraged Individual 
Securities (together the “Three Times Commodity Securities”) incorporates an intra-day rebalancing 
which will be triggered if the value of the relevant Commodity Index either: (i) falls by 25 per cent. or 
more over the course of a day in the case of Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 
25 per cent. or more over the course of a day in the case of Three Times Short Individual Securities 
(referred to as a “Restrike Event”). 
The pricing formula for the Second Month Securities incorporates an intra-day rebalancing which will be 
triggered if the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index either: (i) falls by 35 per cent. or more 
over the course of a day in the case of Second Month Securities which are Leveraged Individual 
Securities; or (ii) rises by 70 per cent. or more over the course of a day in the case of Second Month 
Securities which are Short Individual Securities. For the purposes of the following discussion a “Restrike 
Event” includes such circumstances. 
During a Restrike Event, for the purpose of calculating the Price on such day, a further value for the 
Commodity Index will be calculated (the “Restrike Index Value”). A Security Holder will obtain a three 
times long or three times short (as the case may be) exposure to the movement in the relevant 
Commodity Index (i) from the value at the previous closing settlement price to the Restrike Index Value, 
and then (ii) from the Restrike Index Value to that day’s closing settlement price. 
If the period within which the Restrike Index Value can be determined is set to end 15 minutes or less 
prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the value at (ii) above will be the Restrike Index Value 
rather than the closing settlement price. 
In situations where a Restrike Event has occurred and a Restrike Index Value has been calculated with 
respect to a class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security, such class may not 
provide Security Holders with the return that would otherwise have been expected over the course of 
such day based on the change in the level of the relevant Commodity Index and application of the 
Leverage Factor. In addition, a Commodity Contract Counterparty will charge an additional cost for 
implementing the intraday rebalancing. Accordingly, prospective investors should not expect that the 
return on Three Times Commodity Securities or Second Month Securities will track the performance of 
the index multiplied by the Leverage Factor, particularly in circumstances where there has been a 
Restrike Event. 
The following table illustrates the effect of the Restrike mechanism (excluding fees and interest accruals) 
on a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security when a Restrike Event is triggered, compared to a three 
times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism:

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
100 
Three Times 
Leveraged Individual 
Security with Restrike 
25 
Three times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
75 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
70 
2.5 
2.5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
65 
1.964285714 
0 
In this example, the three times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero when 
the underlying index loses more than 33 per cent. of its value, whereas the effect of the Restrike Index 
Value being determined for the Three Times Leveraged Individual Security means that this security does 
not fall to zero. 
The following table illustrates the effect of the Restrike mechanism (excluding fees and interest accruals) 
on a Two Times Leveraged Second Month Individual Security when a Restrike Event is triggered, 
compared to a two times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism: 
 
 
day 1 
 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
 
100 
Two Times Leveraged 
Second 
Month 
Individual 
Security 
with Restrike 
25 
Two times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
65 
7.5 
7.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
60 
5 
5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
50 
3.3333333 
0 
In this example, the two times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero when the 
underlying index loses 50 per cent. or more of its value, whereas the effect of the Restrike Index Value 
being determined for the Two Times Leveraged Second Month Individual Security means that this security 
does not fall to zero. 
The following table illustrates the effect of the Restrike mechanism (excluding fees and interest accruals) 
on a Short Second Month Individual Security when a Restrike Event is triggered, compared to a one time 
short security without the restrike mechanism: 
 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
100 
Short Second Month 
Individual 
Security 
with Restrike 
25 
One times 
short security 
without Restrike 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
170 
7.5 
7.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
175 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
200 
5.3571429 
0 
In this example, the one times short security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero when the 
underlying index gains 100 per cent. or more of its value, whereas the effect of the Restrike Index Value 
being determined for the Short Second Month Individual Security means that this security does not fall 
to zero. 
In circumstances where a Restrike Event has been triggered and a Restrike Index Value determined, if 
the relevant Commodity Index goes on to reverse its fall or rise (as the case may be) during that day, 
then a Security Holder will not benefit from the reversal of the return to the same extent that they might 
have if the intraday rebalancing had not occurred. 
The following examples show the effect of the intraday rebalancing mechanism (excluding fees and 
interest accruals) in the case when the underlying index value changes significantly intra-day, but settles 
at the same level as the previous day. In this example, the Restrike Event and determination of the 
Restrike Index Value lead to an investor receiving less when compared to a security without the restrike 
mechanism.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
100 
Three Times 
Leveraged Individual 
Security With Restrike 
25 
Three times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
75 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
70 
2.5 
2.5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
5.7142857 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Underlying 
Index 
 
 
Two Times 
Leveraged Second 
Month Individual 
Security With Restrike 
 
Two times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
 
 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
100
25 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
65 
7.5 
7.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
60 
5 
5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
11.6666667 
25 
 
 
 
 
day 1 
 
 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
 
100 
Short Second Month 
Individual 
Security 
with Restrike 
 
25 
One times 
short security 
without Restrike 
 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
170 
7.5 
7.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
175 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
8.9285714 
25 
 
The following example shows the effect of the intraday rebalancing mechanism (excluding fees and 
interest accruals) in the case when the underlying index value changes significantly intra-day, but 
recovers some of the losses. In this example, the Restrike Event and determination of the Restrike Index 
Value lead to an investor receiving less when compared to a security without the restrike mechanism. 
 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
100 
Three Times 
Leveraged Individual 
Security With Restrike 
25 
Three times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
75 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
70 
2.5 
2.5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
80 
3.5714286 
10 
 
Underlying 
Index 
Two Times Leveraged 
Second Month 
Individual Security 
With Restrike 
Two times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
100 
25 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
65 
7.5 
7.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
60 
5 
5 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
70 
6.6666667 
10 
 
Underlying 
Index 
Short Second Month 
Individual Security 
with Restrike 
One times 
short security 
without Restrike 
day 1 
Settlement price at close of index 
100 
25 
25 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Event triggered 
170 
7.5 
7.5

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Index Value determined 
175 
6.25 
6.25 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
150 
7.1428571 
12.5 
 
Three Times Commodity Securities – Multiple Restrike Events 
The pricing for Three Times Commodity Securities allows for more than one Restrike Event during the 
Exchange Hours on any given Trading Day. Each subsequent Restrike Event would be triggered if the 
relevant Commodity Index either (i) falls by 25 per cent. relative to the previous Restrike Index Value in 
the case of Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 25 per cent. relative to the 
previous Restrike Index Value in the case of Three Times Short Individual Securities. 
As in the case with a single Restrike Event, in situations where multiple Restrike Events have occurred 
and corresponding Restrike Index Values have been determined with respect to a class of Three Times 
Commodity Security, such class may not provide Security Holders with the return that would otherwise 
have been expected on such day based on the change in the level of the relevant Commodity Index. The 
difference in return compared to that for a security without Restrike Event is likely to be more pronounced 
in this case than in the case when only one Restrike Event has occurred. 
The following example shows the effect of multiple Restrike Events occurring (excluding fees and interest 
accruals), compared to a security without the restrike mechanism: 
 
day1 
Settlement price at close of index 
Underlying 
Index 
100 
Three Times 
Leveraged Individual 
Security With Restrike 
50 
Three times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
50 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Trigger 1 
75 
12.5 
12.5 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Price 1 
75 
12.5 
12.5 
day 2 12:00pm 
Restrike Trigger 2 
56.25 
3.125 
0 
day 2 12:15pm 
Restrike Price 2 
56.25 
3.125 
0 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
10.41667 
0 
 
In this example, the three times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero and would 
be subject to compulsory redemption. 
Second Month Securities – Multiple Restrike Events 
The pricing for Second Month Securities allows for more than one Restrike Event during the Exchange 
Hours on any given Trading Day. Each subsequent Restrike Event would be triggered if the relevant 
Commodity Index either (i) falls by 35 per cent. relative to the previous Restrike Index Value in the case 
of Second Month Securities which are Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 70 per cent. 
relative to the previous Restrike Index Value in the case of Second Month Securities which are Short 
Individual Securities. 
As in the case with a single Restrike Event and Three Times Commodity Securities, in situations where 
multiple Restrike Events have occurred and corresponding Restrike Index Values have been determined 
with respect to a class of Second Month Security, such class may not provide Security Holders with the 
return that would otherwise have been expected on such day based on the change in the level of the 
relevant Commodity Index. The difference in return compared to that for a security without Restrike Event 
is likely to be more pronounced in this case than in the case when only one Restrike Event has occurred. 
The following examples show the effect of multiple Restrike Events occurring (excluding fees and interest 
accruals), compared to a security without the restrike mechanism: 
 
Underlying 
Index 
Two Times 
Leveraged Second 
Month Security With 
Restrike 
Two times 
leveraged security 
without Restrike 
 
day1 
Settlement price at close of index 
100
50 
50 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Trigger 1 
65 
15 
15 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Price 1 
65 
15 
15 
day 2 12:00pm 
Restrike Trigger 2 
42.25 
4.5 
0 
day 2 12:15pm 
Restrike Price 2 
42.25 
4.5 
0 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
16.8017751 
0

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
In this example, the two times leveraged security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero and would 
be subject to compulsory redemption. 
 
 
Underlying 
Index 
Short 
Second Month 
Security With Restrike 
One times 
short security 
without Restrike 
 
day1 
Settlement price at close of index 
100
50 
50 
day 2 11:00am 
Restrike Trigger 1 
170 
15 
15 
day 2 11:15am 
Restrike Price 1 
170 
15 
15 
day 2 12:00pm 
Restrike Trigger 2 
289 
4.5 
0 
day 2 12:15pm 
Restrike Price 2 
289 
4.5 
0 
day 2 2:15pm 
Settle 
100 
7.4429066 
0 
In this example, the one times short security without the restrike mechanism falls to zero and would be 
subject to compulsory redemption 
Counterparty and Service Provider Risks 
Counterparty 
Counterparty Credit Risk and Default 
The value of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay the 
Redemption Amount is dependent on the receipt of such amount from a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, and may be affected by a deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit-worthiness 
and/or a downgrade in the credit rating of the Commodity Contract Counterparties (or any of them). Such 
deterioration/downgrade in the credit-worthiness or credit rating of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties (or any of them) could cause Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to trade at a 
discount to the Price and could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
The Commodity Contracts issued by MLI are not guaranteed by any entity within the BAC Group, other 
than BAC, or by any other person, and the Commodity Contracts issued by CGML are not guaranteed 
by any entity within the Citigroup Group, other than CGMH, or by any other person. To the extent that 
any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor were to be unable to fulfil its respective payment 
obligations under the relevant Commodity Contracts and Facility Agreement or Guarantee (as the case 
may be) the Issuer would be unable to meet its obligations to Security Holders, who would suffer a loss 
as a result. 
The Issuer will not operate any policies to diversify or spread its risk (risk-spreading policies) and has 
Facility Agreements only with MLI and CGML. The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other 
Facility Agreements with other Commodity Contract Counterparties, but it will not be the Issuer’s intention 
to enter into other Facility Agreements for the purposes of spreading counterparty risk. 
If at any given time there are two or more Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them, the 
Lower Credit, has its credit rating downgraded or has defaulted on its obligations to redeem Commodity 
Contracts, then, under the Pool splitting mechanism discussed under the heading “Consolidation and 
Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities” in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities), the Issuer can separate out the Lower Credit by issuing to the relevant Security 
Holders new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities supported only by the Commodity Contracts 
of the Lower Credit. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to redeem such new Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities at their Price or even at all, and such new Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities may not be admitted to trading on any exchange. Accordingly, a Security Holder 
could end up holding new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that they are unable to sell and 
which may have limited or no value. If the Issuer is considering exercising its power to implement a Pool 
split it will not be required to have regard to any proposed but not yet implemented Pool split when 
allocating Commodity Contracts to one or more of the Commodity Contract Counterparties. Accordingly, 
shortly after receiving its Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities a Security Holder could be treated 
as owning Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to the Lower Credit which may affect 
the ability of such Security Holder to redeem those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. In 
circumstances where the Issuer is considering exercising its power to implement a Pool split in respect 
of a particular Pool it may, upon notice to Security Holders, suspend the right to Redeem the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of the class or classes attributable to such Pool. Accordingly, a Security

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Holder may be unable to sell those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and such securities may 
have limited or no value during the period of such suspension. 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as referred to above and in accordance with 
Condition 18.3, the Conditions provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in 
which case certain other timings may apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as 
having been given in respect of the Pool to which following the division are attributable Commodity 
Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparty to which the corresponding Commodity Contract 
Termination had been allocated. This may have the effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a 
valid Redemption Form prior to a division becoming effective will be treated following the division as 
owning only Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to a single Pool rather than both 
Pools as described under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities” in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities), and this could be the 
Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Lower Credit are transferred. 
Position Limits on Futures Exchanges 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties may choose to hedge their exposure related to the Commodity 
Contracts by taking positions on the relevant Exchange(s) and, to the extent they do so, they will need 
to adjust their positions on such Exchange(s) on a daily basis to reflect that, subject to the occurrence 
of Market Disruption Events or in the case of Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month 
Securities, Restrike Events, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities track (before fees and 
expenses) daily percentage changes in a Commodity Index. Accordingly, changes in the Price(s) of one 
or more classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities could result in the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties meeting or exceeding their position limits on such Exchange(s) and so being unable to 
sufficiently adjust their hedging positions for one or more classes of Commodity Contract(s). 
MLI and CGML are each parties to a facility agreement with the Issuer relating to Classic and Longer 
Dated Commodity Contracts and to facility agreements with WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited an Affiliate of the Issuer, in relation to securities tracking hedged equivalents of the commodity 
indices and their exposures under these and any similar agreements and their hedging activities in 
connection with those exposures may affect their ability to create Commodity Contracts under the Facility 
Agreements. 
In the event of a Commodity Contract Counterparty exceeding their position limits the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties have the right to terminate some or all Commodity Contracts of the relevant 
class(es) to bring their positions below the position limits and, in such case, the Issuer will exercise, its 
right to redeem some or all of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class(es). If the 
Issuer elects to redeem some but not all of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of any 
class(es), they will be redeemed pro rata to holdings. In these circumstances, the Security Holder may 
suffer a loss if the cash value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities redeemed is lower than 
it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security 
Holder rather than on the date of the redemption. Such redemption could also lead to a Security Holder 
incurring a tax charge to which it would otherwise not be subject. 
MLI and CGML are each parties to a facility agreement with the Issuer relating to Classic and Longer 
Dated Commodity Contracts and to facility agreements with WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited an Affiliate of the Issuer, in relation to securities tracking hedged equivalents of the commodity 
indices and their exposures under these and any similar agreements and their hedging activities in 
connection with those exposures may affect their ability to create Commodity Contracts under the Facility 
Agreements. 
 
Calculation Agent Conflicts of Interest 
In addition to being the obligor under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI is also the Calculation Agent under 
both the MLI Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument). In acting as 
Calculation Agent, MLI is obliged to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, but 
otherwise its calculations are binding in the absence of manifest error. The role of MLI as Calculation 
Agent may give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders. 
 
Service Providers 
Index Calculations by UBS Securities and by Bloomberg 
The Issuer is not affiliated with Bloomberg or UBS Securities in any way (except for the agreements and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
licensing arrangements described in this Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict their actions, 
including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the 
calculation of the Commodity Indices or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices and 
the Composite Commodity Indices). The policies of UBS Securities and Bloomberg concerning the 
calculation of the level of the Commodity Indices or related indices (including the Individual Commodity 
Indices and the Composite Commodity Indices), additions, deletions or substitutions of Commodity 
Indices components and the manner in which changes affecting the Commodity Indices components are 
reflected in the Commodity Indices could adversely affect the value of the Commodity Indices or related 
indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices and the Composite Commodity Indices) and, 
therefore, the market value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Additional commodity futures contracts may satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion in the Commodity 
Indices, and commodity futures contracts currently included in the Commodity Indices may fail to satisfy 
such criteria. The weighting factors applied to each included futures contract may change annually, based 
on changes in commodity production and volume statistics. In addition, UBS Securities and Bloomberg 
may modify the methodology for determining the composition and weighting of the Commodity Indices, 
for calculating their respective values in order to assure that the Commodity Indices represent an 
adequate measure of market performance or for other reasons, or for calculating the values of the 
Commodity Indices or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices and the Composite 
Commodity Indices). Any such changes could adversely affect the market value of the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI has agreed that in the 
event Bloomberg ceases to calculate and publish any Commodity Index, it as Calculation Agent will use 
its reasonable endeavours to calculate settlement values of such Commodity Indices for each Pricing 
Day using the same methodology and processes for each individual commodity as are used from time 
to time for the calculation of the Commodity Indices, but there is no assurance that those indices will 
continue to be published. If the Commodity Indices or any of them cease to be published, the Issuer will 
endeavour to ensure that replacement indices are published, but there is no assurance that that will be 
achieved. In that event some or all of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be redeemed. 
Under the MLI Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI, if it considers that, as a result of the application in 
the United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, any calculation, determination or provision by 
the Calculation Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency 
Agreement in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome may give a 
notice to that effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer 
should it subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly 
burdensome). See “EU Benchmarks Regulation” below. 
In certain circumstances under the Facility Agreements and the Calculation Agency Agreement, including 
where a Market Disruption Event in respect of a Commodity Index occurs on five or more consecutive 
Trading Days (irrespective of whether a Commodity Index is published for those Trading Days), the 
Calculation Agent is required to calculate a substitute value for each Trading Day thereafter while that 
circumstance persists. While the Calculation Agent is required to act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) it owes no duty to any Security Holder or the Trustee in respect of any 
determination made by it and (ii) any such substitute value may differ from the Commodity Index. 
If a Commodity Index ceases to be published, all Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of the class 
relating to that Commodity Index may be redeemed. 
 
Activities of Bloomberg, Commodity Contract Counterparties and Authorised Participants 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties and their affiliates are active traders in commodities markets, 
including in the physical markets for commodities, in the futures markets (on each of the Exchanges and 
on other commodity exchanges) and the over-the-counter markets, including trading of commodity 
swaps, options and other derivatives. These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests 
of holders of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the interests that the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties and their affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating 
transactions, including options and other derivatives transactions, for their customers and in accounts 
under their management. These trading activities, if they influence the value of the Bloomberg Commodity 
Indices or any Commodity Index, could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. Moreover, the Commodity Contract Counterparties or their affiliates 
have published and in the future expect to publish research reports with respect to some or all of the 
Bloomberg Commodity Indices or components and physical commodities generally. This research is

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are 
inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. The research 
should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in any way and investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this 
investment. Any of these activities by the Commodity Contract Counterparties or their affiliates may affect 
the market price of the Bloomberg Commodity Indices or components and the value of the Bloomberg 
Commodity Indices and, therefore, the market value of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
In addition, the Commodity Contract Counterparties and their affiliates may underwrite or issue other 
securities or financial instruments indexed to the Bloomberg Commodity Indices and related indices 
and/or UBS Securities and Bloomberg may license the Bloomberg Commodity Indices or related indices 
for publication or for use by unaffiliated third parties. Further, the Authorised Participants or their Affiliates 
also trade in various sectors of the commodities markets. 
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security 
Holders and could have a negative impact on the Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
and could result in a loss to Security Holders. For example, a market maker in a financial instrument 
linked to the performance of the Bloomberg Commodity Indices or related indices may expect to hedge 
some or all of its position in that financial instrument. Purchase (or selling) activity in the underlying 
Bloomberg Commodity Indices components in order to hedge the market maker’s position in the financial 
instrument may affect the market price of the futures contracts upon which the Individual Commodity 
Indices are based, which in turn would affect the value of those indices and thus the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
With respect to any of the activities described above, none of UBS Securities, Bloomberg, the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties, BAC, CGMH, the Authorised Participants or their respective Affiliates has any 
obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities into consideration at any time. 
 
Operational Risk Factors 
Exchange Limits on Price Movements 
U.S. futures exchanges and some other exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation 
in some futures contract prices that may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally 
referred to as “daily price fluctuation limits” and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any 
given day as a result of these limits is referred to as a “limit price”. Once the limit price has been reached 
in a particular contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond the limit, or trading may be limited for 
a set time period. Limit prices have the effect of precluding trading in a particular contract or forcing the 
liquidation of contracts at potentially disadvantageous times or prices. These circumstances could 
adversely affect the value of any and all Commodity Indices and, therefore, the market value of the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities and could disrupt applications for and redemptions of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities and the pricing thereof. 
 
Market Disruption 
Futures exchanges have the potential to suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures at the 
exchange or the imposition of volume or price restrictions. Such events could cause a Pricing Day to be 
classified as a Market Disruption Day, resulting in it not being possible to price one or more classes of 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that day. This will cause a delay in the application or 
redemption process (where settlement pricing is being used) which could adversely affect potential or 
existing Security Holders. In addition where a Market Disruption Event occurs the change in Price of a 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Security may not match (before fees and adjustments) the daily change 
in the level of the relevant Commodity Index. 
 
Legal Risks 
Realisation of Collateral 
In the event that the Issuer enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and a Control Agreement to 
take control of a Collateral Account, the Collateral in the Collateral Account may not be of sufficient value 
to cover all Redemption Amounts payable to investors because: (i) enforcement of its rights by the Issuer 
may have resulted from the Commodity Contract Counterparty failing to post Collateral to the Collateral 
Account to the value of the Collateral Exposure; (ii) the Collateral Account is only required to contain 
assets to the value of the Collateral Exposure as at the close of the immediately preceding Business 
Day on which the calculations and valuations are made and there may be a number of days between 
A17.2.2.3

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
such valuations occurring and the date on which the Issuer takes control of the Collateral Account, during 
which time a significant difference between the value of the Collateral in the Collateral Account and the 
Collateral Exposure could arise; (iii) the value of the assets in the Collateral Account is not correlated to 
the Collateral Exposure and may fall due to market conditions; (iv) the Collateral Exposure could rise 
due to market conditions; (v) the Collateral Exposure as reported for the purposes of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty’s obligation to post Collateral when such Collateral was last posted may be less 
than the aggregate amounts due to Security Holders and others out of the proceeds realised from such 
Collateral; (vi) the Issuer (or the Trustee) may not be able to realise some or all of the assets in the 
Collateral Account at the prices at which they were valued, even after allowing for the application of 
valuation percentages; or (vii) there may be certain costs associated with the Issuer’s realisation of the 
assets in the Collateral Account. In addition there can be no certainty as to the timeliness of any such 
enforcement. 
Under the terms of each Control Agreement, the Securities Intermediary may utilise depositories, banks 
or other financial institutions in connection with the custody of the Collateral. In the event that the Issuer 
enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and Control Agreement to take control of the Collateral 
Account of a Commodity Contract Counterparty and Collateral is held with such depository, bank or other 
financial institution as arranged by the Securities Intermediary: (i) the Issuer may not be able to recover 
all sums due to it and may not therefore have sufficient amounts to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations 
to Security Holders; and/or (ii) it may take longer to realise the Collateral and a Security Holder may 
therefore experience delays in receiving amounts due to them. 
If the amounts received by the Issuer upon the realisation of Collateral (whether realised from the 
Securities Intermediary or any such depositories, banks or other financial institutions instructed by the 
Securities Intermediary) are not sufficient fully to cover the Issuer’s payment obligations to Security 
Holders then a Security Holder may incur a loss which may be significant. 
 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
If the Trustee enforces its security, and takes control of a Collateral Account, the factors referred to in 
“Realisation of Collateral” above will also apply. In addition, the Trustee is dependent upon the Issuer to 
make or cause to be made and publish its calculations of the Price of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities and consequently of any Redemption Amount. If the Issuer is insolvent, or for 
other reasons, the Issuer may not make and publish such calculations. In such circumstances, there can 
be no assurance that the Trustee will be able to perform such calculations, or to find a third party able 
and willing to perform such calculations for it. The Prices of all classes of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are determined in accordance with a formula and (save in respect of certain 
specific elements or in the case of market disruptions) there is no provision for a calculation agent to 
make a conclusive determination of the Price. There can therefore also be no assurance that any Price 
or Redemption Amount which is calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee will accord with 
that calculated by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, or (in the event of a Compulsory Redemption) 
that the day upon which the Price payable by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to the Issuer is 
calculated under the relevant Facility Agreement will be the same as the day on which the Price or 
Redemption Amount payable on the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be calculated   (so 
that there may be a mismatch). Accordingly, following a Counterparty Event of Default there may be 
delays in obtaining a Price for certain classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which could 
result in a Security Holder being unable to redeem their securities. There may also be inaccuracies in 
the Price calculation which could result in losses to Security Holders. 
 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Pursuant to the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) EU member states 
were required to introduce a recovery and resolution framework for banks and significant investment 
firms (“institutions”) giving national competent and resolution authorities powers of intervention where 
such an institution is deemed to be failing or likely to fail. 
Among other things the BRRD provides for the introduction of a “bail-in tool” under which resolution 
authorities may write down claims of the institution’s shareholders and creditors and/or convert such 
claims into equity. Exceptions to this include secured liabilities, client assets and client money. If following 
a bail-in it is determined, based on a post-resolution valuation, that shareholders or creditors whose 
claims have been written down or converted into equity have incurred greater losses than they would 
have done had the institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, the BRRD 
provides that they are entitled to payment of the difference.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Other powers of intervention include the power to close out open derivatives positions, temporarily 
suspend payment or delivery obligations, restrict or stay the enforcement of security interests and 
suspend termination rights. 
Under BRRD policy, financial public support of an institution should only be used as a last resort after all 
other measures (including bail-in) have been assessed and exploited to the fullest extent possible. 
As MLI and CGML are both UK financial institutions, they are subject to BRRD. BRRD applies 
automatically in the case of agreements governed by any European Economic Area law (such as the 
Facility Agreements and the Commodity Contracts) and institutions are required by BRRD to ensure that 
agreements governed by other laws include a term under which the creditor of the institution covered by 
BRRD recognises the liability may be subject to the exercise of write-down and conversion powers. As 
the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML 
Control Agreement are each governed by New York law, they include (or separately incorporate) such 
acknowledgments. 
The implementation of a resolution process in relation to an institution which is a counterparty to or obligor 
of the Issuer could result in a bail-in being exercised in respect of any unsecured claims the Issuer has 
against that institution. As a result, the amount outstanding under such claims could be reduced to zero 
or converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership in the institution or the terms of such 
claims could be varied. 
The application of BRRD to an institution could also result in derivatives positions (including Commodity 
Contracts) held by the Issuer with the institution being closed out or terminated, and delays in the ability 
of the Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of collateral or otherwise against the institution concerned. 
Any payment of compensation due to the Issuer as a result of the Issuer being worse off as a result of a 
bail-in is likely to be delayed until after the completion of the resolution process and may prove to be 
less than anticipated or expected or may be the subject of dispute. 
Although the UK is no longer a member of the EU, BRRD continues to apply in the UK as retained EU 
law pursuant to the terms of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
U.S. Stay Resolution Provisions 
Regulations (“U.S. SRR Provisions”) have been adopted by U.S. prudential regulators in respect of 
certain entities that are part of a banking organisation designated as a global-systemically important 
banking organisation The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to banking entities (collectively “Covered 
Entities”) that are (1) deemed to be global systemically  important  U.S.  banking  organisations  (“U.S. 
GSIBs”) or that meet an asset size threshold, (2) certain subsidiaries of a U.S. GSIB and (3) certain 
U.S. operations of systemically important non-U.S. banking organisations. The U.S. SRR Provisions 
seek to reduce the potential that the resolution of a Covered Entity will be disorderly and lead to disruptive 
asset sales and liquidations which prudential regulators are concerned could spark a broad financial 
crisis. 
The effect of the U.S. SRR Provisions is to eliminate certain contractual rights in certain financial contracts 
(“qualified financial contracts”), such as agreements relating to swaps, currency forwards and other 
derivatives as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, such that the 
counterparties to these contracts (a) are subject to a stay for a specified time period during which they 
will be prevented from closing out a qualified financial contract if the Covered Entity is subject to resolution 
proceedings and (b) are prohibited from exercising default rights due to a receivership or similar 
proceeding of an affiliate of the Covered Entity. In some instances the U.S. prudential regulator 
administering the resolution could transfer the qualified financial contracts to another financial institution 
that is not in an insolvency proceeding. 
The Issuer believes that each of the Counterparties and its Guarantor is a Covered Entity and that the 
Commodity Contracts and Guarantees to which it is a party are qualified financial contracts to which the 
U.S. SRR Provisions apply. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to qualified financial contracts that are governed by U.S. law and 
to U.S. persons, but they also require Covered Entities to include in all qualified financial contracts that 
are not governed by U.S. law (or the law of a State of the U.S.A.) contractual provisions reflecting the 
requirements of the U.S. SRR Provisions that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, such as the 
Issuer, to exercise certain close-out, cross-default and similar rights under certain conditions. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions came into force on various dates that commenced in January 2019 and were

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
due to be complied with by 1 July 2019. 
The Facility Agreements are governed by English law and accordingly each of the Counterparties was 
required to amend its Facility Agreement with the Issuer to include such provisions, failing which it may 
have been unable to continue to create Commodity Contracts. The U.S. SRR Provisions enable 
compliance either by bilateral agreement or by adherence to a standard ISDA protocol. The Issuer 
adhered to the ISDA® 2018 US Resolution Stay Protocol with effect from 28 June 2019. 
Implementation of these requirements may increase credit, close-out and other risks in respect of the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. As no resolution of a Covered Entity has taken place with 
the U.S. SRR Provisions in effect, it is unclear how they will operate in practice. There is however a risk 
that, in the event of a default of a Commodity Contract Counterparty and where the powers or required 
contractual provisions under the U.S. SRR Provisions are exercised, Security Holders may incur losses 
because during this period, for example because: 
(a) 
Security Holders may be unable to Redeem their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
so would not be able to realise their investment at a time and value of their choosing; 
(b) 
the Issuer may be prevented from giving notice to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
of a Compulsory Pricing Date under the relevant Facility Agreement which, if all Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of a particular class are to be Redeemed, could prevent the 
Issuer from redeeming such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, which could delay a 
Security Holder realising their investment; and 
(c) 
the assets in any Pool may be reduced, so that Security Holders (for the corresponding class) 
would receive less than the Price of their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on a 
subsequent Redemption or Compulsory Redemption. 
 
Commodity Contract Counterparty Withholding 
In certain circumstances where a Commodity Contract Counterparty considers that an amount payable 
by it in respect of the termination of a Commodity Contract is, may be or may be about to be required by 
any applicable law of the United States to be paid subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes (which expression is widely defined for this purpose on the Facility 
Agreements), then it may give 30 days’ notice to the Issuer under the Facility Agreement and until the 
expiry of such notice it will be obliged to “gross-up” the amounts so payable by it subject (in the case 
where the beneficial holder of the relevant Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities being redeemed 
is not an Authorised Participant) to provision to the Commodity Contract Counterparty of certain beneficial 
owner certifications to allow the Commodity Contract Counterparty (if possible) to pay the relevant 
amount without any such deduction or withholding, or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced 
rate. Payment on redemption to persons who are not Authorised Participants may in these circumstances 
be subject to their giving to the Issuer and the Commodity Contract Counterparty such beneficial owner 
certifications. 
Following the expiry of the 30 days’ notice, the Commodity Contract Counterparty will not be obliged to 
“gross-up” any amounts payable by it and if the Issuer makes payment on Redemption only of the net 
amount so paid, that shall not be a regarded as a default by the Issuer. In such circumstances therefore 
Security Holders would receive less monies on redemption than they would otherwise be expecting and 
to that extent may suffer loss as a result. 
 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer. The ability of the 
Issuer to pay on redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is wholly dependent on it 
receiving payment from the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. The Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, the Trustee, the 
Registrar, Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member 
of the BAC Group, CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group, any direct or indirect shareholder 
of the Issuer or any of the Authorised Participants and no Security Holder has any direct rights of 
enforcement against such persons. The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose 
of issuing exchange traded commodities (“ETCs”) as asset-backed securities. 
If the net proceeds of realisation of the Secured Property in respect of a particular Pool, following 
enforcement of the Security Deed applicable to that Pool, are less than the aggregate amount payable 
in such circumstances by the Issuer in respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class, 
A9.4.1

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities will be limited 
to the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured Property. In such circumstances the assets (if any) of 
the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant Pool will not be available for payment of such 
shortfall, the rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive any further amounts in respect of such 
obligations shall be extinguished and none of the Security Holders or the Trustee may take any further 
action to recover such amounts. In these circumstances, the Security Holder would suffer a loss. 
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority of payments in accordance 
with the Trust Instrument, further details of which are set out in Condition 16 (Application of Moneys) in 
Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). Following the priority of 
payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return the full Redemption 
Amount to investors who may suffer a loss as a result. 
 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security on 
behalf of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) 
by a Security Holder to whom the Issuer has failed to comply with certain payment obligations in 
respect of the Redemption of any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities (subject to certain 
remedies and/or exclusions) is owed; or 
(b) 
if (a) the Commodity Contract Counterparty is subject to an “Event of Default” under the relevant 
ISDA Master Agreement to which it is a party, or (b) the Issuer is subject to an insolvency event, 
(i) in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the 
date of the last signature) of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then 
outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. In circumstances 
where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right to proceed 
directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in 
relation to any Pool. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted by 
the Security Deed, such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that 
jurisdiction and/or such assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured 
by the Security Deed. 
The Issuer has taken the following steps to perfect the security granted under the Security Deed relating 
to the Security Agreements: (a) the Issuer has notified the Securities Intermediary of the security so 
granted in writing and the Securities Intermediary has in writing acknowledged to the Issuer and the 
Trustee such notification; and (b) the Issuer’s grant of the security interest is expressly acknowledged in 
the Control Agreements with provision made under the Control Agreements for the Securities 
Intermediary to act on the instructions of the Trustee enforcing the security. 
The Issuer may take further steps if required in order to perfect such security under English law. However 
the security so granted may not be recognised or perfected under the laws of other jurisdictions in which 
some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in relation to any Pool may be deemed to be 
located. 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
If MLI as Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it considers that, as a result of the application in the 
United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, any calculation, determination or provision by the 
Calculation Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency 
Agreement in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a 
notice to that effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer 
should it subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly 
burdensome), in which event: 
• 
the Issuer may suspend the redemption by Settlement Pricing (but not by Agreed Pricing) of that 
class for up to 90 days; 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under 
A14.4.6

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
the Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of the relevant class by 
Settlement Pricing; 
• 
if such suspension has been in effect for at least 30 days, the Issuer may redeem compulsorily 
the Commodity Securities of the relevant class on not less than two Business Days’ notice; and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a substitute 
index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract Counterparty, such 
approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days (or such shorter or 
longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not 
within 75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or 
appointed a replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the 
Issuer may elect by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity 
Contracts be cancelled on not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable 
Commodity Securities will be redeemed). 
In these circumstances, the Security Holder may suffer a loss if the cash value of the Commodity 
Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day 
chosen by the Security Holder, rather than on the date of the early redemption. Early redemption could 
also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge that it would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, 
if the early redemption takes place at a time when the cash value of the Commodity Securities redeemed 
is lower than when they were purchased by the Security Holder, the Security Holder could suffer a loss. 
 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions 
with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particular exposed to national, 
international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. 
The scope and requirements of regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer and the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties continues to change and evolve and there is a risk that as a result it may prove 
more difficult or impossible, or more expensive, for the Issuer or the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
to continue to carry on their functions in the manner currently contemplated, including a risk that future 
regulation of the commodity futures market may result in increased hedging costs for the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties or limits on the extent of their permitted hedging activities. This may require that 
changes are made in the future to the agreements applicable to the Programme and may result in 
changes to the commercial terms of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (such as reductions 
in the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits and/or increase in the amounts required by the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties to cover their hedging costs, which would result in a reduction in 
the Capital Adjustment and hence a reduction in the Price) and/or the inability to apply for and Redeem 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof. 
 
‘Brexit’ 
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015 of the UK, a referendum on the United Kingdom’s 
membership of the European Union (EU) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the 
EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK Government gave notice under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European 
Union of the UK’s intention to leave the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State 
of the EU. This cessation was subject to a withdrawal agreement between the UK and the remaining EU 
Member States which provided for a transition period lasting until December 2020 during which EU law 
continued to apply to the UK as if it remained a Member State. On 30 December 2020 the UK and the 
EU entered into a “Trade and Cooperation Agreement” (the “Trade and Cooperation Agreement”) to 
regulate certain aspects of the relationship between the UK and the EU following the end of the transition 
period.  The enactment of the European Union (Future Relationship) Act 2020 brought into effect in the 
UK certain provisions of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement.  The terms of the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement contemplate further agreements and amendments to be negotiated and agreed.  
There are certain legal and regulatory aspects of membership of the EU (such as certain financial 
services arrangements) the effects of which are not maintained by the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement and where “equivalence” decisions have not been made and/or may be withdrawn 
unilaterally. 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the UK’s departure from the EU and agreement of the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement remain uncertain, there could be short-term volatility which could 
have a negative impact on general economic conditions in the UK and business and consumer 
confidence in the UK, which may in turn have a negative impact elsewhere in the EU and more widely. 
Among other things, the UK’s departure from EU and agreement of the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement could lead to instability in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of 
the pound sterling or the euro. 
Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business 
activity; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading 
portfolios resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the liquidity 
of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme and to 
investors is consequent upon the UK’s departure from the EU and agreement of the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement and its potential effect remains unclear and this may have adverse and/or 
unforeseeable consequences.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. It is not intended to be a 
summary of or a complete description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment 
in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should only be made after careful consideration of this 
Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
 
What are Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities? 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are secured, undated limited recourse debt securities issued 
by WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, a Jersey special purpose company established for the 
purpose of issuing asset backed securities, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the 
Classic and Longer Dated Securities. The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have been 
designed to enable investors to gain a short exposure of one times short (–1x) or three times short (–3x) 
or a leveraged exposure of two times leveraged (2x) or three times leveraged (3x) to the daily changes 
in indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures contracts or baskets of 
commodity futures contracts, and to enable investors to buy and sell that interest through the trading of 
a security on a stock exchange. 
 
What are the Bloomberg Commodity Indices? 
The Bloomberg Commodity Index and its sub-indices are indices which track movements in the price of 
individual commodity futures contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts. They are calculated 
by Bloomberg in conjunction with UBS Securities and published by Bloomberg and known as the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index family. 
 
How do Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities give a short or leveraged exposure to 
Commodity Indices? 
The Short Commodity Securities provide exposure which is negative and which changes (before fees 
and adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption Events) inversely with changes in the level of 
a Commodity Index, such that if the level of the Commodity Index falls the effect will be a direct positive 
effect on the Price of a One Times Short Commodity Security (and vice versa) and a three times positive 
effect on the Price in the case of Three Times Short Individual Securities (and vice versa). 
The Leveraged Commodity Securities provide exposure which is (before fees and adjustments and in 
the absence of Market Disruption Events and in the case of Three Times Commodity Securities and 
Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) two times leveraged in the case of Two Times Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, and three times leveraged in the case of Three Times Leveraged Individual 
Securities, and which in each case changes directly with changes in the level of a Commodity Index. 
 
The index which the Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is tracking has moved by ‘X’% over 
the past week but my Short or Leveraged Commodity Security has moved ‘Y’%. Why doesn't the 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Security track the exact movement of the index? 
The Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is designed to provide a short exposure of one times short 
(–1x) or three times short (–3x) or a leveraged exposure of two times leveraged (2x) or three times 
leveraged (3x) to the daily changes in indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity 
futures contracts or, in the case of One Times Short Index Securities and Two Times Leveraged Index 
Securities, baskets of commodity futures contracts. The return may not equal one times short, three 
times short, two times leveraged or three times leveraged exposure to the change in such indices over 
periods longer than one day. Please see Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their 
investment?) for more information. 
 
How does the Issuer back its short or leveraged exposure to Commodity Indices? 
Each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security is backed by an equal number of Commodity 
Contracts of the same class entered into with a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a 
Facility Agreement. Under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds of that class

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security to the Commodity Contract Counterparty and in return the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty provides the Issuer with an equal number of Commodity Contracts of 
the same class. The Commodity Contracts of a particular class will provide the Issuer with exposure to 
the daily percentage change of the value of the relevant Commodity Index (less fees, expenses and 
other adjustments) for an amount equal to the issue proceeds of the related class of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. The Commodity Contract Counterparty is also required to post collateral with 
respect to the Commodity Contracts as described under “What is the purpose of the collateral?” below. 
 
What is the Price? 
The Price of a particular class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is calculated in accordance 
with a set formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their investment?). The Price reflects the daily percentage change in the value of 
the relevant Commodity Index and the applicable fees payable by a Security Holder in respect of that class 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
When will the Price of a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security be published? 
The Price for a particular Pricing Day will be published on the Issuer’s website on the next Business Day 
at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
 
What happens if a Restrike Event occurs? 
In relation to the Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities and the Three Times Short Individual 
Securities, there is an additional mechanism in the pricing formula to re-set the level of the relevant 
Commodity Index if it falls by 25 per cent. or more (in the case of Three Times Leveraged Individual 
Securities) or has risen by 25 per cent. or more (in the case of Three Times Short Individual Securities) 
during the course of a day, known as a “Restrike Event”. 
If there is a Restrike Event, a new index value will be calculated for the relevant class, referred to as the 
“Restrike Index Value”. A Security Holder will obtain a three times leveraged or three times short (as the 
case may be) exposure to the movement in the relevant Commodity Index (i) from the value at the 
previous closing settlement price to the Restrike Index Value; and then (ii) from the Restrike Index Value 
to that day’s closing settlement price. If the period within which the Restrike Index Value can be 
determined (the “Restrike Index Value Determination Window”) is set to end 15 minutes or less prior to 
the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value Determination Window will be 
extended to end at the underlying commodity settlement time and the value at (ii) above will be the 
Restrike Index Value rather than the closing settlement price. 
In relation to any class of Second Month Securities, there is an additional mechanism in the pricing 
formula to re-set the level of the relevant Commodity Index if the relevant Commodity Index either (i) falls 
by 35 per cent. relative to the previous Restrike Index Value in the case of Second Month Securities 
which are Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 70 per cent. relative to the previous Restrike 
Index Value in the case of Second Month Securities which are Short Individual Securities.  
If there is a Restrike Event in relation to any class of Second Month Securities, a new index value will be 
calculated for the relevant class, referred to as the “Restrike Index Value”. A Security Holder will obtain a 
two times leveraged or one times short (as the case may be) exposure to the movement in the relevant 
Commodity Index (i) from the value at the previous closing settlement price to the Restrike Index Value; 
and then (ii) from the Restrike Index Value to that day’s closing settlement price. If the period within which 
the Restrike Index Value can be determined (the “Restrike Index Value Determination Window”) is set 
to end 30 minutes or less prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window will be extended to end at the underlying commodity settlement time and the 
value at (ii) above will be the Restrike Index Value rather than the closing settlement price. 
 
What happens if more than one Restrike Event occurs on the same day? 
In relation to the Three Times Leveraged Individual Commodity Securities and the Three Times Short 
Commodity Securities, more than one Restrike Event may occur on the same day. If more than one 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended on the same day, a Security Holder will obtain a 
three times leveraged or three times short (as the case may be) exposure to the movement in the relevant 
Commodity Index (i) from the value at the previous closing settlement price to the first Restrike Index Value; 
(ii) from the Restrike Index Value relating to the first Restrike Event up to the Restrike Index Value of the 
subsequent Restrike Event; and then (iii) from the final Restrike Index Value to that day’s closing

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
settlement price. If the last Restrike Index Value Determination Window is set to end 15 minutes or less 
prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value Determination Window will be 
extended to end at the underlying commodity settlement time and the value at (iii) above will be the 
Restrike Index Value of the last Restrike Event rather than the closing settlement price. 
In relation to any class of Second Month Securities, more than one Restrike Event may occur on the 
same day. If more than one Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended on the same day, a 
Security Holder will obtain a two times leveraged or one times short (as the case may be) exposure to the 
movement in the relevant Commodity Index (i) from the value at the previous closing settlement price to the 
first Restrike Index Value; (ii) from the Restrike Index Value relating to the first Restrike Event up to the 
Restrike Index Value of the subsequent Restrike Event; and then (iii) from the final Restrike Index Value 
to that day’s closing settlement price. If the last Restrike Index Value Determination Window is set to end 
30 minutes or less prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window will be extended to end at the underlying commodity settlement time and the 
value at (iii) above will be the Restrike Index Value of the last Restrike Event rather than the closing 
settlement price. 
 
What happens if a Restrike Event and a Market Disruption Event occur? 
In relation to the Three Times Leveraged Individual Commodity Securities and the Three Times Short 
Commodity Securities, if a Restrike Index Value Determination Window is set to end 15 minutes or less 
prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value will be used rather than the 
closing settlement price. If a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event happens during the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window, this period will be extended until the earlier of (a) a 
continuous 15 minute period having elapsed during which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging 
Disruption Event has occurred and (b) the end of exchange hours on the third full trading day after the 
Restrike Event occurred. 
In relation to any class of Second Month Securities, if a Restrike Index Value Determination Window is 
set to end 30 minutes or less prior to the underlying commodity settlement time, the Restrike Index Value 
will be used rather than the closing settlement price. If a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption 
Event happens during the Restrike Index Value Determination Window, this period will be extended until 
the earlier of (a) a continuous 30 minute period having elapsed during which no Market Disruption Event 
or Hedging Disruption Event has occurred and (b) the end of exchange hours on the third full trading day 
after the Restrike Event occurred. 
What is a Commodity Contract Counterparty? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are entities with which the Issuer has entered into a Facility 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer will purchase Commodity Contracts from the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty. As at the date of this Prospectus, MLI and CGML are the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties under the Programme. 
 
What are the risks associated with holding a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security for periods 
greater than one day? 
The Short Commodity Securities provide an exposure to minus one times (–1x) or minus three times (–
3x) the daily percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index and the Leveraged Commodity 
Securities provide an exposure to two times (+2x) or three times (+3x) the daily percentage change in 
the relevant Commodity Index. 
Over periods of greater than one day, the change in price of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
may not match precisely minus one times (–1), minus three times (–3x), two times (+2x) or three times 
(+3x) the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index over such longer period and it is possible 
that they “outperform” or “underperform” minus one times, minus three times, two times or three times, 
respectively, the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index over such longer period. 
 
Is an investment in a Commodity Index the same as investing in the underlying commodities? 
An investment in a Commodity Index is not the same as investing directly in the underlying commodities. 
Importantly, an investment in a Commodity Index does not give any ownership interest, right or  
entitlement to any actual commodity or commodity futures contract. Any amounts payable on the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be in cash, and the holders of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any commodity or commodity futures 
contract at any time.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Who makes calculations in respect of a Commodity Index? 
The Bloomberg Commodity Index and its sub-indices are constructed and published pursuant to a joint 
arrangement between UBS Securities and Bloomberg. The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and its sub-
indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices, the Second Month Indices and the other Composite 
Commodity Indices) are published on Bloomberg’s website at http://www.bloombergindexes.com/.   
Index 
value 
and 
performance 
data 
on 
each 
Bloomberg 
Commodity 
Index 
via 
https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/[Index Ticker]:IND.  
For example, information on the Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SLIndex (BBG Ticker: BCOSLER) can be 
accessed via the following link: https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/BCOMTER:IND.     
 
What is the purpose of the collateral? 
The Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds for each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security to 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty in return for that Commodity Contract Counterparty entering into 
an equivalent number of Commodity Contracts of such class. 
This means that the Issuer will have a credit exposure to the Commodity Contract Counterparty with 
respect to the amounts owed to the Issuer under the terms of the Commodity Contracts. To reduce this 
exposure the Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post collateral to a collateral account held 
in the Commodity Contract Counterparty’s name with The Bank of New York Mellon. 
In the event that the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults on its payment obligations under a 
Commodity Contract, then the Issuer will be entitled to take control over a Collateral Account and the 
collateral within it for the purposes of realising the collateral. The Issuer would then sell such collateral 
with the aim of satisfying the amounts owed to it by the Commodity Contract Counterparty under a 
Commodity Contract, although in the event that the proceeds from selling the collateral are less than the 
amounts owed by the Commodity Contract Counterparty then the Issuer may not in turn be able to pay 
the full amount owed to Security Holders. 
 
What happens if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults? 
If the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults then the Issuer would be expected to cease to enter 
into Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparty. A Counterparty Event of Default 
would include circumstances where the Commodity Contract Counterparty has failed to pay amounts 
due in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination and has failed to rectify such failure to pay within a 
certain time limit. Upon default the Issuer may also look to close out the existing Commodity Contracts 
in place with the Commodity Contract Counterparty in receipt for the cash owed to it under such 
Commodity Contracts. 
 
When can a Commodity Contract Counterparty elect to terminate Commodity Contracts? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty may, on giving not less than three months’ prior written notice to 
the Issuer, elect to compulsorily redeem all classes of Commodity Contracts or, in the event that the 
Issuer has defaulted on certain of its obligations to the Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
Facility Agreement, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may compulsorily redeem all classes of 
Commodity Contracts on not less than two Business Days’ notice. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty also has the right to terminate some or all of the Commodity 
Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging positions which (acting 
reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility Agreement or 
Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has, and will exercise, the right 
to redeem some or all of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class. 
Other termination rights in favour of the Commodity Contract Counterparties include on the occurrence 
of a material adverse change (which itself includes a change in tax law). 
The Facility Agreements each have a term of ten years from 24 October 2017 and in the event that such 
term expires and the parties do not agree to an extension then all classes of Commodity Contracts will 
also be compulsorily redeemed following such expiry. 
 
What happens if a Market Disruption Event occurs?

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
If the level of a Commodity Index is not published due to a Market Disruption Event then the Calculation 
Agent will use a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated using the most recently 
reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event 
and using a fair market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Facility 
Agreements described in Condition 14.3 of the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities) for the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market 
Disruption Event. 
For these purposes, a Market Disruption Event may occur with respect to a Commodity Index where, for 
example, certain events occur which disrupt trading in the commodities that are comprised within the 
underlying commodity index or where an exchange on which those commodities trade closes early or 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Where calculations and determinations are made in relation to Commodity Contracts, the same 
calculations and determinations will be made in respect of the corresponding Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
Who is the Calculation Agent? 
MLI is acting as the Calculation Agent with respect to the Commodity Contracts under the Facility 
Agreement. It is not a calculation agent for the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or for the 
Programme. The role of MLI as Calculation Agent is limited to the making of calculations and 
determinations in accordance with the terms of the Facility Agreements in respect of the Commodity 
Contracts thereunder. 
 
What is the Capital Adjustment? 
The Capital Adjustment forms part of the pricing formula for the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and will result in certain adjustments to the Price of a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
(the Capital Adjustment is described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element 
of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions that meet certain eligibility requirements and who have 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are 
allowed to buy and (in most cases) sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities directly with the 
Issuer. Authorised Participants may, but do not have to, act as market makers for the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities by buying and selling Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
and from investors either on exchange or in over the counter transactions. 
 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is to 
act as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Security 
Deeds and the Trustee holds its rights on behalf of Security Holders (and itself). 
 
What is the cash value of a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security? 
Each Short and Leveraged Commodity Security has a Price (which is an amount in US Dollars) which 
reflects the value of the corresponding Commodity Contracts and which also reduces each day to reflect 
the accrual of the fees payable in respect of that Short and Leveraged Commodity Security. All Security 
Holders will generally buy and sell their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on a stock exchange 
in return for cash. The cash value at which the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will trade on 
exchange is expected to be close to the value of such Price. 
Further information and examples of how the Price is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
 
How do I buy and sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities? 
Generally only Authorised Participants may create and redeem Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities directly with the Issuer at the Price on the relevant date. Once an Authorised Participant creates 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities with the Issuer it can then (i) choose to hold the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities itself; (ii) sell those securities on one of the stock exchanges on which

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities in private off exchange transaction (OTC); or (iv) redeem the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
on any of the stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in 
the same way as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Transactions in Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can 
be done at any point during the Trading Day. Such purchases of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities will generally be done at a “bid price” and any sales of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities intraday will generally be done at an “offer price”. The bid and offer prices of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Security are expected to be close to the cash value of the Price of the relevant 
class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security on a particular day, however, they will not match 
exactly the Price because bid and offer prices also take account of other market conditions such as 
market liquidity (supply and demand) at the time that the investor is looking to buy or sell their Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of their initial investment. An investor can also lose part of their 
investment if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults – see section entitled “What happens if the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults” above. 
 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and hold their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities cannot lose more than 
their initial investment. 
 
What is the minimum investment? 
One Short or Leveraged Commodity Security. 
 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged (within the Price) a Management Fee, an amount reflecting amounts owing to or 
owed by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to reflect the benefit or cost to the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty of selling Commodity Contracts to the Issuer and a licence allowance in respect of the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Where an Authorised Participant subscribes for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, the Issuer 
may charge an Application Fee which will be payable in addition to the Price and, likewise, the Issuer 
may deduct an amount equal to the Redemption Fee from the amount payable on a redemption of Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Further information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
Investors who buy and sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on exchange or in transactions 
other than with the Issuer may also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
 
Who is the “holder” of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities? 
If the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually 
be the case), the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary 
for the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or the person entered in the register as the Security 
Holder. As an investor, your rights in relation to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be 
governed by the contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold 
your interest in the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the contracts they have with the 
clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where this Prospectus describes a right 
as being owed to, or exercisable by, a Security Holder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such 
right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
 
Can Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities? 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
UCITS. 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for 
collective investment in transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on 
the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, need to 
satisfy themselves that an investment in the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities would comply 
with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, 
regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives. Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS, which is a Security 
Holder to be in breach of its compliance obligations under the UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation or investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions 
under its national regime.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
CLASSES OF SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
One Times Short Individual Securities and One Times Short Index Securities 
Details of the daily exposure to the underlying Commodity Index (before fees and adjustments and 
subject to the impact of Market Disruption Events and, in the cases of Three Times Commodity 
Securities and Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) and LSE Code for each class of One Times 
Short Individual Security and One Times Short Index Security available for issue are set out below: 
 
One Times Short Individual Security 
Daily Exposure to Individual Commodity Index 
-1 x daily percentage change in the following 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Sub-Index: 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Aluminium Sub-IndexSM 
SALU 
WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Cocoa Sub-IndexSM 
SCOC 
WisdomTree Coffee 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Coffee Sub-IndexSM 
SCFE 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Copper Sub-IndexSM 
SCOP 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Corn Sub-IndexSM 
SCOR 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Cotton Sub-IndexSM 
SCTO 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL IndexSM1 
SOIL 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Unleaded Gasoline Sub-IndexSM 
SGAS 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Gold Sub-IndexSM 
SBUL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Heating Oil Sub-IndexSM 
SHEA 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Lead Sub-IndexSM 
SLEA 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Lean Hogs Sub-IndexSM 
SLHO 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Live Cattle Sub-IndexSM 
SLCT 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas SL IndexSM2 
SNGA 
WisdomTree Nickel 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Nickel Sub-IndexSM 
SNIK 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Platinum Sub-IndexSM 
SPLA 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Silver Sub-IndexSM 
SSIL 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Soybean Oil Sub-IndexSM 
SSYO 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Soybeans Sub-IndexSM 
SSOB 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Sugar Sub-IndexSM 
SSUG 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Tin Sub-IndexSM 
STIM 
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Wheat Sub-IndexSM 
SWEA 
WisdomTree Zinc 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Zinc Sub-IndexSM 
SZIC 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude SL IndexSM3 
SBRT 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 1x Daily Short 
The Bloomberg Gas Oil Sub-IndexSM 
SGSO 
 
 
One Times Short Index Security 
 
 
Daily Exposure to Composite Commodity Index 
-1 x daily percentage change in the following 
Bloomberg Commodity Index or Sub-Index: 
 
 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short  The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
SALL 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Energy Sub-IndexSM 
SNRG 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Petroleum Sub-IndexSM 
SPET 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 
1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Ex-Energy Sub-IndexSM 
SNEY 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short) 
The Bloomberg Precious Metals Sub-IndexSM 
SPMT 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Industrial Metals Sub-IndexSM 
SIME 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Agriculture Sub-IndexSM 
SAGR 
WisdomTree Softs 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Softs Sub-IndexSM 
SSFT 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Livestock Sub-IndexSM 
SLST 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short  
The Bloomberg Grains Sub-IndexSM 
SGRA

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Three Times Short Individual Securities 
Details of the daily exposure to the underlying Commodity Index (before fees and adjustments and 
subject to the impact of Market Disruption Events and Restrike Days) and LSE Code for each class of 
Three Times Short Individual Security are set out below: 
 
Three Times Short Individual Security 
Daily Exposure to Individual Commodity Index 
LSE Code 
–3 x daily percentage change in the following 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Sub-Index: 
WisdomTree Aluminium 3x Daily) 
The Bloomberg Aluminum Sub-IndexSM 
3SAL 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude Sub-IndexSM 
3SBC 
WisdomTree Cocoa 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Cocoa Sub-IndexSM 
3SCC 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Coffee Sub-IndexSM 
3CFS 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Copper Sub-IndexSM 
3CUS 
WisdomTree Corn 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Corn Sub-IndexSM 
3SCO 
WisdomTree Cotton 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Cotton Sub-IndexSM 
3SCT 
WisdomTree Gasoline 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Unleaded Gasoline Sub-IndexSM 
3SGS 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Gas Oil Sub-IndexSM 
GO3S 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Gold Sub-IndexSM 
3AUS 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Heating Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3SHO 
WisdomTree Lead 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Lead Sub-IndexSM 
3SPB 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Lean Hogs Sub-IndexSM 
3SLH 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Live Cattle Sub-IndexSM 
3SLC 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas Sub-IndexSM 
NG3S 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Nickel Sub-IndexSM 
3NIS 
WisdomTree Platinum 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Platinum Sub-IndexSM 
3SPT 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Silver Sub-IndexSM 
SI3S 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Soybean Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3SSO 
WisdomTree Soybeans 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Soybeans Sub-IndexSM 
3SSY 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Sugar Sub-IndexSM 
3SUS 
WisdomTree Tin 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Tin Sub-IndexSM 
3SSN 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Wheat Sub-IndexSM 
3WHS 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3CRS 
WisdomTree Zinc 3x Daily 
The Bloomberg Zinc Sub-IndexSM 
3SZN

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities and Two Times Leveraged Index Securities 
Details of the daily exposure to the underlying Commodity Index (before fees and adjustments and 
subject to the impact of Market Disruption Events and, in the cases of Three Times Commodity Securities 
and Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) and LSE Code for each class of Two Times Leveraged 
Individual Security and Two Times Leveraged Index Security available for issue are set out below: 
 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Security 
Daily Exposure to Individual Commodity Index 
LSE Code 
+2 x daily percentage change in the following Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Sub-Index: 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Aluminum Sub-IndexSM 
LALU 
WisdomTree Cocoa 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Cocoa Sub-IndexSM 
LCOC 
WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Coffee Sub-IndexSM 
LCFE 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Copper Sub-IndexSM 
LCOP 
WisdomTree Corn 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Corn Sub-IndexSM 
LCOR 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Cotton Sub-IndexSM 
LCTO 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL IndexSM 4 
LOIL 
WisdomTree Gasoline 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Unleaded Gasoline Sub-IndexSM 
LGAS 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Gold Sub-IndexSM 
LBUL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Heating Oil Sub-IndexSM 
LHEA 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Lead Sub-IndexSM 
LLEA 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Lean Hogs Sub-IndexSM 
LLHO 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Live Cattle Sub-IndexSM 
LLCT 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas SL IndexSM5 
LNGA 
WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Nickel Sub-IndexSM 
LNIK 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Platinum Sub-IndexSM 
LPLA 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Silver Sub-IndexSM 
LSIL 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Soybean Oil Sub-IndexSM 
LSYO 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Soybeans Sub-IndexSM 
LSOB 
WisdomTree Sugar 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Sugar Sub-IndexSM 
LSUG 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Tin Sub-IndexSM 
LTIM 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Wheat Sub-IndexSM 
LWEA 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Zinc Sub-IndexSM 
LZIC 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged The Bloomberg Brent Crude SL IndexSM6 
LBRT 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Gas Oil Sub-IndexSM 
 LGSO 
 
Two Times Leveraged Index Security 
Daily Exposure to Composite Commodity Index 
LSE Code 
+2 x daily percentage change in the following 
Bloomberg Commodity Index or Sub-Index: 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x  
The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
LALL 
Daily Leveraged  
WisdomTree Energy 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Energy Sub-IndexSM 
LNRG 
WisdomTree Petroleum 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Petroleum Sub-IndexSM 
LPET 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 2x   The Bloomberg Ex-Energy Sub-IndexSM 
LNEY 
Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily Leveraged The Bloomberg Precious Metals Sub-IndexSM 
LPMT 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 2x Daily Leveraged The Bloomberg Industrial Metals Sub-IndexSM 
LIME 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Agriculture Sub-IndexSM 
LAGR 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Softs Sub-IndexSM 
LSFT 
WisdomTree Livestock 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Livestock Sub-IndexSM 
LLST 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Grains Sub-IndexSM 
LGRA

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
Details of the daily exposure to the underlying Commodity Index (before fees and adjustments and 
subject to the impact of Market Disruption Events and Restrike Days) and LSE Code for each class of 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Security are set out below: 
 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Security       Daily Exposure to Individual Commodity Index 
LSE Code 
+3 x daily percentage change in the following 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Sub-Index: 
WisdomTree Aluminium 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Aluminum Sub-IndexSM 
3LAL 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged The Bloomberg Brent Crude Sub-IndexSM 
3LBC 
WisdomTree Cocoa 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Cocoa Sub-IndexSM 
3LCC 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Coffee Sub-IndexSM 
3CFL 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Copper Sub-IndexSM 
3CUL 
WisdomTree Corn 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Corn Sub-IndexSM 
3LCO 
WisdomTree Cotton 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Cotton Sub-IndexSM 
3LCT 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Gas Oil Sub-IndexSM 
GO3L 
WisdomTree Gasoline 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Unleaded Gasoline Sub-IndexSM 
3LGS 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Gold Sub-IndexSM 
3AUL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Heating Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3LHO 
WisdomTree Lead 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Lead Sub-IndexSM 
3LPB 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Lean Hogs Sub-IndexSM 
3LLH 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Live Cattle Sub-IndexSM 
3LLC 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas Sub-IndexSM 
NG3L 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Nickel Sub-IndexSM 
3NIL 
WisdomTree Platinum 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Platinum Sub-IndexSM 
3LPT 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Silver Sub-IndexSM 
SI3L 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Soybean Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3LSO 
WisdomTree Soybeans 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Soybeans Sub-IndexSM 
3LSY 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Sugar Sub-IndexSM 
3SUL 
WisdomTree Tin 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Tin Sub-IndexSM 
3LSN 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Wheat Sub-IndexSM 
3WHL 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM 
3CRL 
WisdomTree Zinc 3x Daily Leveraged 
The Bloomberg Zinc Sub-IndexSM 
3LZN

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
LICENCES GRANTED TO THE ISSUER 
“Bloomberg®” and “Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM” are trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg 
Finance L.P. and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by the Issuer. Neither Bloomberg nor 
UBS Securities are affiliated with the Issuer and Bloomberg and UBS Securities do not approve, endorse, 
review or recommend the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. Neither Bloomberg nor UBS 
Securities guarantees the timeliness, accuracy or completeness of any data or information relating to 
the Bloomberg Commodity Indices. 
The Issuer has been granted a licence by Bloomberg and UBS Securities to price Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities based on various commodity indices calculated and published by Bloomberg,  in 
conjunction with UBS Securities. All references to indices calculated or published by Bloomberg, in 
conjunction with UBS Securities and in particular the Commodity Indices, are used with the permission 
of Bloomberg and UBS Securities.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
Definitions 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
“Acceptable 
Credit Rating” 
means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from S&P and of 
at least Baa1 from Moody’s 
 
“Administration 
Agreement” 
means  the Administration Agreement  dated  14  December  2012 between 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer providing for certain 
administration and company secretarial services to be provided by R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited to the Issuer 
 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with that person; and for this 
purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of the entity or person 
 
“Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Contracts 
Price” 
means in respect of any day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty the 
aggregate of (i) the sum of the Price on that day of each and every Commodity 
Contract then in existence with that  Commodity Contract Counterparty 
(including Commodity Contracts in respect of which a Creation Notice has been 
given on or prior to that day and which have not been issued or cancelled, but 
excluding Commodity Contracts in respect of which a valid Cancellation Notice 
has been given on or before that day) and (ii) the sum of the Price (as defined 
in the Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement with that Commodity 
Contract Counterparty) of each and every Classic and Longer Dated 
Commodity Contract then in existence with that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty (including Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts in 
respect of which a Creation Notice (as defined in such Classic and Longer 
Dated Facility Agreement) has been given on or prior to that day and which 
have not been issued or cancelled (as defined in such Classic and Longer 
Dated Facility Agreement), but excluding Classic and Longer Dated 
Commodity Contracts in respect of which a valid Cancellation Notice (as 
defined in such Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) has been given 
on or before that day) 
 
“Agreed 
Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(b) 
 
“Agreed 
Redemption 
Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer 
requesting Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using 
Agreed Pricing 
 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
 
“Application” 
means an offer by an Applicant to the Issuer to subscribe for Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, being an offer on terms referred to in an 
Application Form and this document and in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
“Application 
Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of the issue of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
 
“Application 
Form” 
means the application form to be used in connection with the Programme 
 
“Application 
Moneys” 
means, for an Application, all moneys paid or to be paid to or to the order of 
the Issuer by the Applicant in respect of the Application

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
“Authorised 
Participant” 
means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement 
with the Issuer in relation to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
(except in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty which has entered 
into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer) has entered into a 
corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, and which is not an Unacceptable Authorised Participant in 
respect of that Commodity Contract Counterparty provided that no person shall 
be an Authorised Participant unless and until the Security Conditions (if any) 
with respect to the Authorised Participant and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty shall have been satisfied and provided further that a person can 
be an Authorised Participant in respect of one Commodity Contract 
Counterparty but not another 
 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person under 
which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, 
distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities and if such agreement is subject to 
conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied 
 
“Authorised 
Person” 
means a person who is authorised for the purposes of FSMA 
 
“BAC” 
means Bank of America Corporation, a corporation established under the laws 
of the State of Delaware, United States, and whose principal place of business 
is at 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC28255, United States 
 
“BAC Group” 
means BAC and its Affiliates, and includes MLI 
 
“BAC 
Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 29 June 2017 given by BAC to the Issuer in support 
of MLI’s payment obligations under the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI 
Security Agreement and the MLI Control Agreement 
 
“BG 
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Securities, 
the WisdomTree Gas Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Securities, the WisdomTree 
Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Individual Securities and the WisdomTree 
Gas Oil 2x Daily  Leveraged Individual Securities 
 
“BISL” 
means Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
 
“Bloomberg” 
means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the Affiliate of 
either of them 
 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM (formerly known as the Dow Jones 
– UBS Commodity IndexSM), calculated and published by Bloomberg, further 
information on which can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) 
 
“BNYM” or 
“Securities 
Intermediary” 
means the securities intermediary under each Security Agreement and 
includes The Bank of New York Mellon 
 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer 
 
“Business 
Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in both London and New York 
 
“Calculation 
Agency 
Agreement” 
means a person appointed by the Issuer to determine various matters in 
accordance with Condition 14, MLI being the Calculation Agent at the date of 
this prospectus 
 
“Cancellation 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract Counterparty

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Notice” 
pursuant to a Facility Agreement which cancels the equivalent number of 
Commodity Contracts corresponding with the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities referred to in such Cancellation Notice 
“Capital 
Adjustment” 
means an adjustment factor to be included in the calculation of the Price which 
is agreed from time to time by a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the 
Issuer 
 
“Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means agreements entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty and includes the MLI Capital Adjustment Agreement 
and the CGML Capital Adjustment Agreement 
 
“CBOT” 
means Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. 
 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland 
 
“Certificated” or 
“Certificated 
Form” 
means not in Uncertificated Form 
 
“CGMH” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated in 
the State of New York 
 
“CGML” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated and 
registered in England and Wales with number 01763297 whose registered 
office is at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom and includes its successors and assigns 
 
“CGML Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Short  
and  Leveraged  Commodity  Contracts”  dated  29 June 2017 between the 
Issuer and CGML 
 
“CGML Classic 
and Longer 
Dated Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML 
entitled “CGML Facility Agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated 
Commodity Contracts” 
 
“CGML Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into between the 
Issuer, CGML and the Securities Intermediary dated as of 29 June 2017 
 
“CGML Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and 
CGML entitled “CGML Facility Agreement relating to Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Contracts” 
 
“CGML 
Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 29 June 2017 which is in relation to 
and supplements the CGML Facility Agreement and the CGML Classic and 
Longer Dated Facility Agreement 
 
“CIP” 
means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook from time 
to time 
 
“Citigroup 
Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 29 June 2017 given by CGMH to the Issuer in 
support of CGML’s  payment obligations under the  CGML Facility Agreement, 
the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement 
 
“Citigroup 
Group” 
means CGMH and its Affiliates, and includes CGML 
 
“class” 
means a class of Short Commodity Securities or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment, and the 
corresponding class of Commodity Contracts under which any Commodity 
Contract Counterparty’s obligations to make payment, are determined by

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
reference to a particular Commodity Index 
“Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Calculation 
Agency 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “CGML Calculation Agency Agreement relating 
to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 2017 
between the Issuer, MLI and CGML 
 
“Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Commodity 
Contract” 
has the meaning given to “Commodity Contracts” in the conditions of the 
Classic and Longer Dated Securities 
 
“Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Securities” 
means the securities of the Issuer known as Classic and Longer Dated 
Securities constituted by the Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument as 
more fully described in a separate base prospectus of the Issuer dated on or 
around the date of this Prospectus 
 
“Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Trust 
Instrument” 
means the trust instrument between the Issuer and the Trustee dated 21 
September 2006 
 
“CME” 
means Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
 
“CME Group” 
and “CME 
Group Inc.” 
means CME Group Inc., a holding company and the parent of CME, CBOT and 
NYMEX 
 
“CME Indexes” 
means CME Group Index Services LLC 
 
“Collateral” 
means all Posted Collateral as defined in any Security Agreement to the extent 
attributable to the obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under a 
Facility Agreement 
 
“Collateral 
Account” 
means, in relation to any Commodity Contract Counterparty that has entered 
into a Security Agreement, the account established and maintained by the 
respective Securities Intermediary in the Commodity Contract Counterparty’s 
name, in which the Commodity Contract Counterparty shall post Collateral 
pursuant to the terms of such Security Agreement and the relevant Control 
Agreement and which shall include the account so established and maintained 
by The Bank of New York Mellon in MLI’s name and the account so established 
and maintained by The Bank of New York Mellon in CGML’s name 
 
“Collateral 
Account 
Control Event” 
means (i) the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty that was not caused by a breach 
by the Issuer of its obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement or by any 
Authorised Participant under the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
and, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, 
there occurs under the Facility Agreement (or the relevant Classic and Longer 
Dated Facility Agreement) a liquidation of, or an acceleration of, all of the 
obligations of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
relevant Facility Agreement (or the relevant Classic and Longer Dated Facility 
Agreement); (ii) failure by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to 
transfer Collateral to the relevant Collateral Account when due and such failure 
continues for two Business Days; (iii) failure by the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty to comply with or perform any other provisions of or 
obligations under the relevant Security Agreement (other than as set out in (ii)) 
and such failure continues for 30 days after receipt by the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty of notice of such failure; or (iv) the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
due; (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any 
such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (X) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(Y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 60 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed  or  restrained,  in  each  case  within  60  days  
thereafter; (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in clauses (a) to (g) (inclusive) above; or (i) takes any action 
in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, 
any of the foregoing acts 
“Collateral 
Exposure” 
means, in respect of any Valuation Time (as defined in any Security 
Agreement) or other time for which Collateral Exposure is calculated, and save 
in the case of a dispute under the relevant Security Agreement, the sum of the 
price on such date of each and every Commodity Contract in issue as at the 
applicable Valuation Time, which, in the case of the MLI Security Agreement 
and the CGML Security Agreement, shall include both the sum of the price of 
the Commodity Contracts entered into pursuant to the MLI Facility Agreement 
or the CGML Facility Agreement (respectively) and the sum of the price of the 
commodity contracts under the MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility 
Agreement or the CGML Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement 
(respectively) as at the applicable Valuation Time on such date 
 
“COMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned 
subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
 
“Commodity 
Contract” 
means in relation to Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of a particular 
class, a contract between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
created in accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to matching 
rights and obligations to such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Counterparty” 
means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with the Issuer and 
includes MLI and CGML 
 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Termination” 
means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
 
“Commodity 
Index” 
means an Individual Commodity Index or a Composite Commodity Index, as 
appropriate, and “Commodity Indices” means all of them and in relation to a 
class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities (and the corresponding 
class of Commodity Contracts) means the Commodity Index specified in 
relation to such class in the Sixth Schedule (Classes of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument 
 
“Composite 
Commodity 
Index” 
means an index for a group of commodities (which may change from time to 
time with respect to such index), as calculated and published by Bloomberg 
from time to time, more information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
 
A17.2.2.2A

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and “Composite Commodity Indices” 
means all of them 
“Compulsory 
Redemption” 
means a Redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in 
accordance with Condition 8.13 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption 
Date” 
means a date notified in accordance with Conditions 8.1, 8.2, 8.5, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8 
or 8.9 
 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in the form set out in the Second Schedule (The Conditions) to the 
Trust Instrument and as set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities) and references herein to numbered 
Conditions are references to the numbers assigned to the Conditions in Part 7 
(Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
 
“Control 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Security Agreement, the Control Agreement as 
defined in such Security Agreement and includes the MLI Control Agreement 
and the CGML Control Agreement 
 
“Controller” 
means, in relation to any Security Agreement, the Control Agreement as 
defined in such Security Agreement and includes the MLI Control Agreement 
and the CGML Control Agreement 
 
“Controller” 
means a Controller as defined in the Conditions 
 
“Counterparty 
Event of 
Default” 
means: 
(a) the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make a 
payment it is due to make in respect of a Commodity Contract 
Termination in accordance with the relevant Facility Agreement, where 
such failure is not rectified within five Business Days following the day 
on which the Commodity Contract Counterparty receives notice of the 
failure sent by the Issuer, or being in any other breach of the Facility 
Agreement provided that such breach (if capable of being rectified) is 
not rectified within (5) five Business Days of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty receiving written notice from the Issuer of such breach; 
 
(b) any Guarantor failing to pay an amount due under the relevant 
Guarantee, when due; 
 
(c) any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor suffering an 
Insolvency Event; 
 
(d) the expiration or termination of any Guarantee (other than where a 
replacement guarantee (or other form of credit support) acceptable to 
the Issuer and the Trustee in their sole discretion is provided to the 
Issuer in lieu of a Guarantee upon or prior to such expiration or 
termination) or the failing or ceasing of a Guarantee to be in full force 
and effect for the purpose of the relevant Facility Agreement, in each 
case other than in accordance with its terms, prior to the satisfaction 
of all obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
Facility Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and without the 
written consent of the Issuer (and this paragraph (d) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to any replacement guarantee (or other form of credit 
support)); 
 
(e) in the case of MLI, a Counterparty Default (as defined in the MLI 
Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) and, in the case of 
CGML, a Counterparty Default (as defined in the CGML Classic and 
Longer Dated Facility Agreement); or

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(f) the occurrence of certain events of default under the relevant Security 
Agreement being, inter alia, (i) such Commodity Contract Counterparty 
failing to transfer Collateral to the Collateral Account when due and (ii) 
the applicable Security Agreement expiring or terminating or failing or 
ceasing to be in full force and effect prior to the termination of the 
relevant Facility Agreement and the relevant Classic and Longer Dated 
Facility Agreement and the satisfaction of the obligations detailed in 
such Security Agreement;  
 
(g) if notice is given to terminate any Guarantee, such termination to 
become effective less than five days after the date of receipt of the 
notice, other than where prior to the date of the notice a replacement 
guarantee (or other form of credit support) acceptable to the Issuer in 
its sole discretion is provided to the Issuer in lieu of such Guarantee, 
where such notice is given prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty under the Facility Agreement to 
which such Guarantee relates and without the written consent of the 
Issuer (and this paragraph (g) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any 
replacement guarantee (or other form of credit support)) 
“Creation 
Amounts” 
means the amounts due to the Issuer pursuant to a Creation Notice 
 
“Creation 
Limits” 
means the limits under the Facility Agreement on creation of Commodity 
Contracts (and corresponding limits on issue of   Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities), as referred to in Part 4 (Description of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities) under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit” 
 
“Creation 
Notice” 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
pursuant to a Facility Agreement creating the equivalent number of Commodity 
Contracts corresponding with the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
referred to in such Creation Notice 
 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of 
securities in Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited 
 
“Defaulted 
Obligation” 
means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect of 
the Redemption of any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities when due, 
and such failure is not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice requiring 
remedy of the same provided that if the amount paid by a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement in respect of a 
Commodity Contract Termination  as  a  result  of  such  Redemption  is  subject  
to  any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant 
jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having 
power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant 
governmental revenue authority) then in effect, and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty is not obliged under that Facility Agreement to make any 
additional payment in respect of the withholding or deduction and the net 
amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that 
Redemption, that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation 
 
“Designated 
Contract” 
means, for each commodity represented in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 
and for each Individual Commodity Index, the  futures contract series which is 
used for the calculation of those indices, as set out in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family) in Table 2 (Designated Contracts and Designated 
Month Contracts), in the column headed “Designated Contract and (Exchange 
Code)” or, in the case of the Second Month Indices, as described under the 
heading “Second Month Indices” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family)

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
“Designated 
Month 
Contract” 
means a futures contract, being a Designated Contract, for delivery in a 
particular month, which is used for the calculation of the Commodity Indices, 
as set out in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) in Table 2 
(Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), in the column 
headed “Designated Month Contracts” or, in the case of the Second Month 
Indices, as described under the heading “Second Month Indices” in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
 
“Designated 
Settlement 
Period” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Direct 
Agreement” 
means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer 
to become an Authorised Participant 
 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document the 
persons whose names are listed as such in “Directors, Secretary and Advisers” 
below 
 
“Documents” 
means this document, the Trust Instrument, the Security Deeds, all Authorised 
Participant Agreements, all Security Assignments, each Facility Agreement, 
each Security Agreement, each Control Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, 
the Services Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Licence 
Agreement 
 
“Eligible 
Equities” 
in relation to any Security Agreement or Control Agreement has the meaning 
given to that expression in the relevant Security Agreement, being common or 
preferred shares that are constituents of the indices set out in the relevant 
Control Agreement or global depositary receipts whose underlying common or 
preferred shares are constituents of such indices 
 
“Eligible 
Money Market 
Funds” 
means securities in the form of redeemable securities in a pooled investment 
fund representing the security-holder’s proportional interest in the fund’s net 
assets and that are issued and redeemed only on the basis of the market value 
of the fund’s net assets prepared each business day after the security-holder 
makes its investment commitment or redemption request to the fund, if: 
 
(a) the fund’s investments are limited to the following: 
(i) 
securities that are issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed as to 
the timely payment of principal and interest by, the U.S. 
Department of the Treasury, and immediately-available cash 
funds denominated in US Dollars; or 
(ii) securities denominated in a common currency and issued by, or 
fully guaranteed as to the payment of principal and interest by, 
the European Central Bank or an Eligible Sovereign Entity that is 
assigned no higher than a 20% risk weight under the capital rules  
applicable to swap dealers subject to regulation by a prudential 
regulator, and immediately-available cash funds denominated in 
the same currency; and 
 
(b) assets of the fund may not be transferred through securities lending, 
securities borrowing, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase 
agreements, or other means that involve the fund having rights to 
acquire the same or similar assets from the transferee 
 
“Eligible 
Sovereign 
Entity” 
means a national bond or government agency bond issuer which is 
incorporated or established in one of the following countries:  
(a) G10: Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, 
Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, USA; and 
(b) Non-G10: Austria, Australia, Denmark, Finland, Luxembourg, New 
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
“ETFSL” 
means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 88370 
 
“EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
 
“Euronext 
Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
 
“Exchange” 
means CBOT, CME, COMEX, LME, ICE Futures U.S. or NYMEX, as the case 
may be, and “Exchanges” means all of them 
 
“Exchange 
Hours” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Exchange 
Index Value” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Exempt 
Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an 
Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business 
comprising a regulated activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need 
to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of the FSMA or associated 
secondary legislation 
 
“Exposure” 
(i) in respect of any class of Individual Commodity Contract, to the Relevant 
Commodity at any time means an amount equal to the Price of that class of 
Individual Commodity Contract; and (ii) in respect of any class of Index 
Commodity Contract, to any Relevant Commodity at any time means an 
amount equal to the Price of that class of Index Commodity Contract at that 
time multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator is the CIP of the Relevant 
Commodity and the denominator is the sum of the CIPs of each of the Relevant 
Commodities in relation to that class of Index Commodity Contract 
 
“Extraordinary 
Resolution” 
means in respect of one or more classes of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or classes duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions contained in the Trust Instrument 
and carried by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. in number of 
the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll is duly demanded, 
by a majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or 
classes voting on such poll or (b) a resolution in  writing of holders of the Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or classes holding not less 
than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of such class or classes 
 
“Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and different 
Commodity Contract Counterparties providing for the creation and termination 
of Commodity Contracts thereunder including the MLI Facility Agreement and 
the CGML Facility Agreement 
 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom 
 
“FCA 
Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in the 
FCA Handbook 
 
“FCA 
Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance as amended 
 
“Final Terms” 
means a document constituting “final terms” relating to an issue of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities in or substantially in the form annexed hereto 
and for final terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party for use in a

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Europe Economic Area State means final terms within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation and for final terms delivered to the FCA or any other 
party for use in the United Kingdom means final terms within the meaning of 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
“FSMA” 
means Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom 
 
“Full Trading 
Day” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“General 
Trading Day” 
means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to time (and 
meaning as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on which the sum of 
the CIPs for those Index Commodities that are open for trading is greater than 
50 per cent.” where “Index Commodities” has the meaning given to it in the 
Handbook) 
 
“General 
Trading 
Session” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Guarantee” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantee or 
other credit support agreement that may be provided by a guarantor or other 
credit support provider in respect of such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s 
obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the 
Pool and in respect of MLI includes the BAC Guarantee and in respect of 
CGML includes the Citigroup Guarantee. References in this Prospectus to 
‘Guarantees’ are to the BAC Guarantee and the Citigroup Guarantee 
 
“Guarantor” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantor or 
other credit support provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of 
such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant 
Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool 
 
“Handbook” 
means the document entitled “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family” which sets out the methodology for calculation of the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM prepared and as amended from time to time by 
Bloomberg and includes the document entitled “Index Methodology – 
Bloomberg SL Commodity Indices”, a copy of each of which, as at the date of 
this 
Prospectus, 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
following 
address: 
https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices/bloomberg- 
commodity-index-family/ 
 
“Hedging 
Disruption 
Event” 
means an event, circumstance or cause that a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would 
reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on that Commodity 
Contract Counterparty’s ability to hedge its positions in connection with the 
relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the relevant class, 
including, without limitation, any limitation or prohibition associated with 
acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or 
disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with the relevant Facility 
Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case whether due to market 
illiquidity, position limits in respect of any futures contract, illegality, the 
adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory instrument, lack of 
availability of hedging transaction market participants or the occurrence or 
existence of any other circumstance or event 
 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS Holdings 
(Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey, with 
registered number 106817 
 
“holding 
company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 
of the United Kingdom

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
“ICE” 
means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. 
 
“ICE Futures 
U.S.” 
means ICE Futures U.S. (formerly the New York Board of Trade (NYBOT)), a 
subsidiary of ICE 
 
“Index 
Oversight 
Committee” 
means in respect of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM the committee which 
reviews and approves the Handbook and the target composition of the revised 
Index each year, as described in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) under the heading “Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices 
 
“Index 
Securities” 
means Short Index Securities and Leveraged Index Securities 
 
“Index 
Substitution” 
in respect of each class of Second Month Securities, the change of Individual 
Commodity Index as described under the heading “The Index Substitution” in 
Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
 
“Indicative 
Price” 
means the Indicative Price as defined in the Conditions 
 
“Individual 
Commodity 
Index” 
means an index for an individual commodity (as adjusted through the addition 
or removal of other Individual Commodity Indices), as calculated and published 
by Bloomberg, from time to time, more information on which can be found in 
Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and includes a Second 
Month Index and “Individual Commodity Indices” means all of them 
 
“Individual 
Securities” 
means Short Individual Securities and Leveraged Individual Securities  
 
“Insolvency 
Event” 
means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person (1) is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing 
its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(4) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution 
or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official 
management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (7) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (8) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified 
in (1) to (7) (inclusive) above; or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing 
acts 
 
“Intra-day 
Price” 
means at any time (a) between 8.00 a.m. and 2.30 p.m. New York Time on a 
Trading Day in respect of a One Times Short Commodity Contract or a Two 
Times Leveraged Commodity Contract other than a Second Month Security, 
(b) at any time on a Trading Day in respect of a Second Month Security or 
(c) during the General Trading Session in respect of a Trading Day in respect

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
of a Three Times Commodity Contract, the Price, calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5, using as Ii,t the most recent value of the relevant Commodity Index 
published as of such time by Bloomberg provided, that (i) if the Calculation 
Agent reasonably determines that such published value is incorrect, the 
Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Commodity 
Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the futures 
contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which that Commodity Index 
is calculated (in whole or in part), (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that 
as the result of a material trading disruption or anomaly the value of any futures 
contract used in calculating such published value manifestly does not reflect a 
fair market value for that futures contract having regard to the principles in the 
Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3, the Calculation Agent shall 
instead determine fair market values for such futures contracts having regard 
to the principles in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3 and 
calculate a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated using 
such fair market values and (iii) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines 
that a Market Disruption Event has occurred with respect to any applicable 
futures contract, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the 
relevant Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported prices 
for the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market 
Disruption Event and using a fair market value determined in accordance with 
the principles set out in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3 for 
the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event 
and provided further in the case of a Second Month Contract that if at the time 
when the Intra-day Price is determined, there is no real time publication by 
Bloomberg of the value of the relevant Commodity Index, the Calculation Agent 
shall instead use a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated 
using those prices most recently reported on the Relevant Exchange for the 
futures contracts by reference to the prices of which that Commodity Index is 
calculated (in whole or in part) 
“Investment 
Company Act” 
means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the U.S. 
 
“Issuer” 
means WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited (formerly ETFS Commodity 
Securities Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey with 
registered number 90959 
 
“Issuer 
Business Day” 
means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London Business Day   
“Issuer 
Insolvency 
Event” 
means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against it declaring the 
assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) 
(Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any 
other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against 
it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
 
A9.4.3

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) 
(inclusive); or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent 
to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts, provided that no 
action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer 
Insolvency Event save where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of 
clauses (1) to (9) and are taken in respect of security taken over Commodity 
Contracts, a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee 
“Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
“KBOT” 
means the Kansas City Board of Trade 
 
“Lead Future” 
means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect 
thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Lead Future” or “Lead 
Contract” (as defined in the Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index on 
that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity comprised in a Composite 
Commodity Index but which is not the subject of an Individual Commodity Index 
and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Lead Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation 
to that Composite Commodity Index on that Trading Day 
 
“Leverage 
Factor” 
means –1 in respect of One Times Short Commodity Securities of any class, –
3 in respect of Three Times Short Individual Securities of any class, +2 in 
respect of Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class and +3 in 
respect of Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities of any class 
 
“Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities, Two Times Leveraged 
Index Securities and Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
 
“Leveraged 
Index 
Securities” 
means Two Times Leveraged Index Securities 
 
“Leveraged 
Individual 
Securities” 
means Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities and Three Times 
Leveraged Individual Securities 
 
“Licence 
Agreement” 
means the licence agreement dated as of 13 February 2018 between 
Bloomberg Index Services Limited, UBS Securities LLC and ManJer, under 
which Bloomberg and UBS Securities have granted to ManJer and the Issuer 
the right to use and refer to the Bloomberg Commodity Indices, and certain 
intellectual property of Bloomberg and UBS Securities, in relation to (inter alia) 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
 
“Licence 
Allowance” 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to ManJer to be applied in paying 
fees to Bloomberg under the Licence Agreement, as set out in Part 1 (General) 
under “Management Fee and Licence Allowance”, as that amount may be 
adjusted from time to time 
 
“Listing” 
means the admission of a particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to the Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and 
admission of a particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of 
such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one 
such market) becoming effective 
 
“Listing 
means the refusal of the FCA to admit to the UK Official List any Short or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Failure” 
Leveraged Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme 
“Listing Failure 
Date” 
means the day which was or would have been the date on which payment 
would have been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant to the terms of the 
relevant Facility Agreement corresponding to the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities in respect of which a Listing Failure has occurred 
 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA from time to time, made under section 73A 
of the FSMA 
 
“LME” 
means The London Metal Exchange Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates 
 
“London 
Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
the transaction of general business in London 
 
“London Stock 
Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or any of 
such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one 
such market), as the context may require 
 
“Lower Credit” 
has the meaning given under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities” in Part 4 (Description of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
 
“Main Market” 
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
 
“Management 
Fee” 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer in consideration 
for the provision by ManJer of all management and administration services in 
relation to the Programme, as set out in Part 1 (General) under “Management 
Fee and Licence Allowance”, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
 
“ManJer” 
means 
WisdomTree 
Management 
Jersey 
Limited 
(formerly 
ETFS 
Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey on 16 November 2010, with registered number 106921 
 
“Market 
Disruption 
Day” 
means: 
(i) in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a General Trading Day 
which is a Trading Day for that Individual Commodity Index on which 
a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant 
Market on the Relevant Exchange for that Individual Commodity Index; 
(ii) in respect of a Composite Commodity Index, a General Trading Day 
which is a Trading Day in respect of each futures contract by reference 
to the Settlement Price for which that Composite Commodity Index is 
calculated (in whole or in part) but on which a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant 
Exchange for any such futures contract; 
(iii) in respect of a futures contract the Settlement Price for which is 
included in the calculation of a Commodity Index, a General Trading 
Day which is a Trading Day for that futures contract and on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market 
on the Relevant Exchange on which that futures contract is traded; or 
(iv) in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or 
class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities), a Market 
Disruption Day for a futures contract in respect of that  commodity the 
Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of that 
Commodity Index (or the Commodity Index relating to that class of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
 
“Market 
Disruption 
Event” 
means: 
(a) in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index, any of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or  publish 
the relevant Settlement Price(s); or

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(ii) the termination or suspension of, or material limitation or 
disruption in the trading of, any Lead Future or Next Future used 
in the calculation of an Individual Commodity Index; or 
(iii) the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future used in 
the calculation of the Individual Commodity Index reflects the 
maximum permitted price change (as set from time to time by the 
Relevant Exchange for that Lead Future or Next Future) from the 
previous day’s Settlement Price; and 
 
(b) in respect of any Composite Commodity Index means any event 
described in paragraphs (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition in relation to 
any futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of that Composite Commodity Index (and, for such 
purposes, references in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition 
to “any Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of an 
Individual Commodity Index” shall be construed, in relation to a 
commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, as references 
to the Lead Future or Next Future with respect to that commodity the 
Settlement Price of which is used in the calculation of that Composite 
Commodity Index; and 
 
(c) in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or a 
class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities), any event 
described in sub-paragraph (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition in relation 
to the futures contract in respect of that commodity the Settlement 
Price of which is included in the calculation of that Commodity Index 
(or the Commodity Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities) (and, for such purposes, references in sub-  
paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead Future or Next 
Future used in the calculation of an Individual Commodity Index” shall 
be construed, in relation to such commodity, as references to the Lead 
Future or Next Future with respect to that commodity used in the 
calculation of that Composite Commodity Index (or the Commodity 
Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities)), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one 
or more Facility Agreements 
“MiFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive), as amended 
 
“Minimum 
Creation 
Amount” 
means the minimum amount stipulated under the Facility Agreements for 
creation of Commodity Contracts (and the corresponding minima on the issue 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities), as set out under the heading 
“Applications and Redemptions — Application Processes” in Part 4 
(Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
 
“MLI” 
means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales with number 2312079 whose registered office is situated 
at 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, England and includes its 
successors and assignees 
 
“MLI Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer 
and MLI 
 
“MLI Classic 
and Longer 
Dated Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI entitled 
“MLI Facility Agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity 
Contracts 
 
“MLI Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into 
between the Issuer, MLI and the Securities Intermediary dated as of 29 June

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
2017 
“MLI Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the 
Issuer and MLI 
 
“MLI Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 29 June 2017 which is in relation to 
and supplements the MLI Facility Agreement 
 
“month” 
means calendar month 
 
“Moody’s” 
means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof) 
 
“Net 
Exposure” 
in respect of any class of Commodity Contract, to any Relevant Commodity at 
any time means the product of the Exposure to that Relevant Commodity and 
the Leverage Factor applicable to that class 
 
“New York 
Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
the transaction of general business in New York 
 
“Next Future” 
means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect 
thereto, the particular futures contract which is the “Next Future” or “Next 
Contract” (as defined in the Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index on 
that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity comprised in a Composite 
Commodity Index but which is not the subject of an Individual Commodity Index 
and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Next Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation 
to that Composite Commodity Index on that Trading Day 
 
“Notice 
Deadline” 
means, on a General Trading Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such other time 
determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular 
General Trading Day or generally 
 
“NYMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned 
subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
 
“Official List” 
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin. 
 
“One Times 
Short 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“One Times 
Short Index 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“One Times 
Short 
Individual 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
 
 
 
“Out of Hours” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Out of Hours 
Index Value” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“outstanding” 
means in relation to each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, all the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class 
issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an entry in the 
Register other than:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(a) Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which have been redeemed 
and cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and 
(b) Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which have been purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument, 
 
PROVIDED THAT for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting 
of the Security Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust 
Instrument, Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities (if any) which are for the 
time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, (C) ETFSL or a Guarantor, (D) any 
subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, (E) any 
individual Controller of the Issuer or Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by 
any such persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing to 
be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the holders 
of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities shall be deemed not to be 
Security Holders 
“Overseas 
Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in Section 
19 of the FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United 
Kingdom, whose head office is situated outside the United Kingdom and whose 
ordinary business involves carrying on activities of the kind specified by any of 
articles 14, 21, 25, 37, 40, 45, 51, 52 and 53 or, so far as relevant to any of 
those articles, article 64 of the RAO (or would do so apart from any exclusion 
from any of those articles made by the RAO) 
 
“Pool” 
means a separate fund or pool to which Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of a particular class are attributable 
 
“Price” 
means the price determined in accordance with Condition 5 and “Pricing” 
(other than when used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) shall be 
construed accordingly 
 
“Pricing Date” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Pricing Day” 
means: 
(a) for each class of Short or Leveraged Individual Securities, a General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
that is not a Market Disruption Day for that Individual Commodity Index 
(other than a Market Disruption Day for which a substitute value for 
that Individual Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements), 
provided that in the case of a class of Three Times Commodity Security 
or Second Month Security, a Restrike Disruption Day in respect of such 
class shall not be a Pricing Day in respect of such class; 
 
(b) for each class of Short or Leveraged Index Securities, a General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day for each of the futures contracts 
by reference to the Settlement Price for which the Composite 
Commodity Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged Index 
Security is calculated (in whole or in part) that is not a Market 
Disruption Day for any such futures contracts (other than a Market 
Disruption Day for which a substitute value for that Composite 
Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements); 
 
(c) for each futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in 
the calculation of a Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is 
a Trading Day for that futures contract and which is not a Market 
Disruption Day for that futures contract; or 
 
(d) for each commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities), a General Trading Day

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
which is a Trading Day for the futures contract relating to that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation 
of that Commodity Index (or that class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities) and which is not a Market Disruption Day for 
that futures contract 
“Pricing 
Notice” 
means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice 
 
“Principal 
Amount” 
in respect of each Short or Leveraged Commodity Security means the amount 
specified as such in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security 
as set out in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities described in this document 
 
“Prohibited 
Benefit Plan 
Investor” 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the 
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which 
section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) 
applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan 
assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of 
a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is 
subject to any U.S. federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited 
transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person 
who holds Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on behalf of, for the 
benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity 
 
“Prohibited US 
Person” 
means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who holds 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who 
is not a Qualified Purchaser 
 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer 
 
“Prospectus 
Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
 
“Prospectus 
for Classic and 
Longer Dated 
Securities” 
means the prospectus of the Issuer dated on or around the date of this 
Prospectus in relation to the Classic and Longer Dated Securities 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation 
Rules” 
means the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time, made 
under sections 73A and 84 of FSMA 
 
“Qualified 
Purchaser” 
means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment 
Company Act 
 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted from time to time) made 
under the FSMA 
 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed 
accordingly) 
 
“Redemption 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the 
 
AXX(VIII)
.1.1C

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Amount” 
Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, as may be 
reduced for any withholdings or deductions for or on account of tax as set out 
in Condition 9.5 
“Redemption 
Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in accordance with Condition 10 
and on which more information can be found under the heading “Application 
Fees and Redemption Fees” in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities)  
 
“Redemption 
Form” 
means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption 
Form in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance 
with the Conditions, as the case may be 
 
“Redemption 
Limits” 
means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 7.6 and on 
which more information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities) under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — 
Creation Limits and Redemption Limit” 
 
“Redemption 
Payment Date” 
means: 
(a) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement Redemption 
Form, the second London Business Day following such Pricing Date, 
provided that if either that day or the preceding London Business Day 
is not also a New York Business Day then the Redemption Payment 
Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; or 
 
(b) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, 
the London Business Day specified for such payment in that form; 
provided that the date so specified shall be not earlier than one London 
Business Day following the day upon which that form was deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer; or 
 
(c) in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure, the 
second London Business Day following the relevant Listing Failure 
Date; provided that if either that day or the preceding London Business 
Day is not also a New York Business Day then the Redemption 
Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that 
would have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso, 
or such other Business Day as may be agreed by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant who 
submitted the relevant Redemption Form; or 
 
(d) in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date, the London Business Day which is the second 
London Business Day following such last Pricing Day, provided that if 
either that day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a 
New York Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall be 
on the Business Day next following the day that would have been the 
Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso 
 
“Registers” 
means the registers of Security Holders of each class kept and maintained by 
the Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly 
 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person 
as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers 
 
“Registrar 
Agreement” 
means the registrar agreement dated 14 December 2012 between the 
Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee 
 
“Regulated 
Market” 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
“Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 
1999 including any modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution 
therefor made and for the time being in force which, inter alia, enable title to 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by 
a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument 
 
“Relevant 
Commodities” 
means in respect of any class of Index Commodity Contracts the commodities 
the Settlement Prices of futures contracts relating to which are included in the 
calculation of the Composite Commodity Index relating to that class of Index 
Commodity Contracts and “Relevant Commodity” means (i) in respect of any 
class of Index Commodity Contracts any of the Relevant Commodities; and (ii) 
in respect of any class of Individual Commodity Contracts means the 
commodity the Settlement Price(s) of futures contract(s) relating to which are 
included in the calculation of the Individual Commodity Index relating to that 
class of Individual Commodity Contracts 
 
“Relevant 
Exchange” 
means: 
(a) for each Individual Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which 
is traded the futures contract by reference to the prices of which that 
Individual Commodity Index is calculated; 
 
(b) in relation to a commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity 
Index, the futures exchange on which is traded the futures contract for 
that commodity the Settlement Price of which is included in the 
calculation of that Composite Commodity Index; and 
 
(c) in relation to a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is 
included in the calculation of a Commodity Index, the futures exchange 
on which that futures contract is traded 
 
“Relevant 
Market” 
means (a) in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the market conducted 
on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts by reference to which the 
Individual Commodity Index is calculated and (b) in relation to a commodity 
comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, the market conducted on the 
Relevant Exchange for the futures contract for that commodity the Settlement 
Price of which is included in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index 
 
“Required 
Security 
Document” 
means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty requires the Issuer to execute over the Property to be Assigned 
(as defined in the conditions) in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty as security for the Secured Obligations (which may include, but 
shall not be limited to, a Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction 
of incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or proposed Authorised 
Participant) or of the branch through which such person is acting for the 
purposes of such Authorised Participant Agreement (as the case may be) 
 
“Restrike 
Cost” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Restrike Day” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Restrike 
Disruption 
Day” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Restrike 
Event” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Restrike Index 
Value” 
has the meaning given in the Conditions 
 
“Restrike Index 
has the meaning given in the Conditions

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Value 
Determination 
Window” 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the 
Listing Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
 
“Roll Period” 
means the dates on which for the purposes of calculating the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM and related indices the futures contracts used are “rolled” 
from the Lead Future to the Next Future in accordance with the Handbook, 
normally being in respect of a month each of the sixth to tenth (inclusive) 
General Trading Days of that month 
 
“S&P” 
means S&P Global Ratings (formerly known as Standard & Poor’s Rating 
Services), a division of S&P Global, Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof) 
 
“Second Month 
Index”  
means in respect of each class of Second Month Securities the commodity 
index substituted for the Individual Commodity Index previously applicable to 
that class pursuant to the Index Substitution  
 
 
“Second Month 
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Individual 
Securities, the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Securities, 
the WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged Individual Securities, the 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short Individual Securities, the WisdomTree 
Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Individual Securities and the WisdomTree 
Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Securities 
 
“Secured 
Obligations” 
means: 
(a) all present and future obligations (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
are all limited recourse obligations) of the Issuer to the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty on account of Creation Amounts 
and interest thereon; and 
 
(b) all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and expenses 
sustained, suffered or incurred by the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty arising out of or in connection with any act, matter or 
thing done or omitted to be done by the Issuer under the Facility 
Agreement or the Security Assignment or any other security document 
required under the Facility Agreement 
 
“Secured 
Property” 
means in respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class, all 
rights of the Issuer under the corresponding Facility Agreement(s), Security 
Agreement(s), Control Agreement(s), Commodity Contracts and any 
Guarantee to the extent that they apply to payments due in respect of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and all 
rights of the Issuer to the Collateral, and which are subject to the security 
created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the applicable Security Deed 
 
“Securities 
Act” 
means the Securities Act of 1933 of the U.S. 
 
“Security” 
means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the applicable 
Security Deed 
 
“Security 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement supplemental to that 
Facility Agreement, such security agreement and includes the CGML Security 
Agreement and the MLI Security Agreement 
 
“Security 
Assignment” 
means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and 
each Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment pertaining to

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
that Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies in relation to that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty entered into between the Issuer and the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and securing the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer to that Commodity Contract Counterparty 
“Security 
Conditions” 
means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, that (a) each Required Security Document 
with respect to the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Commodity 
Contract Counterparty has been duly executed by the Issuer, (b) notice (duly 
executed by the Issuer) of each such Required Security Document has been 
duly given by the Issuer to such proposed Authorised Participant and (c) such 
proposed Authorised Participant has executed an acknowledgement of such 
notice in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
 
“Security 
Deed” 
means in respect of each Pool and the corresponding class of 
Commodity Contracts, the security deed entered into between the Issuer and 
the Trustee pertaining to that Pool 
 
“Security 
Holder” 
means a registered holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities 
 
“Services 
Agreement” 
means the Services Agreement dated 14 December 2012 between ManJer 
and the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by ManJer to the 
Issuer 
 
“Settlement 
Price” 
means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded on a 
Relevant Exchange, the official settlement price of the Relevant Exchange for 
such day in relation to such futures contract as determined in accordance with 
the regulations of the Relevant Exchange 
 
“Settlement 
Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(a) 
 
“Settlement 
Redemption 
Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using 
Settlement Pricing 
 
“Short and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Short and Leveraged Index Securities and Short and Leveraged 
Individual Securities and “Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities” 
means any of them 
 
“Short and 
Leveraged 
Index 
Securities” 
means Short Index Securities and Leveraged Index Securities and “Short or 
Leveraged Index Securities” means any of them 
 
“Short and 
Leveraged 
Individual 
Securities” 
means Short Individual Securities and Leveraged Individual Securities and 
“Short or Leveraged Individual Securities” means any of them 
 
“Short 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means One Times Short Index Securities, One Times Short Individual 
Securities and Three Times Short Individual Securities 
 
 
 
“Short Index 
Securities” 
means One Times Short Index Securities 
 
“Short 
Individual 
Securities” 
means One Times Short Individual Securities and Three Times Short Individual 
Securities

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
“Spread” 
means the Spread agreed between the Issuer and each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty for the purposes of the relevant Capital Adjustment Agreement 
(initially agreed to be 0.85 per cent. per annum in respect of the One Times 
Short Commodity Securities, 1.90 per cent. per annum in respect of the Three 
Times Short Individual Securities, 1.30 per cent. per annum in respect of the 
Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and 1.60 per cent. per annum in 
respect of the Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities) 
 
“subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 
 
“System” 
means the system implemented by the Issuer for requesting the issue and 
redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the creation 
and cancellation of Commodity Contracts via the secure website maintained 
by the Issuer for such purpose as described under the heading “Applications 
and Redemptions – The System” in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities) 
 
“tax” 
means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and 
services tax, withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration and other 
duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, 
levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties and charges imposed or levied 
by a government or government agency 
 
“terminate” 
in relation to a Commodity Contract means ‘terminate’ or ‘close out’ the 
obligations established by such Commodity Contract 
 
“Three Times 
Commodity 
Security” 
means a Three Times Short Individual Security or a Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Security 
 
“Three Times 
Leveraged 
Individual 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Three Times 
Short 
Individual 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Trading Day” 
means: 
(a) for an Individual Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant 
Exchange for that Individual Commodity Index is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Relevant 
Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
 
(b) for a Composite Commodity Index a day on which all the Relevant 
Exchanges for each commodity comprised in that Composite 
Commodity Index are open for trading during their regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any of such Relevant Exchanges closing 
prior to their scheduled closing time; 
 
(c) for a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included in the 
calculation of a Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant 
Exchange for that futures contract is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Relevant Exchange closing prior 
to its scheduled closing time; or 
 
(d) for a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities), a Trading Day (pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (c) above) for a futures contract in respect of that 
commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
of that Commodity Index (or the Commodity Index relating to that class 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
“Transparency 
Directive” 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
 
“Transparency 
Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the FCA from time to 
time, made under section 73A of the FSMA 
 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Eighth Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, England and any replacement trustee under 
the Trust Instrument 
 
“Trust 
Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 8 February 2008, between the 
Issuer and the Trustee constituting Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
and includes the schedules thereto and the Conditions 
 
“Two Times 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities and Two Times Leveraged 
Index Securities 
 
“Two Times 
Leveraged 
Index Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“Two Times 
Leveraged 
Individual 
Security” 
means a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a class specified as such 
in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
 
“UBS Group” 
means UBS AG and its Affiliates, and includes UBS Securities 
 
“UBS 
Securities” 
means UBS Securities LLC, a corporation incorporated in Delaware, United 
States whose principal office is situated at 299 Park Avenue, New York, NY 
10171, U.S.A 
 
“UCITS 
Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” contained 
in the FCA Glossary 
 
“UK Listing 
Authority” 
means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes of 
Part VI of the FSMA 
 
“UK Official 
List”     
means the official list maintained by the FCA for the purposes of Part VI of 
FSMA 
 
"UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
 
“Unacceptable 
Authorised 
Participant” 
means an Authorised Participant (a) in respect of which the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice under 
the relevant Facility Agreement that the Authorised Participant has ceased to 
be acceptable to such Commodity Contract Counterparty or (b) which is an 
“Unacceptable Authorised Participant” (as defined in the Classic and Longer 
Dated Facility Agreement) for the purposes of the Classic and Longer Dated 
Facility Agreement 
 
“Uncertificated 
Form” 
means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
“United 
Kingdom” or 
“UK” 
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
 
“United States” 
or “U.S.” or 
“U.S.A.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state 
of the United States and the District of Columbia 
 
“US Dollars” or 
“US$” 
means the lawful currency of the United States 
 
“US Person” 
means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
 
“VAT” 
means value added tax 
 
“Website” 
means the 
website of 
Bloomberg 
at 
http://www.bloombergindexes.com/ 
 
“WisdomTree 
Short and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” and 
“Short and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Short Commodity Securities and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
“WisdomTree Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities” or “Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities” means any of them 
 
 
References in this document to a particular time are references to the time applicable in London, United 
Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such 
legislation as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of 
the United Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other 
applicable UK legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 
46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be 
construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation. Any references to the Prospectus Directive in 
this Prospectus are, therefore, to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and any 
reference to any particular provision of the Prospectus Directive is to be construed accordingly. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or document 
includes a reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in 
this document to any statute or any provision of any statute includes a reference to any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder 
or under any such modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
Directors of the Issuer 
Stuart Bell 
 
Christopher Foulds 
 
Steven Ross 
 
 
Peter M. Ziemba 
 
All the Directors are non-executive.  
Secretary of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Corporate administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
of the Issuer 
Registered office of the 
Issuer and address of 
directors, secretary and 
The address of all the Directors and of the secretary of the Issuer 
is the registered office of the Issuer, which is: 
corporate administrator of 
Ordnance House 
the Issuer 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
https://www.wisdomtree.com 
Management and administrative WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
service provider 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London 
EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom  
Securities Intermediary 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Wall Street 
New York 
New York 
10286 
United States of America 
English Legal Advisers to the     W Legal Limited 
Issuer 
 
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
English Tax Legal Advisers 
Dechert LLP 
to the Issuer 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4QQ 
United Kingdom 
A9.4.5 
A9.6.1 
A14.1.1 
A9.4.5 
 
A9.6.1 
 
A14.7.1

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the 
Mourant Ozannes 
Issuer 
22 Grenville Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX 
Channel Islands 
English Legal Advisers to the 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Trustee 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the 
Ogier 
Trustee 
Ogier House 
The Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
Austrian Legal Advisers 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
to the Issuer 
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
Belgian Legal Advisers 
Janson Baugniet 
to the Issuer 
Chaussée de la Hulpe 
1170 Brussels 
Belgium 
Danish Legal Advisers 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm P/S 
to the Issuer 
Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
Dutch Legal Advisers 
Stibbe N.V. 
to the Issuer 
Beethovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Finnish Legal Advisers 
Dittmar & Indrenius 
to the Issuer 
Pohjoisesplanadi 25 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
French Legal Advisers 
Dechert LLP 
to the Issuer 
32 Rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
German Legal Advisers to the 
Dechert LLP 
Issuer 
Skygarden 
Erika-Mann-Straße 5 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
German Listing and Paying 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Agent 
Königsallee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
A14.7.1

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Irish Legal Advisers 
A&L Goodbody 
to the Issuer 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Italian Legal Advisers to the 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Issuer 
Galleria San Carlo 6 
20122 Milano 
Italy 
Norwegian Legal Advisers 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS 
to the Issuer 
Dokkveien 1 
PO Box 1400 Vika 
No-0115 Oslo 
Norway 
Spanish Legal Advisers 
Cuatrecasas, Gonçalves Pereira 
to the Issuer 
C/Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid 
Spain 
Swedish Legal Advisers 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB 
to the Issuer 
Hamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands 
A14.4.3(b)C 
 
A9.2.1

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the FCA, are incorporated 
into 
this 
document 
by 
reference 
and 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey 
Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed below are entitled ‘WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
Ltd – Annual Account 2019’ and ‘WisdomTree Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2020’) and 
at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information): 
1. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 
as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange 
on 15 May 2020; and 
2. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 
as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange 
on 30 April 2021. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of 
any websites or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
The sections of the documents listed above which are not incorporated by reference are either not 
relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Emphasis of Matter in 2019 Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer notes that the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the “2019 Issuer Accounts”) are incorporated into the Prospectus by reference.  In 
the 2019 Issuer Accounts, the Auditors of the Issuer included an emphasis of matter.  The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is as follows:  
‘We draw attention to Note 2, Note 12(f)(i) and Note 14 of the financial statements, which 
describes the economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 
which is impacting financial markets and creating greater volatility in commodity prices. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’ 
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Issuer Accounts are summarised, 
below.  The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Issuer 
Accounts. 
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Commodity Securities fluctuates according to the 
performance of the underlying commodity index and the risk of such change in price is managed by the 
Issuer by entering into Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparties which match 
the liability. The Issuer therefore bears no financial risk from a change in the price of a commodity, 
commodity index or currency by reference to the futures price. However there is an inherent risk from 
the point of view of investors as the price of commodities, and thus the value of the Commodity 
Securities, may vary widely due to, amongst other things, changing supply or demand, government and 
monetary policy or intervention and global or regional political, economic or financial events.   
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and 
supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations 
from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural 
and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people. 
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined 
above, and public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of commodities and hence the 
prices of the Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature. 
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
which is fluid and rapidly changing. 
A9.8.2 
A14.7.2 
A9.9.1

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
The market price of Commodity Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Commodity Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers 
are willing to quote.  
Following an analysis of the potential impact of the price of Crude Oil WTI futures, the Issuer decided 
that a significant increase in the number of relevant Commodity Securities in issue may impact on the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties’ ability to hedge the exposure under the relevant Commodity 
Contracts in these particularly volatile markets. Having regard to the interests of existing Security 
Holders in the relevant Commodity Securities, rather than potential future Security Holders, a decision 
was made to focus the attention of the Commodity Contract Counterparties on providing (and hedging) 
the current exposures rather than taking on additional exposures during this volatile period.  
As a result, on 24 April 2020 the Issuer released an announcement to the Stock Exchanges that with 
effect from 2.30pm (London time) the Issuer would temporarily no longer accept applications from 
Authorised Participants for new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the following classes: 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged (Ticker: LOIL, ISIN: JE00BDD9Q840); and 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short (Ticker: SOIL, ISIN: JE00B24DK975). 
The Issuer released a further announcement on 3 September to the Stock Exchanges that the Issuer 
was accepting applications from Authorised Participants for new Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of the above mentioned classes.  
On 30 April 2020 the Company released a further announcement to the Stock Exchanges that with effect 
from 2.30pm (London) the Company would temporarily no longer accept applications from Authorised 
Participants for new Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Securities of the following class: 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil (Ticker: CRUD, ISIN GB00B15KXV33). 
The Issuer released a further announcement on 1 July to the Stock Exchanges that the Issuer was 
accepting applications from Authorised Participants for new Classic and Longer Dated Commodity 
Securities of the above mentioned class.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has created and is currently making available for issue 120 different classes of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, of four different kinds: 
• 
One Times Short Commodity Securities, which (before fees and adjustments and in the absence 
of Market Disruption Events and, in the case of Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) move 
daily in the inverse (opposite) direction to a Commodity Index (by minus one times the daily 
percentage change in the level of that Commodity Index); 
• 
Three Times Short Individual Securities, which give an exposure (before fees and adjustments 
and in the absence of Market Disruption Events and Restrike Events) to minus three times the daily 
percentage change in the level of a Commodity Index; 
• 
Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities, which give an exposure (before fees and 
adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption Events and, in the case of Second Month 
Securities, Restrike Events) to twice the daily percentage change in the level of a Commodity 
Index; and 
• 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities, which give an exposure (before fees and 
adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption Events and Restrike Events) to three times 
the daily percentage change in the level of a Commodity Index. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities give investors the following: 
• 
exposure to the movement in prices of individual commodities or groups of commodities, using 
the particular futures market contracts and roll periods determined by one of the world’s leading 
providers of commodity indices; 
• 
exposure to daily changes in the level of excess return indices which include exposure to (i) 
movements in commodity prices (“spot price” return) and (ii) the effect of backwardation or 
contango (“roll yield” in the relevant futures market when the relevant index rolls); 
• 
in the case of Short Commodity Securities, exposure which is negative and which is (before fees 
and adjustments and in the absence of Market Disruption Events and (in the case of Three Times 
Short/Leveraged Individual Securities and Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) one times 
or three times short the daily changes in the level of a Commodity Index, such that if the level of 
the Commodity Index falls the effect will be a positive effect on the Price of a One Times Short 
Commodity Security or Three Times Short Individual Security (and vice versa); 
• 
in the case of Leveraged Commodity Securities exposure which is (before fees and adjustments 
and in the absence of Market Disruption Events and, (in the case of Three Times Short/Leveraged 
Individual Securities and Second Month Securities, Restrike Events) two times or three times 
leveraged with respect to the daily changes of the underlying Commodity Index and which changes 
directly with changes in the level of a Commodity Index such that if the level of the Commodity Index 
falls the effect will be a negative effect on the Price of a Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security 
or a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security (and vice versa); 
• 
plus a collateral yield, i.e. a return equivalent to an interest return on the value invested in that 
class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security; 
• 
less a deduction for applicable fees; 
• 
pricing which is transparent, based on indices published at the end of each Business Day (and 
which in turn are based on end-of-day Settlement Prices for designated futures contracts on 
specified futures exchanges); and 
• 
leveraged and/or short exposure simply by purchasing securities traded on the London Stock 
Exchange or certain other stock exchanges without the need for borrowing or margin lending. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities confer no right to receive physical commodities. Rather, 
they are purely financial instruments. 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A19.3.1

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The pricing of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be based on Individual Commodity 
Indices and Composite Commodity Indices. 
The Price of each Short and Leveraged Commodity Security will be adjusted daily by reference to the 
percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index. The Price of a Short Commodity Security will be 
adjusted by minus one times (–1x) or minus three times (–3x) the percentage change in the relevant 
Commodity Index and the Price of a Leveraged Commodity Security will be adjusted by two times (+2x) 
or three times (+3x) the percentage change in the relevant Commodity Index. The minus one times (–1x), 
minus three times (–3x), two times (+2x) and three times (+3x) are referred to as “Leverage Factors”. 
The following table shows, in each box, the different classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
that are currently available for issue. The table also shows the individual commodities included in each 
class of Index Securities. 
Table 1 — Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities Available for Issue 
  Securities 
 Index Securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cocoa* 
Lead* 
Platinum* 
Tin* 
* Short Individual Securities and Leveraged Individual Securities of these classes are not currently available for issue. 
 
Pricing and Trading of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
The Price for the first Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of any particular class to be issued  
(including of any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities not specifically described in this Prospectus) 
will be $50.00. Thereafter the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated daily 
to reflect the daily movement in the relevant Commodity Index on each Pricing Day and a daily Capital 
Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). 
Silver 
Gold 
Lean Hogs 
Live Cattle 
Soybean Meal 
Soybean Oil 
Softs 
Grains 
Agriculture 
Livestock 
Precious 
Metals 
Industrial 
Metals 
Broad 
Commodities 
Ex-Energy 
Petroleum 
Broad 
Commodities 
Ex-Agriculture 
& Livestock† 
Energy 
Broad Commodities 
Natural Gas 
WTI Crude Oil 
Brent Crude 
Unleaded Gasoline 
Heating Oil 
Gas Oil 
Aluminium 
Copper 
Zinc 
Nickel 
Wheat 
Kansas Wheat 
Corn 
Soybeans 
Sugar 
Cotton 
Coffee 
A14.6.4 
 
A19.3.1 
 
A17.2.1.1 
A17.2.1.4(c)B 
A14.5.3.1(b)B

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
No Price will be calculated for a class of Short or Leveraged Index Security for a Market Disruption Day 
or in certain other circumstances as specified in the Conditions and on any day when, in accordance 
with the Conditions, a Price is not calculated, the Conditions provide for an Indicative Price to be 
calculated instead, and once a Price can again be calculated it will be based on the preceding day’s 
Indicative Price. 
In the case of an extreme fall in the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security, the relevant 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Security could be Compulsorily Redeemed if (i) the Intra-day Price falls 
to or below zero or (ii) the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls below 2.5 times the 
Principal Amount and the Issuer has not obtained the sanction of Security Holders of the relevant class 
to reduce the Principal Amount by Extraordinary Resolution. 
In the case of the Three Times Commodity Securities, a Restrike Event will occur if the value of the 
relevant Commodity Index falls by 25 per cent. over the course of a day (in the case of Three Times 
Leveraged Individual Securities) or rises by 25 per cent. over the course of a day (in the case of Three 
Times Short Individual Securities) within a trading day from the last closing price or Restrike Index Value, 
as applicable. Following the occurrence of a Restrike Event, a Restrike Index Value will be determined 
in order to provide a further level of the Commodity Index for the purpose of calculating the Price on 
such day. 
In the case of the Second Month Securities, a Restrike Event will occur if within a trading day the relevant 
Commodity Index either (i) falls by 35 per cent. in the case of Second Month Securities which are 
Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 70 per cent. in the case of Second Month Securities 
which are Short Individual Securities, in both cases with reference to the last closing price or Restrike 
Index Value, as applicable.  Following the occurrence of a Restrike Event, a Restrike Index Value will 
be determined in order to provide a further level of the Commodity Index for the purpose of calculating 
the Price on such day. 
Further information on the pricing of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is set out in Part 4 
(Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) and worked examples are provided in Part 2 
(How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?) 
 
Publication of Pricing Information 
The Price and Capital Adjustments (and where applicable Indicative Prices) for all classes of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, will be calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer as at the end of each 
Pricing Day. 
The Issuer’s calculations of the Capital Adjustments and all Prices or, where applicable, Indicative Prices, 
will be posted on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
 
Listing and Trading 
The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors 
should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities there. 
The Issuer has also applied to the FCA for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be issued 
within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London 
Stock Exchange for certain classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be admitted to 
trading on its Main Market. However, an active secondary market on the Main Market may not develop 
in respect of all types of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. Investors should be aware that 
such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market are not offers made under the 
Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to trading for the 
purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities traded on the London Stock Exchange may 
have different market makers, bid/offer spreads and depth of liquidity and may be traded using different 
platforms. The Issuer hopes that some of the more liquid Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
will be traded on the Sets-MM platform but can give no assurance as to which Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities might attract the most and the least amount of trading activity. 
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
London Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com. 
Certain types of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are also listed and/or traded on certain 
other markets, see Part 6 (The Programme). 
 
Commodity Contracts and Facility Agreements 
To gain exposure to the percentage change of the underlying Commodities Indices and to match the 
liability of the Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, 
corresponding Commodity Contracts will be created or terminated by the Issuer under a Facility 
Agreement. 
All Commodity Contracts of a particular class will be attributable to the same Pool as the existing 
Commodity Contracts of that class and newly issued Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be 
backed by the same assets (including the newly created and existing Commodity Contracts of that class) 
as the existing Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class. 
The Issuer has entered into a Facility Agreement with MLI and a Facility Agreement with CGML (MLI 
and CGML respectively as the counterparty to the Commodity Contracts). The Issuer has also entered 
into Security Agreements with MLI and CGML and Control Agreements with MLI and The Bank of New 
York Mellon (as Securities Intermediary) and with CGML and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Securities 
Intermediary), the terms of which are described below. Information relating to MLI and CGML is set out 
in Part 11 (Particulars of the Commodity Contract Counterparties). 
Under the terms of the Facility Agreements, the Issuer can create and terminate Commodity Contracts 
on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limit (and days not being 
Market Disruption Days) and certain other conditions. Further information on the Creation Limits and the 
Redemption Limit is set out in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) under 
the heading “Applications and Redemptions – Creation Limits and Redemption Limit”. 
The Issuer is only permitted to issue new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities if it can create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
Further information on Commodity Contracts, the Facility Agreements, the Security Agreements and the 
Control Agreements are set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are obliged to provide Collateral to the Issuer to support their 
obligations under the Commodity Contracts. The collateral is held in accounts in the names of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties at The Bank of New York Mellon. A description of the arrangements 
for the provision of Collateral by each Commodity Contract Counterparty under its respective Security 
Agreement and Control Agreement is set out under the heading “Security Agreements and Control 
Agreements – Provision of Collateral by the Commodity Contract Counterparties” in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The payment obligations of MLI under its Facility Agreement are also supported by a guarantee from 
Bank of America Corporation and the payment obligations of CGML under its Facility Agreement are 
also supported by a guarantee from CGMH. Descriptions of the BAC Guarantee and the Citigroup 
Guarantee are set out under the headings “BAC Guarantee” and “Citigroup Guarantee” respectively in 
Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The Funding Rate and Default Rate (as used in the Conditions and the Facility Agreements) refer to a rate 
of interest calculated by reference to LIBOR.  ICE Benchmark Administration has announced that it intends 
to cease providing LIBOR settings for all currencies and the Issuer is in discussions with the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties and the Trustee with a view to amending the definitions of Funding Rate and 
Default Rate in the Conditions and the Facility Agreements to make alternative provision.  The Issuer will 
announce the terms of the amendments made to the Conditions and Facility Agreements through an RIS 
in due course.  
 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of 
the Trust Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each class of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.3.4.1(a)A 
 
A19.2.4 
 
A19.2.2.2(a)
C

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
be secured by a charge over the equivalent class of Commodity Contracts held by the Issuer and over 
the rights of the Issuer in respect of those Commodity Contracts under the Facility Agreements, the 
Security Agreements and the Control Agreements.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure relating to the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities as currently in place appears below (for simplicity, only one Commodity 
Contract Counterparty and Collateral Account are illustrated and the BAC Guarantee and Citigroup 
Guarantee are omitted). The principal aspects of the structure are the same whether the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty is MLI or CGML: 
 
Agreements 
Fund Flows 
       
Collateral Flows 
  
 
 
Creation and redemption 
payments 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities as represented by the above diagram. 
Most Security Holders will buy or sell their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities for cash on the 
London Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana, Euronext Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(being the stock exchanges on which Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading) 
rather than directly from the Issuer. Details of the exchanges on which a particular class of security can 
be traded are set out in the applicable Final Terms. Market makers provide liquidity on those stock 
exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as Authorised Participant 
Agreements) with certain financial institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby it has agreed to issue 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to those Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. 
Further details about the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading “Authorised 
Participant Agreements” in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The creation of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be settled on a delivery versus 
payment basis in CREST whereby an Authorised Participant will deliver an amount of cash to the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty equal to the Price of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
to be issued, in exchange for which the Issuer will issue Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
deliver them to the Authorised Participant via CREST. Further details about the settlement of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities can be found under the heading “Settlement” in Part 6 (The 
Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on a stock 
exchange, sell the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in off-exchange transactions (known as 
“OTC” or “over-the-counter” transactions) or keep the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
hold themselves. The creation process is described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities). Each time Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued 
the Issuer will create corresponding Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the number of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of the relevant class issued. 
If an Authorised Participant requests the redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, they 
must return those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities into CREST and in return will receive from 
Trust Instrument 
Security Deed 
Short 
and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities 
Control 
Agreement 
 
Facility 
Commodity 
Market-making 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreements 
Agreement Contracts 
and 
Security 
Agreement 
Collateral 
Securities Intermediary 
Issuer 
Security Holders 
ManJer 
 
Authorised Participants 
Collateral Account 
Trustee 
A19.3.1

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty an amount of cash equal to the Price (or, if higher, the Principal 
Amount) of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be redeemed less any applicable 
redemption fee in respect of those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The redemption process 
is described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
This flow of funds can be demonstrated using the following simple examples: 
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
A number of Leveraged Commodity Securities of a particular class with an aggregate Price of $100,000 
is created and issued to an Authorised Participant on a particular day. As a result the following steps will 
be taken: 
1. 
The Issuer creates corresponding Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in respect of the Leveraged Commodity Securities issued; 
2. 
In return for those Leveraged Commodity Securities, the Authorised Participant delivers $100,000 
through CREST to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
3. 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement, the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty deposits Collateral with a value of $100,000 to the Collateral Account. 
The following business day (Day 2): 
1. 
the value of the index had increased; 
2. 
the value of the Commodity Contracts created by the Issuer with the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty had increased by $10,000; and 
3. 
no creations and redemptions were settled on Day 2, 
then, on the next following business day (Day 3), pursuant to the Security Agreement and the Control 
Agreement, the Commodity Contract Counterparty deposits Collateral to ensure that the value of total 
Collateral in the Collateral Account is $110,000. 
The following day (i) the Authorised Participant requests redemption of $50,000 worth of the Leveraged 
Commodity Securities; (ii) no new creation requests are received and due for settlement that day; and 
(iii) the value of the Commodity Contracts has not changed. As a result the following steps will be taken: 
1. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty delivers $50,000 through CREST to the Authorised 
Participant; and 
2. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty withdraws from its Collateral Account Collateral with a 
value of $60,000. 
 
Short Commodity Securities 
A number of Short Commodity Securities of a particular class with an aggregate Price of $100,000 is 
created and issued to an Authorised Participant on a particular day. As a result the following steps will 
be taken: 
1. 
The Issuer creates corresponding Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in respect of the Short Commodity Securities issued; 
2. 
In return for those Short Commodity Securities, the Authorised Participant delivers $100,000 
through CREST to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
3. 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement, the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty deposits Collateral with a value of $100,000 to the Collateral Account. 
The following business day (Day 2): 
1. 
the value of the index has increased; 
2. 
the value of the Commodity Contracts created by the Issuer with the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has decreased by $10,000; and

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
3. 
no creations and redemptions were settled on Day 2, 
then, on the next following business day (Day 3), pursuant to the Security Agreement and the Control 
Agreement, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may withdraw Collateral with a value of $10,000 from 
the Collateral Account. 
The following day (i) the Authorised Participant requests redemption of $50,000 worth of the Short 
Commodity Securities; (ii) no new creation requests are received and due for settlement that day; and 
(iii) the value of the Commodity Contracts has not changed. As a result the following steps will be taken: 
1. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty delivers $50,000 through CREST to the Authorised 
Participant; and 
2. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty withdraws from its Collateral Account Collateral with a 
value of $50,000. 
If Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, they must generally sell them either on one of the stock exchanges 
on which the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are admitted to trading or in a private 
transaction. Such sale would typically be for cash. Generally Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
will only be issued to Authorised Participants and Authorised Participants only will be able to require 
redemption of them. In each case this will be done in return for delivery of cash. In circumstances where 
there are no Authorised Participants or as the Issuer may in its sole discretion determine, Security Holders 
who are not Authorised Participants may require redemption of their securities directly with the Issuer. In 
this case, the Issuer will cancel a number of Commodity Contracts of the relevant class equal in number 
to the number of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities being redeemed and use the cash proceeds 
of such cancellation to pay redemption proceeds to redeeming Security Holders. 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities can be issued or redeemed at any time, subject to conditions 
(including not exceeding the Creation Limits and Redemption Limits), by Authorised Participants. The 
issue and redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
have sufficient liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the London Stock Exchange tracks the 
relevant Price formula. Only an Authorised Participant may apply for or (unless there are at any given 
time no Authorised Participants or as otherwise announced by the Issuer) redeem Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities — all other persons must buy and sell Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
through trading on the London Stock Exchange or other exchanges on which the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities can only be issued or redeemed if corresponding Commodity 
Contracts can be created or terminated. There are limits on the creation and termination of Commodity 
Contracts, which means that there are corresponding limits on the issue and redemption of Commodity 
Securities. 
Further information in relation to Applications and Redemptions and the Creation Limits and Redemption 
Limit is set out under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the payment obligations of the Issuer to 
Security Holders upon redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets 
so that the Issuer can issue separate classes of securities, based on different prices or having some 
other different characteristics, but on terms that holders of any particular class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will only have recourse to the assets attributable to that class and not to the assets 
attributable to any other class. The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will represent the Pool for that class. 
Thus there are 120 separate Pools applicable to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. A single 
Pool secures all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of a single class.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument. The Trustee 
holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a separate Security Deed in respect of each 
Pool. The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under each Security Deed are held by the Trustee 
on trust for the Security Holders of that particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security. 
Under the terms of each Security Deed the Issuer has assigned to the Trustee by way of security the 
contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class under the Facility Agreement, and granted a first-
ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured 
Property attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights under each Facility 
Agreement, all Commodity Contracts for the relevant class created pursuant to the Facility Agreements, 
the BAC Guarantee, the Citigroup Guarantee and the rights of the Issuer under each Security Agreement 
and each Control Agreement, in each case insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool. 
If the amounts received from the relevant Secured Property are insufficient to make payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the relevant Pool, no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet that 
shortfall and all further claims of the holders in respect of such class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities will be extinguished. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities). Further details of the Security Deeds are set out in Part 8 (Particulars of Security 
Deeds). 
 
Classic and Longer Dated Securities 
The Issuer has separately made available the Classic and Longer Dated Securities which have different 
characteristics as described in a separate base prospectus of the Issuer dated on or around the date of 
this Prospectus. The Classic and Longer Dated Securities are constituted by a separate trust instrument 
entered into between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and are backed by 
commodity contracts created under a separate facility agreement or facility agreements (being the facility 
agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts between MLI and the Issuer and 
the facility agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts between CGML and 
the Issuer) and each authorised participant in respect of the Classic and Longer Dated Securities is 
required to enter into a separate authorised participant agreement in respect of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. Accordingly the rights attached to the Classic and Longer Dated Securities are 
separate from and different to the rights attached to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
The Issuer and ManJer 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey on 16 August 2005 for the purpose of issuing debt 
securities the price of which is related to commodities or commodity indices and entering into the 
Documents and agreements relating to other types or classes of commodity securities. The Issuer has 
not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities will be assigned credit ratings. 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by HoldCo, a company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding 
Company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The 
Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Issuer 
is dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further described 
below under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”. 
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently 
also provides such services to the Issuer in relation to the programme for the Issue of Classic and Longer 
Dated Commodity Securities and to WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Oil Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Wisdom Tree Hedged Metal Securities 
Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange and WisdomTree Issuer X 
Limited. 
A14.4.6 
 
A19.3.2 
A9.5.1 
A9.7.1

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at    245 
Park Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the 
ultimate holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange traded product sponsor 
and asset manager. It also licences its indices to third parties. 
 
Administration and Registrar Services 
ManJer will, pursuant to the Services Agreement, supply certain management and administration services 
to the Issuer and will pay all the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including those of 
the Administrator (as defined below) and Registrar). ManJer may engage third parties to provide some 
or all of these services. The Service Agreement may be terminated by ManJer at any time on three 
months’ notice or earlier in the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was 
incorporated on 16 November 2010 and its registered office is Ordinance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, 
Jersey JE4 8PW, Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited (the “Administrator”) whereby the Administrator will perform certain administration duties for 
the Issuer. The Administrator is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) 
law 1991 on 29 November 1988. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar 
is to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. The 
Registrar is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) law 1991 on     2 
September 1999. 
Further, certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating 
exchange traded products and exchange traded fund companies and related service companies, in 
particular, WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited (formerly Boost Management Limited) and 
WisdomTree Issuer plc. 
 
Management Fee and Licence Allowance 
In return for ManJer supplying to the Issuer all management and administration services, the Issuer is 
liable under the Services Agreement to pay ManJer a fee equal to the Management Fee paid to the 
Issuer by the Commodity Contract Counterparties under the Capital Adjustment Agreements. The 
Management Fee, as at the date of this Prospectus, is 0.98 per cent. per annum of the aggregate Price 
on that day of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities outstanding. 
The fee rate may be varied by the Issuer from time to time. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties will pay to the Issuer in respect of the Commodity Contracts to 
which each is party amounts equal to the Management Fee and a Licence Allowance, which will be used 
to pay licence fees to Bloomberg due under the Licence Agreement (with any difference  being payable 
to/by ManJer). The Licence Allowance payable by each Commodity Contract Counterparty is 
0.05 per cent. per annum of the aggregate daily Price of all fully paid Commodity Contracts outstanding 
with that Commodity Contract Counterparty, and this rate will be varied to match approximately the fees 
payable to Bloomberg under the Licence Agreement. 
The Issuer will only be liable to pay the fees to ManJer upon receipt of the relevant amounts from the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
The rate of the Management Fee and Licence Allowance will be reflected in the adjustments to the Capital 
Adjustment each day, commencing upon the relevant Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities first 
being issued. 
If the Management Fee or the Licence Allowance is amended, such amendment will be notified through 
an RIS, and will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of the RIS. 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.7

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Commodity Contract Counterparty fees 
All fees of the Commodity Contract Counterparties are embedded solely into the Capital Adjustment 
formula. However the Commodity Contract Counterparties will have the use of the funds paid to them 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts (net of redemptions) although as described under the heading 
“Security Agreements and Control Agreements” in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts), the Commodity Contract Counterparties have agreed to provide Collateral in 
respect of their respective obligations under the Commodity Contracts of a value at least equal to the 
value of such obligations. The amount they pay for this benefit is reflected in the collateral yield that 
forms part of the Capital Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital 
Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their 
investment?)). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties may also, on such basis as may be agreed between that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and ManJer, agree to further payments or receipts (a “Further 
Contribution”) in respect of the costs incurred by ManJer. Any such payments will not have any impact 
on holders of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Each Commodity Contract Counterparty is responsible for all costs associated with it hedging its 
exposures and managing the cash arising from the Issuer purchasing and terminating Commodity 
Contracts at any time. To the extent that fees payable to the Commodity Contract Counterparty as part 
of the Capital Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment 
element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)), 
differs from the value to it of managing the exposures and having the use of cash, such Commodity 
Contract Counterparty will make a profit or loss from the transaction. 
 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Facility Agreement and any other Facility Agreement that may be entered into 
with other Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
More information on the role of MLI as Calculation Agent is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts) under the heading “Calculation Agent”. 
 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors, secretary and administrator of the Issuer at the date of this document are:  
 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Mr Bell served as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and exchange 
traded product sponsor and asset manager from January 2018 to June 2019. Since January 2018, Mr 
Bell held a number positions at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of 
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Mr. Bell presently serves on the boards of a number 
of WisdomTree’s wholly-owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account 
executive at Sloane & Company from June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with 
university honors from Trinity College, Hartford, CT. 
 
Christopher Foulds – Non-Executive Director 
Christopher J. M.  Foulds is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director 
of the Issuer and of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree 
Foreign Exchange Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours 
degree in Mathematics with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) 
with Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance 
and business advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his 
departure from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-
up management and support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.7 
A9.6.1

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
various roles with ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as 
historically appointed as the Compliance Officer of the Issuer and ManJer. He has also previously been 
a non-executive director of the Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in March 2020, 
Mr Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) Limited, a 
business providing digital asset investment products. 
 
Steven Ross — Non-Executive Director 
Stecen G. Ross is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer 
and of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree in 
Accountancy before embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 
to 2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a 
number of assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services 
and commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head 
of Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration 
business and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and 
private investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a 
partner of Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
 
Peter M. Ziemba 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer and of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited,  WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Foreign Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has 
served as Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., 
an exchange-traded fund and exchange- traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role 
he served as Executive Vice President — Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 
2017, and Chief Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr 
Ziemba served as General Counsel to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr Ziemba presently serves on 
the boards of a number of WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr 
Ziemba was a partner in the Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as 
primary corporate counsel for WisdomTree Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at 
that firm beginning in 1982. Mr Ziemba received his B.A. in History with university honors from 
Binghamton University and his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with 
limited liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other 
business activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment 
schemes and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter, Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited are: 
Louise Follain 
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Steven George Ross 
 
Secretary 
The secretary of the Issuer is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Stuart Bell, Hilary Jones, Steven Ross, 
Christopher Foulds and Peter M. Ziemba. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. The biographies of Mr Ziemba, Mr Ross and Mr Bell are set out under 
the heading “Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer” above. The biography of  Ms Jones 
is as follows: 
 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to 
Jersey in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited from 2009 to 2019 and since 
December 2019 she has been working at JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited. Between 1993 and 1999 
Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities team and at Barclays 
Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones is a Fellow member of the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and has over 40 years’ experience in the finance sector 
and has extensive experience of real estate, private equity and special purpose vehicles for corporate 
clients. Ms Jones has acted as director for a number of companies with a private equity or real estate 
focus. Ms Jones has also served on the legal and technical sub-committee of the Jersey Funds 
Association.  
 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the 
Issuer, and Mr Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer. Mr Ross is also a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the 
administrator of the Issuer and the secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could 
potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential 
conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors and/or members of the administrative, 
management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and the private interests and/or 
other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (formerly Boost Management Limited) (a company that provides services to 
WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (formerly Boost Issuer plc) (an exchange traded product issuer)) and 
WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
 
Further Information 
Information regarding taxation in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey in respect of the Programme 
and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is set out in Part 12 (Taxation). If an investor is in any 
doubt about the tax position, it should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to 
the Programme and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
A14.3.1

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
PART 2 
 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
 
Pricing of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
The Price of each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is calculated on a daily basis to reflect 
the percentage change in value of the relevant Commodity Index since the previous day, the short or 
leveraged nature of the relevant class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (applied in the 
formula by what is known as the Leverage Factor) and the fees applicable for that class on that day (by 
operation of what is known as the Capital Adjustment). A description of the formula used to price Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities and a description of the Leverage Factor and Capital Adjustment 
elements of the formula are set out under “Calculation of the Price” below. Worked examples of how to 
calculate the Price are set out under the heading “Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price” 
below. These worked examples also show how the Leverage Factor and Capital Adjustment are applied 
as part of the calculation of the Price. The formula and method of calculating the price set out below 
is the same for all classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security regardless of whether it 
is a Short Commodity Security or a Leveraged Commodity Security. 
Each Short and Leveraged Commodity Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher 
of the Principal Amount of that Short or Leveraged Commodity Security and the Price (Pi,t). In normal 
circumstances, only Authorised Participants are able to redeem their Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities directly with the Issuer. 
The value of Security Holder’s investment is equivalent to the amount in cash that they would receive 
upon a redemption – generally the applicable Price. The Principal Amounts of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are set out in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
 
Calculation of the Price 
The pricing formula 
The Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on a particular day is based on (i) the percentage 
change between the level of the relevant underlying index on that day (represented in the formula by Ii,t 
and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day Ii,t-1; multiplied by the relevant level of 
exposure (represented in the formula by LFi,t and adjusted by the applicable fees (represented in the 
formula by CAi,t) and so is calculated in accordance with the following formula (the “Formula”) (the 
different components of the formula are further explained below): 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1— 1)} 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of the relevant class on the day on which 
the Price is being calculated; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of the relevant class on the previous 
day; 
CAi,t is the Capital Adjustment which is applied to the relevant class of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Security on the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
LFi is the leverage factor applicable to the relevant class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
representing the level of exposure the relevant class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
provides to the daily percentage change in the level of the relevant underlying index. For One 
Times Short Commodity Securities, LFi = -1, for Three Times Short Individual Securities, LFi = -3, 
for Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities, LFi = +2 and for Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Securities, LFi = +3i; 
A17.2.2.1

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Ii,t 
is the level of the Commodity Index which the relevant class of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Security references on the day on which the Price is being calculated. If day t is not a Pricing Day 
for a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of that class or (in the case of a Three Times 
Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of any class) if day t is a Restrike Disruption Day, 
in the circumstances set out in the Conditions, then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; and 
Ii,t-1 
is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Security of class i for day t-1. For a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month 
Security of any class, if day t-1 is a Restrike Day where (i) the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window for the last Restrike Event ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated 
Settlement Period in respect of day t-1 or (ii) the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for 
the last Restrike Event ends less than 15 minutes after the end of the Designated Settlement 
Period in respect of day t-1, Ii,t-1 is the last Restrike Index Value on day t-1 provided that in relation 
to any class of Second Month Security each reference to “15 minutes” in this definition shall be 
read as reference to “30 minutes”. 
 
The Leverage Factor element of the formula 
The Leverage Factor is included in the pricing formula to provide the relevant level of exposure to the 
changes in the level of the relevant underlying index. One Times Short Commodity Securities and Three 
Times Short Individual Securities are designed to provide investors with an exposure of -1 or -3 times, 
respectively, to the daily percentage change in the relevant underlying index. The Leverage Factor 
applicable to each class of One Times Short Commodity Securities is therefore -1 and for each class of 
Three Times Short Individual Securities is therefore -3. Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities are designed to provide investors with an exposure of 2 
and 3 times, respectively, to the daily percentage change in the relevant underlying index. The Leverage 
Factor applicable to each class of Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security is therefore +2 and for 
each class of Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is therefore +3. 
 
The Capital Adjustment element of the formula 
The Capital Adjustment is an adjustment factor which is agreed from time to time by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. 
The Capital Adjustment for each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security is a daily rate 
expressed as a percentage, which will be as agreed from time to time between each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and the Issuer, and reflects: 
(i) 
an interest return on the value invested in that class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security, 
currently being equal to the four week U.S. Treasury Bill rate; 
(ii) 
the fees payable to ManJer currently of 0.98 per cent. per annum for the services it provides under 
the Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees payable to the Commodity Contract Counterparties currently of 0.85 per cent. per annum 
in respect of the One Times Short Commodity Securities, 1.90 per cent. per annum in respect of 
the Three Times Short Commodity Securities, 1.30 per cent. per annum in respect of the Two 
Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and 1.60 per cent. per annum in respect of the Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Securities; and 
(iv) 
the fees payable to the provider of the Commodity Indices currently of 0.05 per cent. per annum. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Capital Adjustment is the same within each class and for both 
Commodity Contract Counterparties, so that all One Times Short Commodity Securities, for example, 
have the same Capital Adjustment. The Capital Adjustment for each of the different types of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities is not the same so that the Capital Adjustment of the One Times Short 
Commodity Securities, for example, will not be the same as the Capital Adjustment for the Three Times 
Short Individual Securities. 
If the Issuer has Commodity Contracts outstanding with more than one Commodity Contract Counterparty 
in relation to any Pool, the Capital Adjustment for that Pool (and the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of that class) will be the weighted average of the daily adjustment on all Commodity Contracts 
attributable to that Pool. The Capital Adjustment may or may not be less than the rate of interest which 
an investor could earn by depositing funds in money markets at overnight rates, or by fully collateralising 
an investment in futures contracts. 
The Capital Adjustment applicable to each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on any day

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
is published on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
 
As at 30 June 2021 the Capital Adjustment (daily and annual) of each class was: 
 
  
  
  
Daily† 
  
Annual* 
Short Commodity Securities 
  
  
  
  
  
One Time Short Commodity Securities 
  
  
-0.00512% 
  
-1.851% 
Three Times Short Individual Securities** 
  
  
-0.00800% 
  
-2.878% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
  
  
  
  
  
Two Times Long Commodity Securities 
  
  
-0.00636% 
  
-2.295% 
Three Times Long Individual Securities** 
  
  
-0.00718% 
  
-2.587% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
† as of 30 June 2021 (rate changes weekly) 
  
  
  
  
  
* is the Daily rate compounded over total number of 
days in a year 
**calculated as though such securities had been in 
issue on 30 June 2021 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Restrike Events 
The Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or Secondary Month Security will be calculated in 
accordance with the above formula unless a Restrike Event has occurred. If day t is a Restrike Day in 
the circumstances set out in the Conditions, the Price will be calculated in accordance with formula as 
follows: 
 
Where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of the relevant 
class on the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of the relevant 
class on the previous day;  
i 
refers to the relevant class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
n        refers to the number of Restrike Index Value Determination Windows that end prior to the end of 
Exchange Hours on day t and reference to a Restrike Index Value Determination Window in 
respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number is n is a reference to 
the last occurring such Restrike Index Value Determination Window; 
j        refers to the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number for each Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window ending prior to the end of Exchange Hours on day t. j is an integer from 1 
to n-1 (inclusive); 
means the product of the results of evaluating the formula for each value of j from 1 to n-1 inclusive 
if n is equal to 1, then the value of this expression shall mean 1; 
Ii,Rj,t 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t for the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
number is j; 
Ii,Rn,t 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t for the Restrike Index Value

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
n,
n,
Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
number is n; 
Ii,t 
 is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t, provided that:  
• 
For a Three Times Commodity Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement 
Period on day t ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated Settlement 
Period in respect of day t, (ii) if the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last 
Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period on day t 
ends less than 15 minutes after the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect 
of day t, or (iii) if day t is a Market Disruption Day or a Restrike Disruption Day on which 
at least one Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of 
Exchange Hours, then: 
Ii,t = Ii,R ; 
For a Second Month Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last 
Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period on day t ends 30 
minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, (ii) if the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of 
the Designated Settlement Period on day t ends less than 30 minutes after the end of the Designated 
Settlement Period in respect of day t, or (iii) if day t is a Market Disruption Day or a Restrike 
Disruption Day on which at least one Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior 
to the end of Exchange Hours, then: 
Ii,t = Ii,R ; 
 
Ii,t–1    is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or  Second Month Security of class i for day t-1, provided that  
For a Three Times Commodity Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the 
last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends 
15 minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, (ii) if 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the 
end of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends less than 15 minutes after the end of 
the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, or (iii) if day t-1 is a Market Disruption Day 
or a Restrike Disruption Day and one or more Restrike Index Value Determination Windows ended 
between the end of Exchange Hours on the immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of 
Exchange Hours on day t-1, then: 
Ii,t–1 = Ii,Rn,t–1; 
For a Second Month Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last 
Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends 30 
minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, (ii) if the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends less than 30 minutes after the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, or (iii) if day t-1 is a Market Disruption Day or 
a Restrike Disruption Day and one or more Restrike Index Value Determination Windows ended 
between the end of Exchange Hours on the immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of 
Exchange Hours on day t-1, then: 
Ii,t–1 = Ii,Rn,t–1; 
Ii,Rn,t–
1 
 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t-1 for the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
number is n; CAi,t    is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t, expressed as a 
decimal; 
 
LFi 
is the leverage factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Securities, LFi is +3; For Three Times Short Individual Securities, LFi is -3; For Second 
Month Securities which are Leveraged Individual Securities, LFi is +2; For Second Month

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Securities which are Short Individual Securities, LFi is -1. 
Ci 
is the Restrike Cost applicable to class i, expressed as a decimal. 
 
 
Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price  
Short Commodity Securities 
If on a particular day (t), the Capital Adjustment for the WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short  securities was 
-0.0000789, the Price of the WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short securities on the previous day was 50, the 
closing level of the relevant underlying index on the day on which the Price is being calculated is 
34.04400868 and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day was 34.07488935 then 
the Price of an WisdomTree Nickel  3x Daily Short security would be calculated using the pricing formula 
as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1— 1)} 
where: 
Pi,t-1 
= 50.00000000 
CAi,t = -0.0000789 
LFi 
= -3 
Ii,t 
= 34.04400868 
Ii,t-1 
= 34.07488935 
So: 
Pi,t   = 50 × (1 + -0.0000789 + (-3) × (34.04400868/34.07488935 - 1)) 
Pi,t = 50 × (1 + -0.0000789 + (-3) × (-0.00090626)) 
Pi,t  = 50 × (1.00263988) 
Pi,t  = 50.1319938 
The Price of a WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short security on day t is therefore $50.1319938 
 
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
If on a particular day (t), the Capital Adjustment for the WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged securities 
was -0.0000707, the Price of the WisdomTree Nickel  3x Daily Leveraged securities on the previous day 
was 50, the closing level of the relevant underlying index on the day on which the Price is being 
calculated is 34.04400868 and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day was 
34.07488935 then the Price of a WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged security would be calculated 
using the pricing formula as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1— 1)} 
where: 
Pi,t-1 
= 50.00000000 
CAi,t = -0.0000707 
LFi 
= 3 
Ii,t 
= 34.04400868 
Ii,t-1 
= 34.07488935 
So: 
Pi,t = 50 × (1 + -0.0000707 + (3) × (34.04400868/34.07488935 - 1)) 
Pi,t = 50 × (1 + -0.0000707 + (3) × (-0.00090626)) 
Pi,t  = 50 × (.99721053) 
Pi,t  = 49.8605262 
The Price of a WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged security on day t is therefore $49.8605262 
 
Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price of Three Times Commodity Securities or 
Second Month Securities when a Restrike Event has occurred.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Short Commodity Securities 
If on a particular day (t) when one Restrike Event has occurred, the Capital Adjustment for the 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short securities was -0.0000789, the Price of the WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily 
Short securities on the previous day was 50, the applicable Restrike Cost is 0.0003, the Restrike Index 
Value for the single Restrike Event on the day the Price is being calculated is 44.29735616, the closing 
level of the relevant underlying index on the day on which the Price is being calculated is 31.00814931 
and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day was 34.07488935 then the Price of a 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short would be calculated using the pricing formula as follows: 
 
Where: 
Pi,t–1 = 50 
CAi,t = -0.0000789 
LFi 
= -3 
Ii,t 
= 31.00814931 
Ii,R1,t 
= 44.29735616 
Ii,t–1 
= 34.07488935 
Ct 
= 0.0003 
 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 50 ∗(1 −0.0000789 −0.0003) 
+50 ∗ቈቆ1 −3 ∗
(44.29735616 −34.07488935)
34.07488935
 ቇ∗ቆ1 −3 ∗
(31.00814931 −44.29735616)
44.29735616
ቇ−1቉ 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 50 ∗(0.9996211) + 50 ∗[(1 −3 ∗0.3) ∗(1 −3 ∗{−0.3}) −1] 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 9.4810550 
The Price of a WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short security on day t is therefore $9.4810550 
 
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
If on a particular day (t) when one Restrike Event has occurred, the Capital Adjustment for the 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily  Leveraged  securities was-0000707, the Price of the WisdomTree Nickel 3x 
Daily Leveraged securities on the previous day was 50, the applicable Restrike Cost is 0.0003, the 
Restrike Index Value for the single Restrike Event on the day the Price is being calculated is 
23.85242255, the closing level of the relevant underlying index on the day on which the Price is being 
calculated is 35.77863382 and the level of the relevant underlying index on the previous day was 
34.07488935 then the Price of a Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged would be calculated using the pricing formula 
as follows: 
 
Where: 
Pi,t–1 = 50 
CAi,t =   -0.0000707 
LFi 
= 3 
Ii,t 
=  35.77863382 
Ii,Rt–1     = 23.85242255 
Ii,t–1 
= 34.07488935 
Ct 
= 0.0003 
 
 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 50 ∗(1 −0.0000707 −0.0003)

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
+50 ∗ቈቆ1 + 3 ∗
(23.85242255 −34.07488935)
34.07488935
 ቇ∗ቆ1 + 3 ∗
(35.77863382 −23.85242255)
23.85242255
ቇ−1቉ 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 50 ∗(0.9996293) + 50 ∗[(1 + 3 ∗(−0.3)) ∗(1 + 3 ∗0.5) −1] 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 12.4814650 
 
The Price of a WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged security on day t is therefore $12.4814650 
 
How the Price of a Short Commodity Security is affected by the changes in the value of the 
underlying index 
 
One Times Short Commodity Securities 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a One Times Short 
Commodity Security is affected under three different examples of normal market conditions. These 
scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the One Times Short Commodity 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the One Times Short Commodity Securities for one day. 
• 
A single One Times Short Commodity Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the One Times Short Commodity Security is bought is 100. 
• 
The Capital Adjustment on the day of investment is -0.0001. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the One Times Short Commodity Securities 
during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the One Times Short Commodity Securities and the custody fees of 
the investor’s bank are excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on 
exchange. 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of a One Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases by 10 per cent. to 90 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the One Times Short Commodity Security for the day of ownership 
is $0.005 per Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the One Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (90/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (-0.1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1.0999} 
Pi,t  = 54.995 
• 
The investor sells the One Times Short Commodity Security and has gained $4.995 on his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of a One Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 10 per cent. to 110 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the One Times Short Commodity Security for the day of ownership 
is $0.005 per One Times Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the One Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (110/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (0.10)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {-0.8999} 
Pi,t  = 44.995 
• 
The investor sells the One Times Short Commodity Security and has lost $5.005 from his/her initial

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of a One Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the One Times Short Commodity Security for the day of ownership 
is $0.005 per One Times Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the One Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (100/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-1) × (0)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.9999} 
Pi,t  = 49.995 
• 
The investor sells the One Times Short Commodity Security and has lost $0.005 from his/her initial 
investment the previous day. 
How the Price of a Three Times Short Commodity Security is affected by the changes in the value 
of the underlying index 
Three Times Short Commodity Securities 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a Three Times Short 
Commodity Security is affected under three different examples of normal market conditions. These 
scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Three Times Short Commodity 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Three Times Short Commodity Securities for one day. 
• 
1 Three Times Short Commodity Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the Three Times Short Commodity Security is bought is 
100. 
• 
The Capital Adjustment on the day of investment is -0.0001. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Three Times Short Commodity Securities 
during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the Three Times Short Commodity Securities and the custody fees 
of the investor’s bank are excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on 
exchange. 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases by 10 per cent. to 90 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Short Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t  = Pi,t-1  × {1 + CAi,t   + LFi   × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (90/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (-0.1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1.2999} 
Pi,t  = 64.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Short Commodity Security and has gained $14.995 on his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 10 per cent. to 110 the next day.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Short Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Three Times Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t  = Pi,t-1  × {1 + CAi,t   + LFi  × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (110/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (0.10)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.6999} 
Pi,t  = 34.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Short Commodity Security and has lost $15.005 from his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Short Commodity Security is affected if the value 
of the underlying index remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Short Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Three Times Short Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Short Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (100/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (-3) × (0)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.9999} 
Pi,t  = 49.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Short Commodity Security and has lost $0.005 from his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
How the Price of a Leveraged Commodity Security is affected by the changes in the value of the 
underlying index 
 
Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section shows how the price of a Two Times Leveraged 
Commodity Security is affected under three different examples of normal market conditions. These 
scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities for one day. 
• 
1 Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security is bought 
is 100. 
• 
The Capital Adjustment on the day of investment is -0.0001. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Two Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and the custody 
fees of the investor’s bank are excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on 
exchange. 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of a Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected if the 
value of the underlying index decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases by 10 per cent. to 90 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 — 1)}

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (90/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (-0.1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.7999} 
Pi,t  = 39.995 
• 
The investor sells the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has lost $10.005 from his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of a Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected if the 
value of the underlying index increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 10 per cent. to 110 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (110/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (0.1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1.1999} 
Pi,t  = 59.995 
• 
The investor sells the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has gained $9.995 on his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of a Two Times Leveraged Commodity is affected if the value of 
the underlying index remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (100/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (2) × (0)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.9999} 
Pi,t  = 49.995 
• 
The investor sells the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has lost $0.005 from his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
How the Price of a Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected by the changes in the 
value of the underlying index 
 
Three Times Leveraged Commodity Securities 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of a Three Times Leveraged 
Commodity Security is affected under three different examples of normal market conditions. These 
scenarios are not indicators of the actual future performance of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Securities for one day. 
• 
1 Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is bought from a broker at a price of $50. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is bought 
is 100. 
• 
The Capital Adjustment on the day of investment is -0.0001. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Three Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser 
for the sale and purchase of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and the custody 
fees of the investor’s bank are excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on 
exchange.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected if the 
value of the underlying index decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases by 10 per cent. to 90 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t  = Pi,t-1  × {1 + CAi,t  + LFi   × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (90/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (-0.1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {.6999} 
Pi,t  = 34.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has lost $15.005 on his/her 
initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected if the 
value of the underlying index increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 10 per cent. to 110 the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t  = Pi,t-1  × {1 + CAi,t  + LFi   × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (110/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (0.10)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1.2999} 
Pi,t  = 64.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has lost $14.995 
from his/her initial investment the previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of a Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security is affected if the 
value of the underlying index remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security for the day of 
ownership is $0.005 per Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security. 
• 
The price of the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi  × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1  — 1)} 
Pi,t = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (100/100 — 1)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {1 + -0.0001 + (+3) × (0)} 
Pi,t  = 50 × {0.9999} 
Pi,t  = 49.995 
• 
The investor sells the Three Times Leveraged Commodity Security and has lost $0.005 from 
his/her initial investment the previous day. 
 
Interest 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
PART 3 
 
THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEX FAMILY 
 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices 
With effect from 1 July 2014, Bloomberg took over responsibility from CME Indexes for the governance, 
calculation, distribution and licensing of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and its sub-indices (including 
the Individual Commodity Indices and the Composite Commodity Indices) known as the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family (prior to 1 July 2014, these Indices were known as the Dow-Jones UBS 
Commodity IndicesSM), by reference to which all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be 
priced. 
The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and its sub-indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices and 
the Composite Commodity Indices) are published on the Website. 
The methodology used to calculate these indices is set out in the Handbook, which at the date of this 
Prospectus is available on the Website. The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is a widely followed index 
which has been published since 1998, with simulated historical data calculated back to January 1991. 
At the beginning of 1991 each index started at 100 and is increased or decreased each day pursuant to 
the calculation methodology set out in the Handbook by reference to prices of the relevant constituent 
futures contracts. Consequently the Commodity Indices are excess return indices. 
The same input components used for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are also used by Bloomberg 
to construct the other Composite Commodity Indices and the Individual Commodity Indices, other than 
Cocoa, Gas Oil, Lead, Platinum, and Tin which are not currently included in the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM. 
Bloomberg has established an internal Index Oversight Committee to comply with the “19 Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks” as published by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions 
(IOSCO). The Index Oversight Committee consists of senior representatives from various Bloomberg 
business units. The purpose of the Index Oversight Committee is to discuss, review and challenge all 
aspects of the benchmark process. 
Additionally, an external Index Advisory Committee has been established to provide Bloomberg with 
guidance and feedback from the investment community on index products and processes. The Index 
Advisory Committee helps set index priorities, discusses potential rule changes and provides ideas for 
new business products. 
Specifically, the Index Oversight Committee reviews and approves (in consultation with the Index Advisory 
Committee) amendments to the Handbook, which sets out the procedures for determining, amongst 
other things: 
• 
the commodities to be included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
• 
the Exchanges and the Designated Contracts to be used to price each Commodity Index; 
• 
the Roll Period for each Designated Contract; 
• 
the weighting of each commodity in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM; 
• 
determining when a Market Disruption Event occurs and the consequences of such; 
• 
the formulae to calculate each index; and 
• 
changes to any of the above. 
Any changes implemented by the Index Oversight Committee which are reflected in the Handbook and 
which affect the Individual Commodity Indices or the Composite Commodity Indices will be notified to 
Security Holders through an RIS made as soon as practical after the change is notified to the Issuer. 
A17.2.2.2(b)A 
 
A17.2.2.2(c)B

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Composition and Weightings 
The weightings of the components in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, and hence in the other 
Composite Commodity Indices, are subject to change periodically. Apart from changes to the weightings, 
there can be changes to the actual commodities and Designated Contracts included in the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM and the Commodity Indices. At present there are 27 commodity futures eligible for 
inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but four of those commodities (cocoa, lead, platinum and 
tin) are currently not included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. Bloomberg also calculates (in 
conjunction with UBS Securities) and publishes Individual Commodity Indices for two other commodities 
(orange juice and feeder cattle) not currently eligible for inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. 
A complete description of the procedures involved in recalculating the composition of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM each year is set out in the Handbook and the appendices thereto. As part of those 
procedures, the following diversification rules are applied in determining the Commodity Index 
Percentages (CIPs), i.e. the weights, in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM: 
• 
no single commodity may constitute less than 2 per cent. (as liquidity allows) or more than 15 per 
cent. of the Index; 
• 
no single commodity, together with its derivatives (e.g., crude oil, together with heating oil and 
gasoline), may constitute more than 25 per cent. of the Index; and 
• 
no related group of commodities (e.g., energy, precious metals, livestock or grains) may constitute 
more than 33 per cent. of the Index. 
The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is re-balanced annually on a price percentage basis, within the 
confines of the above parameters, and each sub-index is rebalanced proportionally (without any further 
limitations on the weights). At the time of a rebalancing of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, it is 
possible that additional commodities not presently represented in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
will be added, or that one or more commodities presently represented will be removed. 
 
Designated Contracts 
For each Commodity Index a particular futures contract on a futures exchange is selected and for that 
contract certain designated contract months are selected. For most of the commodities the Designated 
Contract is a futures contract traded on various exchanges in the United States, with the balance being 
futures contracts traded on the LME in London. Within each Designated Contract, there are a number of 
futures contracts for delivery in different months. Not all of them are used for the calculation of the 
Commodity Indices. Rather, a number of Designated Month Contracts are selected, and intermediate 
futures contracts are ignored for the purposes of this calculation. This reduces the number of Roll Periods 
required for each commodity while still enabling pricing to be based on one of the more liquid near month 
contracts. 
A17.2.2.2(c)B

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
The Designated Contracts, and Designated Month Contracts, for each of the 27 commodity futures 
currently eligible for inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, are as follows: 
 
Table 2 — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts 
Commodity 
Relevant 
Exchange 
Designated Contract and (Contract Code) 
Designated Month Contracts 
Natural Gas  
NYMEX(4)  
Henry Hub Natural Gas (NG)  
Mar  
May  
Jul  
Sep  
Nov  
Jan  
WTI Crude Oil 
NYMEX(4) 
Light, Sweet Crude Oil (CL) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Brent Crude Oil 
ICE 
Brent Crude Oil (B) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Unleaded 
Gasoline 
NYMEX(4) 
RBOB Gasoline (RB) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Heating Oil 
NYMEX(4) 
Heating Oil (HO) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Gas Oil 
ICE 
Low Sulphur Gas Oil (QS) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Aluminum 
LME 
High Grade Primary Aluminium (AL) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Copper 
COMEX(4) 
Copper (HG) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Zinc 
LME 
Special High Grade Zinc (ZN) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Nov 
Jan 
 
Nickel 
LME 
Primary Nickel (NI) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Gold 
COMEX(4) 
Gold (GC) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
Aug 
Dec 
 
Silver 
COMEX(4) 
Silver (SI) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Live Cattle 
CME(2) 
Live Cattle (LC) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
Aug 
Oct 
Dec 
Lean Hogs 
CME(2) 
Lean Hogs (LH) 
Feb 
Apr 
Jun 
July 
Aug 
Oct Dec 
Wheat 
CBOT(2) 
Soft Wheat (W) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Kansas Wheat 
KCBT 
Kansas Wheat (KW) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Corn 
CBOT(2) 
Corn (C) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Soybeans 
CBOT(2) 
Soybeans (S) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Nov 
Jan 
 
Sugar 
NYBOT(3) 
World Sugar NO. 11 (SB) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Oct 
 
 
Cotton 
NYBOT(3) 
Cotton (CT) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Dec 
 
 
Coffee 
NYBOT(3) 
Coffee (KC) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Soybean Oil 
CBOT(2) 
Soybean Oil (BO) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Soybean Meal 
CBOT(2) 
Soybean Meal (SM) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Nov 
Dec 
Jan 
Cocoa 
NYBOT(3) 
Cocoa (CC) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Dec 
 
Lead 
LME 
Refine Standard Lead (LL) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
Platinum 
NYMEX(4) 
Platinum (PL) 
Apr 
Jul 
Oct 
Jan 
 
 
Tin 
LME 
Refined Tin (LT) 
Mar 
May 
Jul 
Sep 
Nov 
Jan 
(i) 
The contract months are as named by the Exchange in question, irrespective of the particular delivery dates 
(ii) 
Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange merged in 2007 
(iii) 
ICE Futures U.S. 
(iii) 
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc, merged with CME Group in 2008 
 
The termination or replacement of a futures contract on an established exchange occurs infrequently. If 
a Designated Contract were to be terminated or replaced, a comparable futures contract would be 
selected, if available, to replace that Designated Contract. 
 
Roll Process 
The Commodity Indices are calculated each General Trading Day, using the Settlement Prices of near 
dated futures contracts. 
Because futures contracts expire periodically, the Commodity Index calculations must change from using 
one futures contract (the “Lead Future”) to using a subsequent futures contract (the “Next Future”). 
This process is called “rolling”, and normally happens proportionally over a five day period (the “Roll 
Period”), on the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth General Trading Days of a month but only if that

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
day and the prior General Trading Day is a Pricing Day for the relevant commodity. If not, the change for 
the relevant commodity is deferred until the next following Pricing Day, and implemented in addition to 
the change which would otherwise be implemented on that day. 
The current Designated Month Contracts are listed above in the far right column of Table 2. 
For the Commodity Indices, a contract is the Lead Future in the month prior to its named month (so that 
for Natural Gas, the January contract is the Lead Future in December) and in any earlier months, as 
required (so that the January contract is also the Lead Future for Natural Gas in November). Pricing is 
rolled from the Lead Future to the Next Future in the month prior to its named month (so that pricing for 
Natural Gas rolls in early December from the January contract to the March contract).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
As can be seen in Table 2, not all commodities have the same named months or number of Designated 
Month Contracts. Consequently, the commodities to be rolled each month will vary from month to month. 
 
Market Disruption Days 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs in the Relevant Market for an Individual Commodity Index on a 
General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for such Commodity Index, that Individual Commodity Index 
may or may not be calculated and published by Bloomberg on such day. Irrespective of whether an 
Individual Commodity Index is so published by Bloomberg, that day will not be a Pricing Day for the 
relevant class of Short and Leveraged Individual Security. If a Market Disruption Event occurs in the 
Relevant Market for one or more futures contracts by reference to which a Composite Commodity Index 
is calculated on a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for such Commodity Index, that Composite 
Commodity Index may or may not be calculated and published by Bloomberg on that day. Irrespective 
of whether a Composite Commodity Index is published, that day will not be a Pricing Day for the purposes 
of pricing the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Securities. If there are five or more consecutive 
Market Disruption Days, then on each subsequent Market Disruption Day (up to a maximum continuous 
period of 30 days (each Trading Day during that period being a Pricing Day)) the Calculation Agent will 
calculate and publish a substitute value for the relevant Commodity Index and those days will be Pricing 
Days. If the relevant disruption is continuing on the expiry of that period, the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent will negotiate to agree a replacement for that Commodity Index. Failing agreement within a further 
period of 30 days, the Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the relevant Short and Leveraged Individual 
Securities. 
 
Simulated Historic Investment Returns 
Table 3 and Table 4 show simulated historical returns for the last 10 years . In the tables: 
Index Volatility — is a measure of the average dispersion of the daily Commodity Index returns around 
their statistical mean. It is calculated for each year as the standard deviation of daily Commodity Index 
returns and annualised. 
Index Return — is the percentage change in the Commodity Index in the calendar year (excluding fees 
and adjustments). 
Short Return — is the percentage change in the Price of the Short Commodity Security in the calendar 
year (excluding fees and adjustments). 
Leveraged Return — is the percentage change in the Price of the Leveraged Commodity Security in the 
calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments). 
The figures in the right hand column, other than for Index Volatility, are the compound annual growth. 
A17.2.2.4

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Table 3 — Simulated Historical Investment Returns — One Times Short Commodity Securities 
and Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities  
 
  
  
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Compound 
Annual return 
Natural Gas 
Index Volatility 
31% 
46% 
30% 
42% 
41% 
40% 
35% 
45% 
37% 
52% 
35% 
42% 
  
Index Return 
-47% 
-31% 
5% 
-31% 
-40% 
10% 
-37% 
-2% 
-39% 
-42% 
34% 
-31% 
  
Short Return 
72% 
16% 
-13% 
21% 
41% 
-23% 
40% 
-17% 
43% 
31% 
-30% 
20% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-75% 
-61% 
1% 
-60% 
-69% 
3% 
-65% 
-23% 
-67% 
-75% 
70% 
-57% 
WTI Crude 
Index Volatility 
33% 
26% 
18% 
24% 
45% 
44% 
24% 
31% 
33% 
80% 
31% 
35% 
  
Index Return 
-4% 
-12% 
7% 
-42% 
-44% 
7% 
4% 
-22% 
32% 
-51% 
52% 
-11% 
  
Short Return 
-7% 
6% 
-9% 
62% 
46% 
-23% 
-10% 
16% 
-32% 
4% 
-38% 
0% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-17% 
-27% 
10% 
-68% 
-75% 
-6% 
2% 
-45% 
55% 
-89% 
120
% 
-28% 
Brent Crude 
Oil 
Index Volatility 
29% 
22% 
16% 
21% 
42% 
44% 
23% 
29% 
30% 
59% 
29% 
33% 
  
Index Return 
17% 
8% 
7% 
-48% 
-46% 
25% 
13% 
-17% 
33% 
-32% 
49% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
-21% 
-11% 
-9% 
83% 
54% 
-34% 
-16% 
10% 
-31% 
2% 
-36% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
25% 
10% 
12% 
-74% 
-75% 
29% 
21% 
-36% 
61% 
-70% 
112
% 
-16% 
Gasoline 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
19% 
22% 
41% 
38% 
23% 
28% 
30% 
70% 
25% 
33% 
  
Index Return 
14% 
26% 
2% 
-44% 
-13% 
6% 
2% 
-30% 
41% 
-31% 
48% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
-21% 
-24% 
-6% 
69% 
-3% 
-18% 
-7% 
31% 
-36% 
-14% 
-35% 
-7% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
19% 
50% 
0% 
-70% 
-35% 
-2% 
-2% 
-55% 
82% 
-74% 
112
% 
-11% 
Heating Oil 
Index Volatility 
26% 
20% 
16% 
18% 
36% 
41% 
22% 
23% 
25% 
50% 
26% 
30% 
  
Index Return 
11% 
5% 
0% 
-39% 
-43% 
33% 
14% 
-17% 
22% 
-38% 
44% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
-16% 
-9% 
-3% 
58% 
54% 
-36% 
-16% 
14% 
-23% 
25% 
-33% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
14% 
7% 
-2% 
-64% 
-71% 
51% 
24% 
-36% 
40% 
-71% 
99% 
-14% 
Sulphur Gas 
Oil 
Index Volatility 
23% 
18% 
16% 
15% 
31% 
40% 
21% 
23% 
25% 
51% 
23% 
28% 
  
Index Return 
19% 
6% 
3% 
-46% 
-41% 
30% 
18% 
-13% 
21% 
-42% 
39% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
-21% 
-9% 
-6% 
82% 
53% 
-34% 
-19% 
8% 
-23% 
33% 
-30% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
35% 
9% 
4% 
-72% 
-68% 
45% 
32% 
-28% 
38% 
-75% 
88% 
-12% 
Aluminium 
Index Volatility 
22% 
20% 
18% 
16% 
18% 
16% 
15% 
22% 
14% 
15% 
20% 
22% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
-4% 
-21% 
-3% 
-23% 
9% 
30% 
-19% 
-6% 
3% 
26% 
-7% 
  
Short Return 
21% 
0% 
22% 
1% 
26% 
-11% 
-25% 
17% 
4% 
-6% 
-22% 
3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-42% 
-12% 
-39% 
-9% 
-43% 
17% 
65% 
-37% 
-13% 
5% 
55% 
-17% 
Copper 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
19% 
15% 
24% 
20% 
19% 
20% 
16% 
22% 
25% 
28% 
  
Index Return 
-24% 
5% 
-9% 
-17% 
-25% 
15% 
28% 
-23% 
5% 
23% 
21% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
21% 
-9% 
6% 
17% 
26% 
-17% 
-25% 
24% 
-7% 
-23% 
-20% 
-1% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-48% 
5% 
-20% 
-32% 
-47% 
28% 
58% 
-43% 
7% 
43% 
43% 
-12% 
Zinc 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
17% 
17% 
24% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
22% 
21% 
21% 
31% 
  
Index Return 
-28% 
9% 
-7% 
3% 
-28% 
57% 
28% 
-23% 
-3% 
18% 
7% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
26% 
-13% 
5% 
-6% 
31% 
-41% 
-26% 
22% 
-1% 
-19% 
-9% 
-4% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-53% 
13% 
-16% 
4% 
-51% 
128
% 
57% 
-44% 
-11% 
33% 
11% 
-12% 
Nickel 
Index Volatility 
37% 
26% 
22% 
26% 
32% 
31% 
30% 
27% 
26% 
25% 
28% 
36% 
  
Index Return 
-25% 
-10% 
-20% 
7% 
-43% 
11% 
24% 
-18% 
30% 
16% 
9% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
16% 
4% 
19% 
-13% 
57% 
-19% 
-27% 
13% 
-28% 
-19% 
-12% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-51% 
-25% 
-39% 
8% 
-70% 
13% 
41% 
-37% 
57% 
27% 
14% 
-17% 
Gold 
Index Volatility 
21% 
16% 
22% 
14% 
15% 
16% 
10% 
10% 
11% 
21% 
16% 
18% 
  
Index Return 
10% 
6% 
-29% 
-2% 
-11% 
7% 
12% 
-5% 
16% 
20% 
-7% 
2% 
  
Short Return 
-13% 
-8% 
33% 
0% 
10% 
-9% 
-11% 
4% 
-15% 
-21% 
6% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
15% 
9% 
-52% 
-5% 
-22% 
12% 
23% 
-10% 
32% 
39% 
-15% 
2% 
Silver 
Index Volatility 
47% 
31% 
33% 
24% 
27% 
26% 
17% 
18% 
19% 
45% 
35% 
32% 
  
Index Return 
-10% 
7% 
-37% 
-20% 
-13% 
14% 
5% 
-12% 
11% 
42% 
-1% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
-11% 
-15% 
41% 
19% 
7% 
-18% 
-7% 
10% 
-14% 
-43% 
-5% 
-7% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-37% 
4% 
-64% 
-40% 
-29% 
20% 
6% 
-25% 
20% 
61% 
-9% 
-11% 
Live Cattle 
Index Volatility 
16% 
12% 
9% 
13% 
18% 
19% 
19% 
16% 
14% 
25% 
15% 
16% 
  
Index Return 
-1% 
-4% 
-5% 
22% 
-14% 
-8% 
8% 
1% 
-1% 
-18% 
-1% 
1% 
  
Short Return 
-1% 
3% 
5% 
-19% 
13% 
4% 
-11% 
-3% 
-1% 
14% 
-1% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-5% 
-9% 
-11% 
46% 
-29% 
-18% 
13% 
-2% 
-4% 
-37% 
-2% 
-1% 
Lean Hogs 
Index Volatility 
20% 
18% 
14% 
20% 
29% 
28% 
26% 
33% 
37% 
44% 
25% 
28% 
  
Index Return 
-5% 
-3% 
-2% 
-4% 
-26% 
-3% 
2% 
-13% 
-21% 
-32% 
28% 
-8% 
  
Short Return 
1% 
0% 
0% 
0% 
24% 
-5% 
-8% 
2% 
10% 
20% 
-24% 
2% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-13% 
-9% 
-6% 
-12% 
-50% 
-14% 
-3% 
-32% 
-46% 
-62% 
58% 
-22% 
Wheat 
Index Volatility 
39% 
32% 
20% 
26% 
29% 
24% 
23% 
28% 
25% 
24% 
29% 
29% 
  
Index Return 
-34% 
10% 
-27% 
-9% 
-22% 
-24% 
-13% 
2% 
7% 
10% 
4% 
-11% 
  
Short Return 
30% 
-18% 
32% 
3% 
18% 
24% 
9% 
-9% 
-12% 
-14% 
-8% 
3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-63% 
9% 
-49% 
-23% 
-44% 
-46% 
-29% 
-5% 
8% 
14% 
4% 
-28% 
Kansas 
Wheat 
Index Volatility 
34% 
30% 
18% 
24% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
29% 
27% 
27% 
31% 
27% 
  
Index Return 
-23% 
6% 
-26% 
-5% 
-33% 
-25% 
-16% 
-5% 
-11% 
14% 
6% 
-12% 
  
Short Return 
16% 
-13% 
31% 
-1% 
38% 
27% 
12% 
-3% 
5% 
-18% 
-10% 
5% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-47% 
2% 
-47% 
-14% 
-58% 
-47% 
-33% 
-17% 
-27% 
20% 
6% 
-29% 
Corn 
Index Volatility 
33% 
30% 
25% 
22% 
23% 
23% 
18% 
17% 
22% 
20% 
36% 
25% 
  
Index Return 
1% 
19% 
-30% 
-13% 
-19% 
-10% 
-13% 
-6% 
-7% 
12% 
39% 
-7%

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
  
Short Return 
-12% 
-23% 
35% 
10% 
17% 
5% 
11% 
4% 
2% 
-15% 
-33% 
0% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-9% 
29% 
-55% 
-28% 
-38% 
-23% 
-27% 
-15% 
-18% 
21% 
80% 
-18% 
Soybean 
Index Volatility 
22% 
23% 
19% 
20% 
20% 
22% 
16% 
18% 
15% 
16% 
27% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-16% 
24% 
10% 
-6% 
-15% 
14% 
-9% 
-13% 
-3% 
32% 
15% 
1% 
  
Short Return 
14% 
-23% 
-13% 
2% 
13% 
-17% 
7% 
12% 
0% 
-26% 
-16% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-33% 
46% 
18% 
-14% 
-30% 
25% 
-19% 
-28% 
-7% 
69% 
27% 
-2% 
Sugar 
Index Volatility 
39% 
26% 
17% 
22% 
30% 
31% 
28% 
27% 
21% 
29% 
27% 
30% 
  
Index Return 
-12% 
-13% 
-20% 
-31% 
-5% 
22% 
-26% 
-28% 
0% 
10% 
20% 
-11% 
  
Short Return 
-2% 
8% 
21% 
38% 
-4% 
-26% 
25% 
28% 
-4% 
-17% 
-20% 
2% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-34% 
-29% 
-38% 
-55% 
-17% 
36% 
-50% 
-51% 
-5% 
11% 
40% 
-28% 
Cotton 
Index Volatility 
37% 
27% 
20% 
19% 
19% 
20% 
19% 
22% 
20% 
23% 
27% 
24% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
-13% 
9% 
-21% 
3% 
10% 
11% 
-9% 
-8% 
10% 
4% 
2% 
  
Short Return 
12% 
7% 
-12% 
22% 
-6% 
-13% 
-14% 
5% 
5% 
-14% 
-7% 
-8% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-47% 
-29% 
14% 
-40% 
2% 
17% 
20% 
-21% 
-20% 
14% 
5% 
-2% 
Coffee 
Index Volatility 
30% 
30% 
26% 
45% 
34% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
31% 
36% 
28% 
31% 
  
Index Return 
-11% 
-42% 
-31% 
38% 
-32% 
-2% 
-17% 
-28% 
10% 
-10% 
19% 
-10% 
  
Short Return 
3% 
56% 
35% 
-41% 
30% 
-6% 
14% 
31% 
-18% 
-3% 
-19% 
1% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-28% 
-69% 
-55% 
56% 
-58% 
-11% 
-34% 
-51% 
9% 
-29% 
37% 
-27% 
Soybean Oil 
Index Volatility 
21% 
20% 
15% 
20% 
23% 
21% 
16% 
14% 
16% 
22% 
37% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-15% 
-10% 
-22% 
-21% 
-8% 
7% 
-8% 
-21% 
17% 
16% 
67% 
-6% 
  
Short Return 
13% 
7% 
26% 
21% 
3% 
-10% 
6% 
24% 
-17% 
-18% 
-44% 
3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-31% 
-22% 
-41% 
-39% 
-19% 
10% 
-17% 
-39% 
34% 
27% 
159
% 
-16% 
Soybean 
Meal 
Index Volatility 
24% 
26% 
26% 
25% 
22% 
26% 
19% 
19% 
16% 
18% 
28% 
23% 
  
Index Return 
-18% 
49% 
20% 
12% 
-18% 
18% 
-6% 
-6% 
-8% 
32% 
-14% 
6% 
  
Short Return 
16% 
-37% 
-22% 
-16% 
16% 
-21% 
2% 
3% 
7% 
-27% 
11% 
-11% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-37% 
107
% 
34% 
17% 
-36% 
30% 
-14% 
-15% 
-18% 
68% 
-29% 
7% 
Cocoa 
Index Volatility 
28% 
32% 
20% 
17% 
17% 
25% 
31% 
32% 
23% 
27% 
23% 
26% 
  
Index Return 
-32% 
6% 
18% 
6% 
10% 
-33% 
-13% 
18% 
3% 
6% 
-7% 
-5% 
  
Short Return 
37% 
-15% 
-19% 
-9% 
-11% 
40% 
5% 
-24% 
-8% 
-13% 
5% 
-2% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-58% 
3% 
34% 
10% 
16% 
-58% 
-32% 
26% 
1% 
5% 
-16% 
-16% 
Platinum 
Index Volatility 
21% 
20% 
21% 
15% 
20% 
24% 
17% 
18% 
20% 
42% 
31% 
23% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
9% 
-12% 
-12% 
-26% 
0% 
2% 
-17% 
19% 
8% 
-1% 
-5% 
  
Short Return 
22% 
-11% 
9% 
12% 
30% 
-6% 
-5% 
16% 
-20% 
-23% 
-4% 
1% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-42% 
13% 
-26% 
-25% 
-48% 
-5% 
1% 
-33% 
36% 
-3% 
-7% 
-14% 
Tin 
Index Volatility 
33% 
29% 
21% 
15% 
26% 
19% 
16% 
14% 
18% 
21% 
30% 
23% 
  
Index Return 
-29% 
22% 
-5% 
-13% 
-25% 
47% 
-4% 
-2% 
-11% 
20% 
72% 
1% 
  
Short Return 
26% 
-24% 
1% 
13% 
24% 
-35% 
1% 
0% 
8% 
-21% 
-45% 
-6% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-55% 
37% 
-14% 
-26% 
-47% 
110
% 
-10% 
-5% 
-23% 
37% 
182
% 
-4% 
Lead 
Index Volatility 
36% 
26% 
19% 
16% 
24% 
26% 
24% 
25% 
20% 
23% 
21% 
26% 
  
Index Return 
-20% 
12% 
-8% 
-18% 
-5% 
10% 
22% 
-19% 
-5% 
1% 
12% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
10% 
-16% 
4% 
19% 
-1% 
-15% 
-22% 
16% 
1% 
-6% 
-13% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged 
Return 
-44% 
18% 
-18% 
-35% 
-14% 
14% 
39% 
-38% 
-14% 
-4% 
23% 
-15% 
 
(1) Index returns are based on historical 
Excess Return Indices before interest and 
fees 
(2) Short and Leveraged returns are 
simulated returns before interest and fees 
(3) Compound Annual Return is the 
compound annual return from 2011 to 
2021* 
(4) Volatility 2009 to 2019* is the annualised 
daily volatility from 2011 to 2021* 
(5) The table has been prepared on the 
assumption that there were no Market 
Disruption Days during any of the years in 
question 
* To 30 June 2021 
  
 
  
  
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Compound 
Annual return 
All 
Commodities 
Index Volatility 
18% 
14% 
10% 
10% 
15% 
15% 
10% 
12% 
11% 
17% 
10% 
14% 
  
Index Return 
-13% 
-1% 
-10% 
-17% 
-25% 
11% 
1% 
-13% 
5% 
-4% 
21% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
12% 
-1% 
9% 
19% 
30% 
-12% 
-2% 
13% 
-6% 
1% 
-18% 
2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-27% 
-4% 
-19% 
-32% 
-45% 
21% 
1% 
-25% 
10% 
-9% 
45% 
-10% 
Energy 
Index Volatility 
25% 
23% 
15% 
21% 
34% 
34% 
20% 
25% 
26% 
45% 
17% 
27% 
  
Index Return 
-16% 
-9% 
5% 
-39% 
-39% 
16% 
-5% 
-14% 
9% 
-43% 
45% 
-15% 
  
Short Return 
12% 
5% 
-7% 
58% 
46% 
-23% 
1% 
10% 
-14% 
43% 
-33% 
7% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-34% 
-22% 
8% 
-65% 
-67% 
19% 
-14% 
-31% 
12% 
-74% 
103% 
-33% 
Ex-Energy 
Index Volatility 
18% 
14% 
11% 
10% 
11% 
11% 
9% 
10% 
8% 
12% 
11% 
12% 
  
Index Return 
-12% 
3% 
-17% 
-7% 
-18% 
7% 
4% 
-13% 
4% 
15% 
12% 
0% 
  
Short Return 
10% 
-5% 
19% 
6% 
20% 
-8% 
-5% 
13% 
-4% 
-14% 
-12% 
-2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-25% 
4% 
-32% 
-13% 
-33% 
14% 
8% 
-25% 
7% 
30% 
24% 
-2% 
Petroleum 
Index Volatility 
30% 
22% 
16% 
21% 
41% 
42% 
23% 
28% 
30% 
62% 
20% 
33% 
  
Index Return 
2% 
0% 
5% 
-43% 
-39% 
17% 
9% 
-21% 
31% 
-41% 
48% 
-8% 
  
Short Return 
-10% 
-5% 
-7% 
69% 
40% 
-28% 
-13% 
17% 
-30% 
14% 
-35% 
-5%

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
  
Leveraged Return 
-6% 
-4% 
7% 
-69% 
-69% 
15% 
12% 
-42% 
57% 
-77% 
112% 
-26% 
Industrial 
Metals 
Index Volatility 
26% 
19% 
17% 
14% 
20% 
18% 
16% 
18% 
13% 
17% 
14% 
19% 
  
Index Return 
-24% 
1% 
-14% 
-7% 
-27% 
20% 
28% 
-21% 
5% 
16% 
18% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
24% 
-4% 
13% 
5% 
32% 
-19% 
-24% 
23% 
-6% 
-16% 
-17% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-46% 
-2% 
-28% 
-15% 
-49% 
38% 
60% 
-40% 
8% 
31% 
35% 
-7% 
Precious 
Metals 
Index Volatility 
26% 
19% 
24% 
16% 
17% 
18% 
12% 
12% 
13% 
25% 
14% 
19% 
  
Index Return 
5% 
6% 
-31% 
-7% 
-12% 
9% 
10% 
-6% 
15% 
25% 
-6% 
3% 
  
Short Return 
-11% 
-9% 
36% 
5% 
10% 
-11% 
-10% 
5% 
-14% 
-25% 
4% 
-7% 
  
Leveraged Return 
2% 
9% 
-55% 
-15% 
-24% 
15% 
19% 
-14% 
29% 
47% 
-13% 
2% 
Livestock 
Index Volatility 
15% 
12% 
9% 
13% 
18% 
17% 
16% 
17% 
18% 
27% 
10% 
16% 
  
Index Return 
-2% 
-4% 
-4% 
12% 
-19% 
-6% 
5% 
-4% 
-8% 
-24% 
9% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
0% 
2% 
3% 
-12% 
19% 
3% 
-7% 
1% 
5% 
22% 
-9% 
1% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-7% 
-8% 
-8% 
22% 
-36% 
-14% 
8% 
-10% 
-18% 
-46% 
17% 
-12% 
Agriculture 
Index Volatility 
23% 
20% 
13% 
15% 
16% 
15% 
13% 
14% 
13% 
14% 
17% 
17% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
4% 
-14% 
-9% 
-16% 
2% 
-12% 
-13% 
0% 
16% 
20% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
11% 
-7% 
15% 
8% 
16% 
-4% 
11% 
12% 
-1% 
-16% 
-19% 
-2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-31% 
4% 
-28% 
-19% 
-31% 
1% 
-24% 
-25% 
-3% 
32% 
41% 
-6% 
Grains 
Index Volatility 
27% 
24% 
18% 
18% 
20% 
19% 
16% 
17% 
17% 
16% 
21% 
21% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
18% 
-17% 
-9% 
-19% 
-6% 
-12% 
-7% 
-3% 
19% 
20% 
-2% 
  
Short Return 
9% 
-20% 
17% 
7% 
19% 
3% 
11% 
5% 
0% 
-18% 
-20% 
-3% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-32% 
32% 
-33% 
-21% 
-38% 
-15% 
-25% 
-17% 
-9% 
38% 
39% 
-8% 
Soft 
Index Volatility 
25% 
19% 
13% 
23% 
21% 
21% 
18% 
18% 
17% 
22% 
15% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
-22% 
-17% 
-10% 
-10% 
13% 
-16% 
-24% 
2% 
3% 
17% 
-5% 
  
Short Return 
9% 
24% 
18% 
6% 
6% 
-15% 
15% 
27% 
-5% 
-7% 
-16% 
0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Leveraged Return 
-31% 
-42% 
-32% 
-23% 
-22% 
22% 
-31% 
-44% 
1% 
0% 
34% 
-14% 
(1) Index returns are based on historical Excess 
Return Indices before interest and fees 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(1) Index returns are based on historical Excess Return Indices before interest and fees 
(2) Short and Leveraged returns are simulated returns before interest and fees 
(3) Compound Annual Return is the compound annual return from 2011 to 2021* 
(4) Volatility 2009 to 2019* is the annualised daily volatility from 2011 to 2021* 
(5) The table has been prepared on the assumption that there were no Market Disruption Days during any of the years in question 
* To 30 June 2021 
The table shows that (over a period other than a single day) the returns from Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are not equal to the return on the Commodity Index multiplied by the relevant 
Leverage Factor. The actual return will differ for reasons set out in Part 1 (General). For example in 2014 the 
Petroleum Index return was -43 per cent. Multiplying this Petroleum Index return by the relevant Leverage 
Factor would imply a Short Petroleum return of 43 per cent and a Leveraged Petroleum return of -86 per 
cent. However, the simulated historical returns (before fees and adjustments and assuming no Market 
Disruption Events) were 69 per cent and -69 per cent respectively. In both cases the simulated historical 
return was better than the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. The opposite result 
occurred, for example, in 2011. The Petroleum Index experienced a return of 2 per cent. Multiplying this 
Petroleum Index return by the relevant Leverage Factor would imply a Short Petroleum return of -2 per 
cent and a Leveraged Petroleum return of 4 per cent, yet the simulated historical returns (before fees and 
adjustments and assuming no Market Disruption Events) were -10 per cent and -6 per cent respectively. In 
both cases the simulated historical return was worse than the Commodity Index return multiplied by the 
Leverage Factor. 
 
Table 4 — Simulated Historical Investment Returns — Three Times Short Individual Securities 
and Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
 
  
  
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Compound 
Annual 
return 
Natural Gas 
Index Volatility 
31% 
46% 
30% 
42% 
41% 
40% 
35% 
45% 
37% 
52% 
35% 
40% 
  
Index Return 
-47% 
-31% 
5% 
-31% 
-40% 
10% 
-37% 
-2% 
-39% 
-42% 
34% 
-22% 
  
Short Return 
281% 
-19% 
-49% 
2% 
72% 
-72% 
90% 
-72% 
95% 
-11% 
-72% 
-27% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-89% 
-83% 
-12% 
-81% 
-87% 
-18% 
-83% 
-52% 
-84% 
-92% 
102% 
-71% 
WTI Crude 
Index Volatility 
33% 
26% 
18% 
24% 
45% 
44% 
24% 
31% 
33% 
80% 
31% 
39% 
  
Index Return 
-4% 
-12% 
7% 
-42% 
-44% 
7% 
4% 
-22% 
32% 
-51% 
52% 
-13% 
  
Short Return 
-42% 
-3% 
-32% 
262% 
65% 
-76% 
-38% 
19% 
-79% 
-90% 
-79% 
-46% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-37% 
-44% 
11% 
-84% 
-91% 
-32% 
-6% 
-65% 
64% 
-
100% 
202% 
-65% 
Brent Crude 
Oil 
Index Volatility 
29% 
22% 
16% 
21% 
42% 
44% 
23% 
29% 
30% 
59% 
29% 
33% 
  
Index Return 
17% 
8% 
7% 
-48% 
-46% 
25% 
13% 
-17% 
33% 
-32% 
49% 
-7% 
  
Short Return 
-62% 
-40% 
-30% 
439% 
110% 
-85% 
-50% 
3% 
-76% 
-63% 
-77% 
-40% 
  
Leveraged Return 
23% 
7% 
14% 
-88% 
-91% 
10% 
22% 
-56% 
78% 
-93% 
189% 
-45% 
Gasoline 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
19% 
22% 
41% 
38% 
23% 
28% 
30% 
71% 
25% 
35% 
  
Index Return 
14% 
26% 
2% 
-44% 
-13% 
6% 
2% 
-30% 
41% 
-31% 
48% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
-62% 
-62% 
-25% 
323% 
-45% 
-65% 
-32% 
78% 
-81% 
-88% 
-75% 
-49% 
  
Leveraged Return 
12% 
72% 
-6% 
-85% 
-60% 
-22% 
-11% 
-73% 
115% 
-96% 
194% 
-43% 
Heating Oil 
Index Volatility 
26% 
20% 
16% 
18% 
36% 
41% 
22% 
23% 
25% 
50% 
26% 
29% 
  
Index Return 
11% 
5% 
0% 
-39% 
-43% 
33% 
14% 
-17% 
22% 
-38% 
44% 
-7% 
  
Short Return 
-51% 
-33% 
-15% 
259% 
145% 
-85% 
-50% 
27% 
-63% 
-10% 
-73% 
-28% 
  
Leveraged Return 
10% 
4% 
-7% 
-79% 
-87% 
46% 
28% 
-53% 
50% 
-90% 
167% 
-39% 
Sulphur Gas 
Oil 
Index Volatility 
23% 
18% 
16% 
15% 
31% 
40% 
21% 
23% 
25% 
51% 
23% 
28% 
  
Index Return 
19% 
6% 
3% 
-46% 
-41% 
30% 
18% 
-13% 
21% 
-42% 
39% 
-8%

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
  
Short Return 
-57% 
-30% 
-22% 
459% 
164% 
-83% 
-53% 
8% 
-63% 
6% 
-69% 
-23% 
  
Leveraged Return 
45% 
8% 
3% 
-86% 
-85% 
38% 
42% 
-44% 
48% 
-92% 
148% 
-40% 
Aluminium 
Index Volatility 
22% 
20% 
18% 
16% 
18% 
16% 
15% 
22% 
14% 
15% 
20% 
19% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
-4% 
-21% 
-3% 
-23% 
9% 
30% 
-19% 
-6% 
3% 
26% 
-2% 
  
Short Return 
54% 
-12% 
65% 
-6% 
80% 
-35% 
-60% 
36% 
6% 
-22% 
-55% 
-11% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-59% 
-22% 
-55% 
-16% 
-59% 
21% 
105% 
-54% 
-21% 
3% 
86% 
-15% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copper 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
19% 
15% 
24% 
20% 
19% 
20% 
16% 
22% 
25% 
22% 
  
Index Return 
-24% 
5% 
-9% 
-17% 
-25% 
15% 
28% 
-23% 
5% 
23% 
21% 
1% 
  
Short Return 
32% 
-35% 
6% 
50% 
70% 
-49% 
-61% 
70% 
-27% 
-60% 
-54% 
-23% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-68% 
0% 
-32% 
-46% 
-65% 
36% 
89% 
-59% 
7% 
58% 
63% 
-10% 
Zinc 
Index Volatility 
31% 
22% 
17% 
17% 
24% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
22% 
21% 
21% 
25% 
  
Index Return 
-28% 
9% 
-7% 
3% 
-28% 
57% 
28% 
-23% 
-3% 
18% 
7% 
4% 
  
Short Return 
51% 
-42% 
5% 
-24% 
85% 
-84% 
-65% 
53% 
-17% 
-54% 
-29% 
-34% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-72% 
12% 
-26% 
2% 
-69% 
206% 
82% 
-62% 
-21% 
43% 
14% 
-4% 
Nickel 
Index Volatility 
37% 
26% 
22% 
26% 
32% 
31% 
30% 
27% 
26% 
25% 
28% 
29% 
  
Index Return 
-25% 
-10% 
-20% 
7% 
-43% 
11% 
24% 
-18% 
30% 
16% 
9% 
-2% 
  
Short Return 
4% 
-7% 
46% 
-46% 
187% 
-60% 
-70% 
17% 
-70% 
-57% 
-40% 
-33% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-72% 
-41% 
-56% 
1% 
-86% 
3% 
46% 
-56% 
78% 
30% 
14% 
-25% 
Gold 
Index Volatility 
21% 
16% 
22% 
14% 
15% 
16% 
10% 
10% 
11% 
21% 
16% 
16% 
  
Index Return 
10% 
6% 
-29% 
-2% 
-11% 
7% 
12% 
-5% 
16% 
20% 
-7% 
0% 
  
Short Return 
-41% 
-28% 
106% 
-7% 
24% 
-31% 
-33% 
8% 
-40% 
-57% 
15% 
-13% 
  
Leveraged Return 
15% 
10% 
-69% 
-11% 
-34% 
15% 
35% 
-16% 
48% 
52% 
-23% 
-8% 
Silver 
Index Volatility 
47% 
31% 
33% 
24% 
27% 
26% 
17% 
18% 
19% 
45% 
35% 
31% 
  
Index Return 
-10% 
7% 
-37% 
-20% 
-13% 
14% 
5% 
-12% 
11% 
42% 
-1% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
-62% 
-53% 
102% 
39% 
-2% 
-55% 
-28% 
21% 
-43% 
-90% 
-29% 
-34% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-67% 
-8% 
-82% 
-58% 
-47% 
19% 
5% 
-38% 
24% 
45% 
-22% 
-29% 
Live Cattle 
Index Volatility 
16% 
12% 
9% 
13% 
18% 
19% 
19% 
16% 
14% 
25% 
15% 
16% 
  
Index Return 
-1% 
-4% 
-5% 
22% 
-14% 
-8% 
8% 
1% 
-1% 
-18% 
-1% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
-11% 
4% 
11% 
-50% 
30% 
2% 
-36% 
-17% 
-9% 
23% 
-5% 
-8% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-10% 
-15% 
-17% 
73% 
-43% 
-30% 
14% 
-6% 
-9% 
-55% 
-5% 
-16% 
Lean Hogs 
Index Volatility 
20% 
18% 
14% 
20% 
29% 
28% 
26% 
33% 
37% 
44% 
25% 
28% 
  
Index Return 
-5% 
-3% 
-2% 
-4% 
-26% 
-3% 
2% 
-13% 
-21% 
-32% 
28% 
-9% 
  
Short Return 
-10% 
-11% 
-6% 
-10% 
48% 
-32% 
-36% 
-25% 
-15% 
-6% 
-60% 
-20% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-23% 
-18% 
-12% 
-23% 
-69% 
-29% 
-14% 
-53% 
-68% 
-83% 
90% 
-42% 
Wheat 
Index Volatility 
39% 
32% 
20% 
26% 
29% 
24% 
23% 
28% 
25% 
24% 
29% 
29% 
  
Index Return 
-34% 
10% 
-27% 
-9% 
-22% 
-24% 
-13% 
2% 
7% 
10% 
4% 
-8% 
  
Short Return 
39% 
-59% 
105% 
-11% 
27% 
61% 
10% 
-42% 
-44% 
-48% 
-32% 
-16% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-82% 
-2% 
-66% 
-39% 
-64% 
-64% 
-45% 
-18% 
2% 
11% 
-1% 
-36% 
Kansas 
Wheat 
Index Volatility 
34% 
30% 
18% 
24% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
29% 
27% 
27% 
31% 
27% 
  
Index Return 
-23% 
6% 
-26% 
-5% 
-33% 
-25% 
-16% 
-5% 
-11% 
14% 
6% 
-11% 
  
Short Return 
10% 
-51% 
103% 
-18% 
106% 
76% 
18% 
-31% 
-8% 
-57% 
-36% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-68% 
-10% 
-64% 
-27% 
-76% 
-65% 
-50% 
-34% 
-44% 
18% 
2% 
-43% 
Corn 
Index Volatility 
33% 
30% 
25% 
22% 
23% 
23% 
18% 
17% 
22% 
20% 
36% 
25% 
  
Index Return 
1% 
19% 
-30% 
-13% 
-19% 
-10% 
-13% 
-6% 
-7% 
12% 
39% 
-5% 
  
Short Return 
-51% 
-66% 
101% 
14% 
38% 
0% 
25% 
2% 
-8% 
-46% 
-75% 
-17% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-26% 
29% 
-72% 
-44% 
-55% 
-38% 
-40% 
-25% 
-32% 
25% 
118% 
-27% 
Soybean 
Index Volatility 
22% 
23% 
19% 
20% 
20% 
22% 
16% 
18% 
15% 
16% 
27% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-16% 
24% 
10% 
-6% 
-15% 
14% 
-9% 
-13% 
-3% 
32% 
15% 
4% 
  
Short Return 
28% 
-62% 
-40% 
-8% 
28% 
-50% 
14% 
26% 
-5% 
-62% 
-47% 
-29% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-49% 
62% 
21% 
-26% 
-45% 
30% 
-30% 
-41% 
-14% 
112% 
35% 
1% 
Sugar 
Index Volatility 
39% 
26% 
17% 
22% 
30% 
31% 
28% 
27% 
21% 
29% 
27% 
30% 
  
Index Return 
-12% 
-13% 
-20% 
-31% 
-5% 
22% 
-26% 
-28% 
0% 
10% 
20% 
-9% 
  
Short Return 
-41% 
3% 
64% 
127% 
-33% 
-70% 
52% 
69% 
-24% 
-57% 
-54% 
-12% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-57% 
-46% 
-53% 
-71% 
-34% 
37% 
-68% 
-70% 
-13% 
2% 
56% 
-39% 
Cotton 
Index Volatility 
37% 
27% 
20% 
19% 
19% 
20% 
19% 
22% 
20% 
23% 
27% 
24% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
-13% 
9% 
-21% 
3% 
10% 
11% 
-9% 
-8% 
10% 
4% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
-7% 
-2% 
-39% 
65% 
-26% 
-41% 
-43% 
-1% 
1% 
-45% 
-29% 
-22% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-68% 
-47% 
15% 
-56% 
-2% 
19% 
24% 
-35% 
-32% 
12% 
1% 
-16% 
Coffee 
Index Volatility 
30% 
30% 
26% 
45% 
34% 
28% 
23% 
24% 
31% 
36% 
28% 
31% 
  
Index Return 
-11% 
-42% 
-31% 
38% 
-32% 
-2% 
-17% 
-28% 
10% 
-10% 
19% 
-13% 
  
Short Return 
-16% 
187% 
102% 
-89% 
54% 
-34% 
26% 
86% 
-59% 
-39% 
-54% 
-17% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-47% 
-85% 
-73% 
47% 
-78% 
-25% 
-51% 
-69% 
-2% 
-51% 
51% 
-51% 
Soybean Oil 
Index Volatility 
21% 
20% 
15% 
20% 
23% 
21% 
16% 
14% 
16% 
22% 
37% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-15% 
-10% 
-22% 
-21% 
-8% 
7% 
-8% 
-21% 
17% 
16% 
67% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
26% 
8% 
86% 
57% 
-7% 
-37% 
9% 
78% 
-48% 
-52% 
-86% 
-20% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-47% 
-35% 
-57% 
-56% 
-33% 
8% 
-28% 
-53% 
49% 
32% 
272% 
-14.60% 
Soybean 
Meal 
Index Volatility 
24% 
26% 
26% 
25% 
22% 
26% 
19% 
19% 
16% 
18% 
28% 
23.04% 
  
Index Return 
-18% 
49% 
20% 
12% 
-18% 
18% 
-6% 
-6% 
-8% 
32% 
-14% 
6.20% 
  
Short Return 
30% 
-80% 
-62% 
-51% 
36% 
-59% 
-4% 
-4% 
12% 
-64% 
21% 
-38.98% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-54% 
167% 
41% 
15% 
-52% 
34% 
-25% 
-26% 
-29% 
107% 
-43% 
2.67% 
Cocoa 
Index Volatility 
28% 
32% 
20% 
17% 
17% 
25% 
31% 
32% 
23% 
27% 
23% 
25.80% 
  
Index Return 
-32% 
6% 
18% 
6% 
10% 
-33% 
-13% 
18% 
3% 
6% 
-7% 
0% 
  
Short Return 
100% 
-55% 
-52% 
-30% 
-36% 
128% 
-13% 
-68% 
-35% 
-47% 
5% 
-33% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-76% 
-10% 
46% 
10% 
20% 
-76% 
-51% 
21% 
-7% 
-4% 
-26% 
-17% 
Platinum 
Index Volatility 
21% 
20% 
21% 
15% 
20% 
24% 
17% 
18% 
20% 
42% 
31% 
23% 
  
Index Return 
-22% 
9% 
-12% 
-12% 
-26% 
0% 
2% 
-17% 
19% 
8% 
-1% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
60% 
-38% 
13% 
31% 
96% 
-31% 
-22% 
40% 
-54% 
-74% 
-22% 
-20% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-59% 
14% 
-40% 
-37% 
-65% 
-15% 
-3% 
-48% 
48% 
-29% 
-17% 
-26% 
Tin 
Index Volatility 
33% 
29% 
21% 
15% 
26% 
19% 
16% 
14% 
18% 
21% 
30% 
23% 
  
Index Return 
-29% 
22% 
-5% 
-13% 
-25% 
47% 
-4% 
-2% 
-11% 
20% 
72% 
7% 
  
Short Return 
45% 
-67% 
-11% 
35% 
57% 
-75% 
-3% 
-7% 
15% 
-57% 
-86% 
-38% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-75% 
42% 
-25% 
-39% 
-65% 
189% 
-18% 
-11% 
-35% 
49% 
338% 
8% 
Lead 
Index Volatility 
36% 
26% 
19% 
16% 
24% 
26% 
24% 
25% 
20% 
23% 
21% 
26% 
  
Index Return 
-20% 
12% 
-8% 
-18% 
-5% 
10% 
22% 
-19% 
-5% 
1% 
12% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
-10% 
-52% 
1% 
57% 
-18% 
-51% 
-61% 
27% 
-9% 
-30% 
-38% 
-26% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-66% 
16% 
-30% 
-49% 
-27% 
10% 
50% 
-56% 
-25% 
-14% 
32% 
-16% 
(1) Index returns are based on historical Excess Return Indices before interest and fees 
(2) Short and Leveraged returns are simulated returns before interest and fees 
(3) Compound Annual Return is the compound annual return from 2011 to 2021*

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(4) Volatility 2011 to 2021* is the annualised daily volatility from 2011 to 2021* 
(5) The table has been prepared on the assumption that there were no Market Disruption Days during any of the years in question 
* To 30 June 2021 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
* To 30 June 2021 
  
  
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Compound 
Annual 
return 
All Commodities 
Index Volatility 
18% 
14% 
10% 
10% 
15% 
15% 
9% 
11% 
10% 
16% 
14% 
14% 
  
Index Return 
-13% 
-1% 
-10% 
-17% 
-25% 
11% 
1% 
-13% 
5% 
-4% 
21% 
-4% 
  
Short Return 
27% 
-8% 
27% 
64% 
103% 
-37% 
-7% 
40% 
-20% 
-5% 
-47% 
3% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-41% 
-9% 
-28% 
-45% 
-60% 
29% 
0% 
-37% 
13% 
-17% 
72% 
-16% 
Energy 
Index Volatility 
25% 
23% 
15% 
21% 
34% 
34% 
20% 
25% 
25% 
44% 
24% 
27% 
  
Index Return 
-16% 
-9% 
5% 
-39% 
-39% 
16% 
-5% 
-14% 
9% 
-43% 
45% 
-12% 
  
Short Return 
17% 
-1% 
-24% 
247% 
123% 
-69% 
-8% 
9% 
-49% 
57% 
-72% 
-9% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-51% 
-36% 
9% 
-81% 
-84% 
10% 
-25% 
-49% 
8% 
-91% 
176% 
-47% 
Ex-Energy 
Index Volatility 
18% 
14% 
11% 
10% 
11% 
11% 
8% 
10% 
8% 
12% 
15% 
12% 
  
Index Return 
-12% 
3% 
-17% 
-7% 
-18% 
7% 
4% 
-13% 
4% 
15% 
12% 
-2% 
  
Short Return 
21% 
-18% 
61% 
16% 
66% 
-25% 
-16% 
42% 
-14% 
-40% 
-34% 
-2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-38% 
2% 
-45% 
-21% 
-47% 
20% 
11% 
-35% 
10% 
44% 
35% 
-8% 
Petroleum 
Index Volatility 
30% 
22% 
16% 
21% 
41% 
42% 
23% 
28% 
29% 
61% 
27% 
33% 
  
Index Return 
2% 
0% 
5% 
-43% 
-39% 
17% 
9% 
-21% 
31% 
-41% 
48% 
-9% 
  
Short Return 
-45% 
-27% 
-26% 
325% 
64% 
-78% 
-43% 
26% 
-74% 
-53% 
-76% 
-35% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-21% 
-13% 
7% 
-84% 
-87% 
-4% 
9% 
-61% 
74% 
-95% 
190% 
-48% 
Industrial Metals 
Index Volatility 
26% 
19% 
17% 
14% 
20% 
18% 
16% 
17% 
13% 
16% 
20% 
19% 
  
Index Return 
-24% 
1% 
-14% 
-7% 
-27% 
20% 
28% 
-21% 
5% 
16% 
18% 
0% 
  
Short Return 
55% 
-21% 
31% 
11% 
103% 
-52% 
-59% 
69% 
-22% 
-46% 
-45% 
-16% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-65% 
-9% 
-41% 
-24% 
-65% 
55% 
95% 
-55% 
9% 
43% 
53% 
-8% 
Precious Metals 
Index Volatility 
26% 
19% 
24% 
16% 
17% 
18% 
12% 
11% 
13% 
25% 
20% 
19% 
  
Index Return 
5% 
6% 
-31% 
-7% 
-12% 
9% 
10% 
-6% 
15% 
25% 
-6% 
-1% 
  
Short Return 
-41% 
-33% 
113% 
6% 
22% 
-37% 
-31% 
13% 
-40% 
-65% 
6% 
-15% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-8% 
7% 
-73% 
-25% 
-36% 
18% 
27% 
-21% 
43% 
61% 
-21% 
-12% 
Livestock 
Index Volatility 
15% 
12% 
9% 
13% 
18% 
17% 
16% 
16% 
18% 
26% 
14% 
16% 
  
Index Return 
-2% 
-4% 
-4% 
12% 
-19% 
-6% 
5% 
-4% 
-8% 
-24% 
9% 
-5% 
  
Short Return 
-6% 
2% 
7% 
-35% 
55% 
0% 
-27% 
-6% 
5% 
47% 
-27% 
-2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-13% 
-14% 
-12% 
32% 
-51% 
-24% 
8% 
-18% 
-30% 
-64% 
25% 
-21% 
Agriculture 
Index Volatility 
23% 
20% 
13% 
15% 
16% 
15% 
13% 
14% 
13% 
14% 
23% 
17% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
4% 
-14% 
-9% 
-16% 
2% 
-12% 
-13% 
0% 
16% 
20% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
16% 
-29% 
43% 
17% 
43% 
-18% 
31% 
33% 
-9% 
-44% 
-52% 
-5% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-47% 
0% 
-40% 
-30% 
-44% 
-2% 
-35% 
-37% 
-6% 
47% 
61% 
-15% 
Grains 
Index Volatility 
27% 
24% 
18% 
18% 
20% 
19% 
16% 
17% 
17% 
16% 
29% 
21% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
18% 
-17% 
-9% 
-19% 
-6% 
-12% 
-7% 
-3% 
19% 
20% 
-3% 
  
Short Return 
3% 
-58% 
44% 
10% 
50% 
-3% 
26% 
5% 
-8% 
-49% 
-56% 
-13% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-50% 
39% 
-48% 
-33% 
-54% 
-26% 
-37% 
-27% 
-17% 
55% 
54% 
-18% 
Soft 
Index Volatility 
25% 
19% 
13% 
23% 
21% 
21% 
17% 
18% 
17% 
21% 
21% 
20% 
  
Index Return 
-14% 
-22% 
-17% 
-10% 
-10% 
13% 
-16% 
-24% 
2% 
3% 
17% 
-8% 
  
Short Return 
7% 
71% 
57% 
1% 
6% 
-47% 
38% 
86% 
-21% 
-30% 
-45% 
2% 
  
Leveraged Return 
-48% 
-58% 
-46% 
-38% 
-36% 
26% 
-45% 
-60% 
-3% 
-6% 
50% 
-30% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(1) Index returns are based on historical Excess Return Indices before interest and fees 
(2) Short and Leveraged returns are simulated returns before interest and fees 
(3) Compound Annual Return is the compound annual return from 2011 to 2021* 
(4) Volatility 2009 to 2019* is the annualised daily volatility from 2011 to 2021* 
(5) The table has been prepared on the assumption that there were no Market Disruption Days during any of the years in question 
* To 30 June 2021 
The table shows that (over a period other than a single day) the returns from Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are not equal to the return on the Commodity Index multiplied by the relevant 
Leverage Factor. The actual return will differ for reasons set out in Part 1 (General). For example in 2014 
the Petroleum Index return was -43 per cent. Multiplying this Petroleum Index return by the relevant 
Leverage Factor would imply a Short Petroleum return of 43 per cent and a Leveraged Petroleum return 
of -86 per cent. However, the simulated historical returns (before fees and adjustments and assuming 
no Market Disruption Events) were 325 per cent and -84 per cent respectively. In both cases the 
simulated historical return was better than the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. 
The opposite result occurred, for example, in 2011. The Petroleum Index experienced a return of 2 per 
cent. Multiplying this Petroleum Index return by the relevant Leverage Factor would imply a Short 
Petroleum return of -2 per cent and a Leveraged Petroleum return of 4 per cent, yet the simulated 
historical returns (before fees and adjustments and assuming no Market Disruption Events) were -45 per 
cent and -21 per cent respectively. In both cases the simulated historical return was worse than the 
Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. 
WisdomTree One Times Short Commodity Securities: Comparison of simulated historical 
annual returns versus the annual index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
WisdomTree Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities: Comparison of simulated historical 
annual returns versus the annual index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor 
 
 
WisdomTree Three Times Short Individual Securities: Comparison of simulated historic annual 
returns versus the annual index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor 
 
WisdomTree Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities: Comparison of simulated historical 
annual return versus the annual index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor 
 
 
For both Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, when comparing the simulated historical 
return (before fees and adjustments) to the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage 
Factor the results show that: 
• 
as the magnitude of the cumulative change in the Commodity Index return increases (whether 
positive or negative), the simulated historical return for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
improves relative to the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor; and 
• 
additionally, as the Commodity Index volatility increases, the simulated historical return for Short 
-60%
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Annual Index Return
Annual Index Volatility
Security return underperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
Security return outperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
-150%
-100%
-50%
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Annual Index Return
Annual Index Volatility
Security return underperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
Security return outperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
-200%
0%
200%
400%
600%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Annual Index Return
Annual Index Volatility
Security return underperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
Security return outperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
-200%
-100%
0%
100%
200%
300%
400%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Annual Index Return
Annual Index Volatility
Security return underperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor
Security return outperforms index return multiplied by Leverage Factor

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities worsens relative to the Commodity Index return multiplied 
by the Leverage Factor. 
Additionally, as the time increases, the simulated historical return for Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities worsens relative to the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor. The last 
column of Table 3, which shows that, if held over the full 10 year period, the simulated historical return 
underperformed the Commodity Index return multiplied by the Leverage Factor for every security. 
If fees and adjustments were included, the performance of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
could be higher or lower than shown, depending on whether the Capital Adjustment was positive or 
negative. 
 
Possible Early Redemption 
In the case of an extreme fall in the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security, the relevant 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Security could be Compulsorily Redeemed if (i) the Intra-day Price falls 
to or below zero or (ii) the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls below 2.5 times the 
Principal Amount and the Issuer has not obtained the sanction of Security Holders of the relevant class 
to reduce the Principal Amount by Extraordinary Resolution.  
Historical simulations show that between 3 January 2007 to 29 October 2021 the Intra-day Price of any 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Security has never reached zero, i.e. the relevant Commodity Index has 
never decreased by more than 50 per cent. in one day (in the case of Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
and nor did the Commodity Index increase by more than 100 per cent. in one day (in the case of the 
Short Commodity Securities). 
 
The Second Month Indices 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index 
Index Methodology 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index Index aims to hold the second or the third WTI Crude Oil futures 
contract on the curve. 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to tenth (inclusive) General 
Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1. 
Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index  
Calendar month 
WTI Active/ Front month futures 
contract – the active contract switch 
happens on or around 20th of each 
month 
The Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL 
Index 
Roll from 6th - 10th General Trading 
Days 
Jan 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Feb 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
Mar 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Apr 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
May 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Jun 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Jul 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Aug 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Sep 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Oct 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Nov 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Dec 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
 
The Active or Front month futures contracts refers to the contract with an expiration date that is nearest the 
current date. Since the front month will have the shortest time to expiration, it will also tend to be the most

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
liquid futures contract and will tend to be the most referred to by investors, media as a proxy for the Spot 
Price. 
The full methodology can be found at: https://assets.bbhub.io/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg-SL-
Commodity-Index-Methodology_9.17.2020.pdf.  
Historical Performance 
Figure 2: Calendar Performance of the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index  
YTD 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index 
43.04% 
-36.70% 
31.80% 
-20.54% 
2.87% 
12.05% 
Leveraged Returns 
91.06% 
-80.80% 
55.89% 
-42.81% 
-0.36% 
4.49% 
Short Returns  
-34.65% 
-12.53% -32.07% 
14.37% 
-8.34% 
-26.04% 
Volatility  
32.87% 
76.24% 
33.21% 
30.95% 
24.34% 
43.37% 
 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
Since Jan 2011  
(Annualised) 
Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil SL Index 
-42.54% 
-42.07% 
9.56% 
-11.69% 
-0.58% 
-9.40% 
Leveraged Returns  
-72.97% 
-68.36% 16.35% 
-26.97% 
-11.65% 
-30.20% 
Short Returns  
42.56% 
63.28% -11.51% 
5.97% 
-9.84% 
 
-4.80% 
Volatility  
44.63% 
23.38% 17.64% 
25.80% 
33.12% 
 
38.87% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the tables in Figure 2, Short Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the Price of the Short 
Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated by using the 
performance of the relevant index) and Leveraged Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the 
Price of the Leveraged Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated 
by using the performance of the relevant index).7 
As explained in Part 1 (General) of the Prospectus and demonstrated by worked examples shown in Part 2 
of the Prospectus (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?), the actual change 
in Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities over periods greater than one day may differ 
significantly from the product of the Index return and the Leverage Factor over such longer 
period.  Accordingly, investors should consider the relevance of the annualised performance information 
shown in Figure 2 when making any investment decisions. 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index 
 
Index Methodology 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index aims to hold the second or the third Brent Crude Oil futures contract 
on the curve. 
 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to tenth (inclusive) General 
Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index  
 
Calendar month 
Brent Active/ Front month futures 
contract – the active contract switch 
happens on or around 30th of each 
month 
The Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL 
Index 
Roll from 6th – 10th General Trading 
Days 
Jan 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
Feb 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Mar 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Apr 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
May 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Jun 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Jul 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Aug 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Sep 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Oct 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Nov 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Dec 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
 
The Active or Front month futures contracts refers to the contract with an expiration date that is nearest the 
current date. Since the front month will have the shortest time to expiration, it will also tend to be the most 
liquid futures contract and will tend to be the most referred to by investors, media as a proxy for the Spot 
Price. 
The full methodology can be found at: https://assets.bbhub.io/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg-SL-
Commodity-Index-Methodology_9.17.2020.pdf. 
 
Historical Performance 
Figure 2: Calendar Performance of the Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index 
YTD 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index 
40.44% 
-30.90% 
30.24% 
-15.81% 
12.50% 
27.36% 
Leveraged Returns  
86.26% 
-67.28% 
54.88% 
-35.14% 
19.78% 
34.68% 
Short Returns  
-32.71% 
4.30% 
-30.06% 
9.04% 
-15.80% 
-35.09% 
Volatility  
30.09% 
56.96% 
30.52% 
29.27% 
23.35% 
43.63% 
 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012       2011 
Since Jan 2011 
(Annualised) 
Bloomberg Brent Crude Oil SL Index 
-45.65% 
-48.08% 
6.88% 
8.59% 
17.44% 
-4.90% 
Leveraged Returns  
-75.44% 
-74.31% 11.23% 
12.26% 
26.50% 
-19.59% 
Short Returns  
53.18% 
84.13% -8.88% 
-12.37% 
-
21.75% 
-6.04% 
Volatility  
42.75% 
20.87% 16.30% 
22.31% 
29.08% 
33.95% 
 
In the tables in Figure 2, Short Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the Price of the Short 
Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated by using the 
performance of the relevant index) and Leveraged Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the 
Price of the Leveraged Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated 
by using the performance of the relevant index).8 
As explained in Part 1 (General) of the Prospectus and demonstrated by worked examples shown in Part 2 
of the Prospectus (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?), the actual change 
in Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities over periods greater than one day may differ 
significantly from the product of the Index return and the Leverage Factor over such longer 
period.  Accordingly, investors should consider the relevance of the annualised performance information

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
shown in Figure 2 when making any investment decisions.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
Index Methodology 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index aims to hold the second or the third Natural Gas futures contract on 
the curve. 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to tenth (inclusive) General 
Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1. 
Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
Calendar month 
Natural Gas Active/ Front month 
futures contract – the active contract 
switch happens on or around 27th of 
each month 
The Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
Roll from 6th - 10th General Trading 
Days 
Jan 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Feb 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
Mar 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Apr 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
May 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Jun 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Jul 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Aug 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Sep 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Oct 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Nov 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Dec 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
 
The Active or Front month futures contracts refers to the contract with an expiration date that is nearest the 
current date. Since the front month will have the shortest time to expiration, it will also tend to be the most 
liquid futures contract and will tend to be the most referred to by investors, media as a proxy for the Spot 
Price. 
The full methodology can be found at: https://assets.bbhub.io/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg-SL-
Commodity-Index-Methodology_9.17.2020.pdf. 
Historical Performance 
Figure 2: Calendar Performance of the Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
YTD 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
47.38% 
-34.76% -31.88% 
1.30% 
-34.11% 
6.15% 
Leveraged Returns  
104.42% -66.06% -58.05% 
-16.89% 
-61.60% 
-2.36% 
Short Returns  
-36.25% 
21.85% 
32.86% 
-19.56% 
34.85% 
-18.40% 
Volatility 
31.53% 
47.81% 
31.56% 
45.16% 
34.43% 
37.94% 
 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
Since Jan 2011 
(Annualised) 
Bloomberg Natural Gas SL Index 
-35.63% 
-31.55% 
5.44% 
-25.68% 
-44.56% 
-20.36% 
Leveraged Returns  
-64.34% 
-58.88% 2.05% 
-54.57% 
-71.96% 
-45.02% 
Short Returns  
33.79% 
28.53% -12.91% 
10.50% 
64.80% 
8.97% 
Volatility  
38.64% 
35.78% 29.24% 
44.41% 
29.90% 
38.35% 
 
In the tables in Figure 2, Short Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the Price of the Short 
Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated by using the 
performance of the relevant index) and Leveraged Returns are calculated as the percentage changes in the 
Price of the Leveraged Commodity Security in the calendar year (excluding fees and adjustments, simulated 
by using the performance of the relevant index).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
As explained in Part 1 (General) of the Prospectus and demonstrated by worked examples shown in Part 2 
of the Prospectus (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?), the actual change 
in Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities over periods greater than one day may differ 
significantly from the product of the Index return and the Leverage Factor over such longer 
period.  Accordingly, investors should consider the relevance of the annualised performance information 
shown in Figure 2 when making any investment decisions. 
Disclaimer by UBS Securities and Bloomberg 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by 
Bloomberg, UBS Securities, or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or 
any of their subsidiaries or affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the 
owners of or counterparts to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or any member of the public 
regarding the advisability of investing in securities or commodities generally or in the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities particularly. The only relationship of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their 
subsidiaries or affiliates to the Issuer is the licensing of certain trademarks, trade names and service marks 
and of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, which are determined, composed and calculated by Bloomberg 
in conjunction with UBS Securities without regard to the Issuer or the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. Bloomberg and UBS Securities have no obligation to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners 
of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities into consideration in determining, composing or 
calculating the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their 
respective subsidiaries or affiliates is responsible for, or has participated in the determination of the timing 
of, prices at, or quantities of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be issued or in the 
determination or calculation of the equation by, which the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are 
to be converted into cash. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates shall 
have any obligation or liability, including, without limitation, to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
customers, in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, UBS Securities and Bloomberg and their respective 
subsidiaries and affiliates may independently issue and/or sponsor financial products unrelated to the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities currently being issued by the Issuer, but which may be similar to and 
competitive with the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. In addition, UBS Securities and Bloomberg 
and their subsidiaries and affiliates actively trade commodities, commodity indexes and commodity futures 
(including the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Bloomberg Commodity Index Total ReturnSM), as well as 
swaps, options and derivatives which are linked to the performance of such commodities, commodity 
indexes and commodity futures. It is possible that this trading activity will affect the value of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM, and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
This Prospectus relates only to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and does not relate to the 
exchange-traded physical commodities underlying any of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components. 
Purchasers of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should not conclude that the inclusion of a 
futures contract in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is any form of investment recommendation of the 
futures contract or the underlying exchange-traded physical commodity by Bloomberg, UBS Securities or 
any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. The information in this Prospectus regarding the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM components has been derived solely from publicly available documents. None of 
Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates has made any due diligence inquiries 
with respect to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components in connection with Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates makes 
any representation that these publicly available documents or any other publicly available information 
regarding the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM components, including without limitation a description of 
factors that affect the prices of such components, are accurate or complete. 
NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES 
GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE BLOOMBERG 
COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS 
SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR 
ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS 
SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKES ANY WARRANTY, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF SHORT 
AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NONE OF 
BLOOMBERG, UUBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKES ANY 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEXSM OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR 
SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR INDIRECT, 
PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
PART 4 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The 
legally binding Conditions of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are set out in Part 7 (Trust 
Instrument and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust 
Instrument, by which Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are constituted, are available for 
inspection as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information) under the heading “Documents 
Available for Inspection”. 
 
Pricing of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
A Short and Leveraged Commodity Security entitles an Authorised Participant (subject to certain 
conditions) to require the redemption of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Security at the Price of 
that Short and Leveraged Commodity Security calculated on the relevant Pricing Day (day T) and to 
receive such amount, in US Dollars, on the Redemption Payment Date (normally day T+2). 
Short and Leveraged Individual Securities will generally be priced on each calendar day and such price 
will reflect the daily movement in the relevant Individual Commodity Index published on any Pricing Day 
and a daily Capital Adjustment. Any day on which a Market Disruption Event (or which is a Restrike 
Disruption Day, in respect of the Three Times Commodity Securities or Second Month Securities) occurs 
in respect of a class of Short or Leveraged Individual Security will not be a Pricing Day for such class, 
therefore the Price on that day will not reflect the change (if any) in the relevant Individual Commodity 
Index on such day, such change being reflected cumulatively in the Price of the Short or Leveraged 
Individual Security on the next following Pricing Day. 
Short and Leveraged Index Securities will generally be priced on each calendar day and such price will 
reflect the daily movement in the relevant Composite Commodity Index published on any Pricing Day 
and a daily Capital Adjustment, provided that an Indicative Price will be calculated in accordance with 
the Conditions on any day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a class of Short or 
Leveraged Index Security and an Indicative Price will continue to be calculated on each calendar day 
thereafter until (but not including) the next Pricing Day for such class. In the event that a Settlement 
Redemption Form in respect of a class of Short or Leveraged Index Security is received by the Issuer 
on a day on which an Indicative Price is calculated for that class of Short or Leveraged Index Security 
then the Price for such application will be determined in accordance with Condition 7.10. 
In the case of the Three Times Commodity Securities, a Restrike Event will occur if the value of the 
relevant Commodity Index falls by 25 per cent. or more over the course of a day (in the case of Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Securities) or rises by 25 per cent. or more over the course of a day (in the 
case of Three Times Short Individual Securities) on a given trading day from the last closing price or 
Restrike Index Value, as applicable. During a Restrike Event, for the purpose of calculating the Price on 
such day, a Restrike Index Value will be determined in order to provide a further level of the Commodity 
Index and the Price of the Three Times Commodity Security will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5.2A. 
The Restrike Index Value will depend on whether the Restrike Event occurred during Exchange Hours 
or Out of Hours: 
– 
During Exchange Hours – the Restrike Index Value will be the lowest value (for Three Times 
Leveraged Individual Securities) or the highest value (for Three Times Short Individual Securities) 
of the relevant Commodity Index applicable to that class that occurs during the      15 minute 
period commencing immediately following the Restrike Event; or 
– 
Out of Hours – the Restrike Index Value will be the lowest value (for Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Securities) or the highest value (for Three Times Short Individual Securities) of the 
relevant Commodity Index applicable to that class that occurs during the period from the Restrike 
Event to 15 minutes after Exchange Hours begin, 
In each case, such period being the “Restrike Index Value Determination Window”. 
A14.4.5 
A17.2.1.4(b)C 
A14.5.3.1(b)B

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
In either case, in the event that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event occurs during 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window then such period may be extended by successive 
Restrike Index Value Determination Windows until the earlier of (a) a continuous 15 minute period having 
elapsed during which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has occurred and (b) the 
end of Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading Day after the Restrike Event occurred. 
In the case of any Second Month Securities, a Restrike Event will occur if the value of the relevant 
Commodity Index (i) falls by 35 per cent. relative to the previous Restrike Index Value in the case of 
Second Month Securities which are Leveraged Individual Securities; or (ii) rises by 70 per cent. relative 
to the previous Restrike Index Value in the case of Second Month Securities which are Short Individual 
Securities on a given trading day from the last closing price or Restrike Index Value, as applicable. During 
a Restrike Event, for the purpose of calculating the Price on such day, a Restrike Index Value will be 
determined in order to provide a further level of the Commodity Index and the Price of the Second Month 
Securities will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.2A. 
The Restrike Index Value will depend on whether the Restrike Event occurred during Exchange Hours 
or Out of Hours: 
– 
During Exchange Hours – the Restrike Index Value will be the lowest value (for Second Month 
Securities which are Leveraged Individual Securities) or the highest value (for Second Month 
Securities which are Short Individual Securities) of the relevant Commodity Index applicable to 
that class that occurs during the 30 minute period commencing immediately following the Restrike 
Event; or 
– 
Out of Hours – the Restrike Index Value will be the lowest value (for Second Month Securities 
which are Leveraged Individual Securities) or the highest value (for Second Month Securities 
which are Short Individual Securities) of the relevant Commodity Index applicable to that class 
that occurs during the period from the Restrike Event to 15 minutes after Exchange Hours begin,  
In each case, such period being the “Restrike Index Value Determination Window”. 
In either case, in the event that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event occurs during the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window then such period may be extended by successive Restrike 
Index Value Determination Windows until the earlier of (a) a continuous 30 minute period having elapsed 
during which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has occurred and (b) the end of 
Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading Day after the Restrike Event occurred. 
Not all classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have the same Pricing Days (because the 
Exchanges used in calculating the Commodity Indices are different). Consequently there will be days on 
which Prices are calculated and published for some classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities but not others. 
Prices will be calculated for each Short and Leveraged Commodity Security following the end of each 
day which is a Pricing Day for that Short and Leveraged Commodity Security, and the Issuer’s 
calculations of such Prices will be posted on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
In certain circumstances the Calculation Agent may declare a day to be a Market Disruption Day for one 
or more Individual Commodity Indices or Composite Commodity Indices under the Facility Agreements 
and, if so, the mechanism described under the heading “Market Disruption Days” in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and under the headings “Applications and Redemptions — 
Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions — Redemption Processes” below will operate. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be priced and settled in US Dollars. The Individual 
Commodity Indices and Composite Commodity Indices will be those calculated and published for that 
Pricing Day. The Indices are currently published to four places of decimals. The Price will be calculated 
to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards. 
The Price for the first Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of any particular class to be issued (which 
shall be treated as being the Price for the day on which the Creation Notice (as defined in the relevant 
Facility Agreement) for the corresponding Commodity Contract is received or deemed received by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant to a Facility Agreement) will be $50.00. Thereafter the Price 
of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security will be calculated daily to reflect the movement in the 
relevant Commodity Index on each Pricing Day and a daily Capital Adjustment as follows: 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 — 1 ) } 
A17.2.1.1

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
Ii,t 
is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Security of class i for day t. If day t is not a Pricing Day for class i or (in the case of a 
Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of any class), if day t is a Restrike 
Disruption Day (on which no Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior to the 
end of Exchange Hours in respect of that Restrike Day), then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; 
Ii,t-1        is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Security of class i for day t-1.  
For a Three Times Commodity Security of any class, if day t-1 is a Restrike Day where (i) the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends 15 minutes or less 
prior to the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1 or (ii) the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends less than 15 minutes after the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t- 1, Ii,t-1 is the last Restrike Index Value on 
day t-1;  
For a Second Month Security of any class, if day t-1 is a Restrike Day where (i) the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends 30 minutes or less prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1 or (ii) the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends less than 30 minutes after the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t- 1, Ii,t-1 is the last Restrike Index Value on day t-
1; 
 
CAi,t     is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t, expressed as a decimal; and 
LFi     is the Leverage Factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For One Times Short 
Commodity Securities, LFi = -1, for Three Times Short Individual Securities, LFi = -3, for Two Times 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, LFi = +2, and for Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities, 
LFi = +3. 
No Price will be calculated for a class of Short or Leveraged Index Security for a Market Disruption 
Day or in certain other circumstances as specified in the Conditions and on any day when, in 
accordance with the Conditions, a Price is not calculated, the Conditions provide for an Indicative 
Price to be calculated instead, and once a Price can again be calculated it will be based on the 
preceding day’s Indicative Price. 
 
Pricing of Three Times Commodity Securities and Second Month Securities if Restrike Event has 
occurred 
The Price of a Three Times Commodity Security and Second Month Securities will be calculated in 
accordance with the above formula unless a Restrike Event has occurred. If day t is a Restrike Day, other 
than a Restrike Disruption Day on which no Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior 
to the end of Exchange Hours  in respect of that Restrike Day, the Price will be calculated in accordance 
with formula as follows: 
 
 
  𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1 × ൫1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖൯+ 𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1 × [൬1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅1,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
൰× ( ∏
 ቆ1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝑛𝑛−1
𝑗𝑗=1
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗+1,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡
ቇ) × ൬1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑛𝑛,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑛𝑛,𝑡𝑡൰−1]                   
 
 
 
where:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of 
class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of 
class i for the calendar day prior to day t; i refers to the relevant class of Three 
Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable day; 
 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
n 
refers to the number of Restrike Index Value Determination Windows that end 
prior to the end of Exchange Hours on day t and reference to a Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window number is n is a reference to the last occurring such 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window; 
j 
refers to the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number for each 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window ending prior to the end of Exchange 
Hours on day t. j is an integer from 1 to n-1 (inclusive); 
n-1 
∏ (formula) 
j-1 
means the product of the results of evaluating the formula for each value of j from 1 
to n-1 inclusive. If n is equal to 1, then the value of this expression shall mean 1; 
Ii,Rj,t    
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a 
Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t for 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window number is j; 
Ii,Rn,t    
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a 
Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t for 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window number is n; 
Ii,t 
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to 
a Three Times Commodity Security of class i for day t, provided that For a Three 
Times Commodity Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated Settlement 
Period on day t ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end of the Designated 
Settlement Period in respect of day t, (ii) if the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the Designated 
Settlement Period on day t ends less than 15 minutes after the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, or (iii) if day t is a Market 
Disruption Day or a Restrike Disruption Day on which at least one Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of Exchange Hours, then: 
Ii,t = Ii,Rn,t; 
For a Second Month Commodity Security, (i) if the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t ends 30 minutes or less prior to the end of 
the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, (ii) if the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t ends less than 30 minutes after the end of 
the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, or (iii) if day t is a Market 
Disruption Day or a Restrike Disruption Day on which at least one Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of Exchange Hours, then: 
Ii,t = Ii,Rn,t; 
 
Ii,t-1     
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable 
to a Three Times Commodity Security of class i for day t-1, provided that for a

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Three Times Commodity Security, (i) if the last Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, (ii) if the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends less than 15 minutes after 
the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, or (iii) if day t-1 
is a Market Disruption Day or a Restrike Disruption Day and one or more Restrike 
Index Value Determination Windows ended between the end of Exchange Hours 
on the immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of Exchange Hours on day 
t-1, then: 
Ii,t-1 = IiRn,t-1; 
For a Second Month Commodity Security, (i) if the last Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, (ii) if the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends less than 15 minutes after 
the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, or (iii) if day t-1 
is a Market Disruption Day or a Restrike Disruption Day and one or more Restrike 
Index Value Determination Windows ended between the end of Exchange Hours 
on the immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of Exchange Hours on day 
t-1, then 
Ii,t-1 = IiRn,t-1; 
 
Ii,Rn,t-1 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a 
Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of class i for day t-1 
for the Restrike Index Value Determination Window in respect of which the 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window number is n; 
CAi,t      
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t, expressed as a decimal;  
LFi 
is the leverage factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Securities, LFi  is +3, and for Three Times Short 
Individual Securities, LFi   is -3; For Second Month Securities which are Leveraged 
Individual Securities, LFi is +2; For Second Month Securities which are Short 
Individual Securities, LFi is -1; 
Ci 
is the Restrike Cost applicable to class i, expressed as a decimal. 
 
General 
For a One Times Short or Two Times Leveraged Individual Security if t-1 is not a Pricing Day then Ii,t-1 
shall be the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a One Times 
Short or Two Times Leveraged Individual Security of class i on the preceding Pricing Day. 
For a One Times Short or Two Times Leveraged Index Security, if t-1 is not a Pricing Day then Ii,t-1 shall 
be the closing settlement price level of the Composite Commodity Index applicable to a One Times Short 
or Two Times Leveraged Index Security of class i on the last day preceding day t-1 which is both a 
General Trading Day and a Trading Day for that Composite Commodity Index. 
For a Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security of any class, if t-1 is not a Pricing Day 
and one or more Restrike Index Value Determination Windows ended between the end of Exchange 
Hours on the immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of Exchange Hours on day t-1, then Ii,t-1 
shall be the Restrike Index Value in respect of the most recent Restrike Event immediately preceding 
day t. 
The Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security will never be negative. However, should the 
Calculation Agent notify the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of a corresponding class of Commodity 
Contract has fallen to or below zero at any time during any Trading Day and that such Commodity 
Contracts have been terminated then such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security will automatically

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
be subject to a Compulsory Redemption. For further details see “Compulsory Redemptions” below. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
class and the Price of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day. As 
each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in 
Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that 
class does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount: (i) by, where necessary, seeking 
the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day 
the Price of any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount 
of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the 
Price remains below such amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ 
notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that 
class. This right will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount 
such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount subject to any further fall in the Price of 
any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount. 
If the Price of a class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls below its Principal Amount, the 
Issuer may suspend Redemptions of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security and may 
terminate any such suspension (giving notice in each case via RNS announcement) for a period of   30 
days, and thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a meeting for a date 
not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary 
Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, the 
suspension to expire when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Any suspension will not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before the 
suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged on an Issuer Business Day when 
the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class is suspended will be invalid. 
If the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class is suspended at 6.30 p.m. 
on the second Issuer Business Day prior to a Compulsory Redemption Date for that class pursuant to 
the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption Event, then, notwithstanding that only some of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class were due to be redeemed as a result of the Hedging 
Disruption Event, all of such class will be redeemed. 
 
Capital Adjustment 
The Capital Adjustment for the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities is a daily rate expressed as 
a percentage, which will be as agreed from time to time by each Commodity Contract Counterparty and 
the Issuer (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). 
The Capital Adjustment may or may not be less than the rate of interest which an investor could earn by 
depositing funds in money markets at overnight rates, or by fully collateralising an investment in futures 
contracts. 
 
Authorised Participants 
Only Authorised Participants may request the Issuer to create or redeem Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, save where, as noted elsewhere in this document, on the date on which a 
Redemption Form is lodged there are no Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced that 
redemptions by Security Holders will be permitted and the Security Holder submits a notice of redemption 
in the form prescribed for such circumstances by the Issuer. A person can only be an Authorised 
Participant if it is: (a) a securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its 
absolute discretion); and (b) an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person. An 
Authorised Participant must also have entered into: (a) an Authorised Participant Agreement with the 
Issuer dealing with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the Authorised Participant in 
relation to applying for and redeeming Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and (b) a Direct 
Agreement with a Commodity Contract Counterparty, under which, amongst other things, the Authorised 
Participant and the Commodity Contract Counterparty provide undertakings to each other regarding the 
settlement of moneys payable for applications and redemptions. 
A14.5.2.1

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Authorised Participant Agreements have been entered into with ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V., Bluefin 
Europe LLP, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Jane Street Financial Limited, Merrill Lynch International, 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Susquehanna International Securities Limited, Susquehanna 
Ireland Limited, UBS AG, London Branch, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited and Optiver VOF the terms of 
which (as amended) are summarised in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if it deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant 
for credit, compliance, general business policy or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of 
such right there could at any time be no Authorised Participants. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times for the duration of the 
Programme there are at least two Authorised Participants. In the event that at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants, Security Holders will be permitted to redeem Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities respectively held by them directly from the Issuer. 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
All applications for and redemptions of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on any Pricing Day 
and the matching creation and termination of Commodity Contracts may (in the absence of a Market 
Disruption Event (and a Restrike Disruption Day, in respect of the Three Times Commodity Securities) 
and certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions) be effected using the pricing formulae 
described above (“Settlement Pricing”) which is based on Indices calculated using end of day settlement 
pricing for the various Designated Contracts. 
However, to enable Authorised Participants and Commodity Contract Counterparties to have the flexibility 
to agree, between themselves, intra-day or other pricing for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
(“Agreed Pricing”) and hence for matching Commodity Contracts, issues and redemptions may be 
effected at any price and in any amount agreed between an Authorised Participant and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty and notified to the Issuer. The rights of all other security holders to receive 
Settlement Pricing for a redemption of their Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will not be 
impacted by any Agreed Pricing. 
The application and redemption procedures to be followed by Authorised Participants, the Issuer and 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties are set out in the Authorised Participant Agreements and the 
Facility Agreement and are summarised below. These procedures may be amended at any time by 
agreement between the relevant parties. 
 
Application Processes 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be issued on the Application of an Authorised Participant 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. There is no minimum number of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities that must be applied for (but there is a Minimum Creation Amount for 
the creation of Commodity Contracts on any Pricing Day, and if that Minimum Creation Amount is not 
achieved through applications for corresponding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities by all 
Authorised Participants, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may elect that no creations of Commodity 
Contracts of that class will occur, in which case no Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that 
class will be issued). The Issuer will decline Applications if it cannot for any reason create corresponding 
Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
The Minimum Creation Amount is as follows: 
(a) 
for the Creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Short Individual Securities, 
US$50,000 (fifty thousand US Dollars) per class of Short Individual Security; or 
(b) 
for the Creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Leveraged Individual Securities, 
US$50,000 (fifty thousand US Dollars) per class of Leveraged Individual Security; 
(c) 
for the Creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Short Index Securities, 
US$100,000 (one hundred thousand US Dollars) per class of Short Index Security; or 
(d) 
for the Creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Leveraged Index Securities, 
US$100,000 (one hundred thousand US Dollars) per class of Leveraged Index Security. 
An Authorised Participant may subscribe for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using 
A17.2.1.3 
A14.5.2.2 
A14.5.1.2

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Settlement Pricing or, if agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty, using Agreed Pricing. In either 
case, Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will only be issued if corresponding Commodity 
Contracts can be created by the Issuer for the same amount. 
Application Moneys for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities must be paid by Applicants directly 
to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by the Authorised Participant making the Application, 
via CREST. Legal title to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be transferred by means of the 
CREST system and evidenced by an entry on the Register. 
Settlement of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities on issue will only be made against payment in 
CREST and only after: 
(a) 
(subject as set out under “The System” below) receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form; 
(b) 
the creation of matching Commodity Contracts; and 
(c) 
Listing in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities having become effective. 
If an Applicant does not make payment for the full amount of the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to be issued on the due date for payment or the following Business Day, the Issuer may elect 
by notice to the Applicant to cancel the Application. Alternatively the Issuer may elect to enforce against 
the relevant Applicant the obligation of that Applicant to pay for the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities applied for. 
The procedures required to be followed when making an Application depend on whether Agreed Pricing 
or Settlement Pricing is being used. 
 
Agreed Pricing 
There are no restrictions on the number of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that can be 
applied for, the time for lodging the Application or the settlement date, other than the requirement for the 
Issuer to receive the requisite signed documents from both the Authorised Participant and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty not later than two London Business Days prior to the proposed 
settlement date. 
 
Settlement Pricing 
The following procedures apply when Settlement Pricing is used in an Application: 
• 
an Application for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing may only 
be made on an Issuer Business Day; 
• 
if the day is a Pricing Day for the class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities the subject 
of a valid Application then a Price will be determined on the day of the Application; in the case of 
a Short or Leveraged Individual Security then (unless the Application is validly withdrawn) if the 
day of the Application is not a Pricing Day (because it is a Market Disruption Day for the relevant 
Individual Commodity Index), then the Application will be priced on the next Pricing Day for that 
Individual Commodity Index; in the case of a Short or Leveraged Index Security then (unless the 
Application is validly withdrawn) if the day of the Application is not a Pricing Day (because it is a 
Market Disruption Day for any of the futures contracts by reference to which the relevant 
Composite Commodity Index is calculated), the Authorised Participant Agreements (and the 
Facility Agreement in relation to the corresponding Commodity Contracts) contain provisions 
designed to determine a Price based on the value of equivalent underlying futures contract 
positions for days following the day of the Application until values can be determined for all 
equivalent underlying futures contract positions; 
• 
settlement by the Applicant will normally be due on the second London Business Day (that is, on 
a T+2 basis), after the Pricing Day on which the Price is determined; 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer after 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable 
Notice Deadline) but before 6.30 p.m. on a General Trading Day will be valid, but will be treated 
as having been received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following General Trading Day (unless the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty agrees otherwise, in which case it will be treated as 
having been received prior to 2.30 p.m. on that General Trading Day); 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer prior to 8.00 a.m. or after 6.30 p.m. on a General Trading 
Day, or on a day which is not a General Trading Day, will only be valid if the relevant Commodity

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
\\Contract Counterparty confirms to the Issuer that corresponding Commodity Contracts will be 
created notwithstanding the time of submission of the Application; 
• 
upon receipt and confirmation of a valid Application, the Issuer will send a Creation Notice to the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty creating such number of Commodity Contracts as 
correspond to the Application, and will confirm its receipt of such Creation Notice; and 
• 
following publication of the relevant Individual Commodity Indices or Composite Commodity Index, 
the Issuer will calculate the Price of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be issued 
to each Applicant and will confirm such Price with each Applicant and the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty by 12 noon on the following Business Day. 
Under each Facility Agreement, the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty is bound by the creation 
of Commodity Contracts by the Issuer on any Pricing Day for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
corresponding to those Commodity Contracts, provided that the applicable Creation Notice is lodged 
with the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the 
applicable Notice Deadline) on a General Trading Day. 
Allocation of Commodity Contracts 
Under the Trust Instrument there are no restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which 
Commodity Contracts should be created when Commodity Securities are issued, nor are there any 
restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be 
terminated. Subject as may otherwise be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and Commodity 
Contract Counterparties under the Facility Agreements and for so long as they remain in force and no 
notices (such as those referred to under the heading “Compulsory Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities)) have been given thereunder, there are no restrictions 
(other than Creation Limits and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation 
to any particular Authorised Participant) on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity 
Contracts should be created when Commodity Securities are issued, nor are there any restrictions (other 
than Redemption Limits and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation to 
any particular Authorised Participant) on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity 
Contracts should be terminated. Except in the case of Agreed Pricing, the Issuer may determine in each 
case the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
The Issuer has implemented procedures which (subject to applicable Creation Limits and Redemption 
Limits, availability of Commodity Contracts and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised Participant) are intended to have the following effects: 
• 
in a case where an application is made for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities by an 
Authorised Participant which is, or an affiliate of which is, a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
the equivalent Commodity Contracts should be entered into with that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty (and referred to as its “Firm Contracts”); and 
• 
other applications will result in the creation of “Pool Contracts” and will generally be allocated by 
the Issuer to one or other Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with policies and 
procedures agreed from time to time between them. 
The Issuer reserves the right to allocate creations or terminations of Commodity Contracts amongst 
Commodity Contract Counterparties in a manner other than as described above on a case by case or 
on a more general basis. If further additional Commodity Contract Counterparties are appointed then 
they may be appointed on a basis that they are allocated creations (and terminations) relating either to 
Firm Contracts only, or to both Pool Contracts and Firm Contracts. 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as described under the heading “Consolidation 
and Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities” below and  in  accordance  with  Condition 
18.3, the Conditions provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case where 
notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in which 
case certain other timings may apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as having 
been given in respect of the Pool to which following the division the attributable Commodity Contracts 
had been allocated. This may have the effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a valid Redemption 
Form prior to a division becoming effective will be treated following the division as owning only Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to a single Pool rather than both Pools as described 
under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities” below, and 
this could be the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Lower Credit (as defined under the heading 
“Consolidation and Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities” below) are  transferred.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Redemption Processes 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of all or any of its Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing or, if agreed with a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, using Agreed Pricing. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the redemption of any of its 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing and only if, on a General Trading 
Day, there are no Authorised Participants and the Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on 
such day. Payment on redemption to persons who are not Authorised Participants may be subject to 
their giving to the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty certain beneficial owner 
certifications to assess whether such payments should be subject to withholding or deduction for taxes. 
Payment of the Redemption Amount will be made by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, in 
respect of the termination of corresponding Commodity Contract from the Issuer, directly to the relevant 
Authorised Participant redeeming the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, via CREST. 
The procedures required to be followed when lodging a Redemption Form are the same as for making 
an Application, other than for the following procedures used for Settlement Pricing: 
• 
if a valid Redemption Form requesting Settlement Pricing is lodged with the Issuer after 8.00 a.m. 
and before 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on a General 
Trading Day, and that day is a Pricing Day for each class which is a component of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities which are the subject of the Redemption Form, the applicable 
Redemption Payment Date (on which the redemption will be settled) will be two Business    Days 
following that Pricing Day,  or such later date (being a Business Day, or if such date is   not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day) as is specified in the Redemption Form. 
• 
when Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are to be redeemed, the Issuer will terminate an 
equivalent number of Commodity Contracts, subject to the Issuer’s discretion to elect to satisfy 
Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to one or more Applicants from Security Holders seeking redemption. 
If the Price of a class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls below its Principal Amount, the 
Issuer may suspend Redemptions of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security (giving such 
notice via RNS announcement) for a period of 30 days, and thereafter provided that notice of a meeting 
has been issued convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for 
the purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal 
Amount to a level less than the Price, the suspension to expire when the meeting (or any adjournment 
thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed and makes alternative provision, in 
accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution. Any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the 
Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption 
Form lodged on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of that class is suspended will be invalid. 
Further details of the procedure relating to Redemptions are set out in the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust 
Instrument and Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) below. 
If a Counterparty Event of Default is subsisting, then Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants 
will not have a right to redeem, however the Trustee may, at its discretion and shall if so directed in 
writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of the 
last signature) of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities then outstanding or pursuant to an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a duly called meeting of the Security Holders (as a single class), the 
Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action as it 
may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deeds in respect of all Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. 
 
The System 
The Issuer has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website and has agreed provisions with 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties and certain of the Authorised Participants to enable use of such 
system in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the 
Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and 
Redemptions. 
A17.2.1.3 
 
A19.3.4.8 
 
A19.3.4.6 
A17.2.1.4(a)
B

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
It is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will be requested using the System. 
In the event of a failure in the System, Applications may be made and Redemptions may be requested 
using the forms and notices described under the headings “Applications and Redemptions – Application 
Processes”, “Applications and Redemptions – Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions 
– Redemption Processes” above and under the heading “Commodity Contracts” in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
–  
Creation Limits and Redemption Limit 
There are two separate types of Creation Limits, one a total limit and the other a daily limit, which apply 
under the Facility Agreements on each Pricing Day. These limits will not apply if waived by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty. Any redemptions will be netted against creations when applying these limits. 
 
Unless otherwise agreed by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the total limit is that Commodity 
Contracts cannot be created under the Facility Agreement with it to the extent that the Aggregate 
Outstanding Contracts Price would exceed US$7.0 billion (US$7,000,000,000). 
 
The daily limits, which are commodity-specific, are that unless otherwise agreed by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, Commodity Contracts of any particular class may not be created under the Facility 
Agreement with it if the aggregate Net Exposure to any Relevant Commodity relating to such class of all 
Commodity Contracts of any class would, for that relevant Commodity, exceed an amount equal to 
(i) for Cocoa, Gas Oil, Lead, Platinum, Tin, US$7,500,000 and (ii) for any other Relevant Commodity, 
the product of US$250,000,000 and the CIP of the Relevant Commodity, save that if the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM is subsequently calculated by reference to prices of commodities including any such 
Relevant Commodity, the limit in respect of such Relevant Commodity will be the higher of US$7.5 million 
and the product of US$250 million and the CIP of the Relevant Commodity. 
 
The Redemption Limit is also a daily limit, and also commodity-specific. It is the same amount per 
commodity as the daily Creation Limit (unless the Commodity Contract Counterparty otherwise agrees). 
 
For the purposes of the Creation Limits and Redemption Limit, Application Forms and Redemption Forms 
are dealt with in strict time priority by reference to the date and time of their receipt. 
 
The Creation Limits and Redemption Limit in a Facility Agreement may be amended by written agreement 
of the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. If they are amended, the Issuer will 
make an announcement by RIS. 
 
Compulsory Redemptions 
There are circumstances in which Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities can be compulsorily 
redeemed by the Issuer, either in whole or in part, as set out fully in the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the same 
class as any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time during 
any Trading Day and that such Commodity Contracts have been terminated then the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of such class will automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that 
day and Security Holders are unlikely in that situation to receive any proceeds as the relevant Pool is 
unlikely in these circumstances to have sufficient assets to repay Security Holders any material sums 
on such Compulsory Redemptions as the only assets available for redemption of the affected Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities will be the Commodity Contracts whose value will be zero even if the 
Price of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities subsequently increases. 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that 
a Facility Agreement is terminated) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Short or 
Leveraged Securities of a particular class. The Trustee may, at any time, where an Issuer Insolvency 
Event or Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, upon 20 Business Days’ notice 
to the Issuer, require the Issuer to redeem all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, whereupon 
the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem such Securities. 
Bloomberg may cease to publish a Commodity Index. If so, the Issuer has and may exercise the right to 
redeem all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the class relating to that Commodity Index. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security of a particular class under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that 
A14.5.2.2

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
class and the Price of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day. As 
each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security is a limited recourse security as described in 
Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each class to ensure that the Price for that 
class does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Security falling below its Principal Amount: (i) by, where necessary, seeking 
the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing Day 
the Price of any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount 
of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the 
Price remains below such amount and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ 
notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that 
class. This right will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount 
such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount subject to any further fall in the Price of 
any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or below. 
If the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer pursuant 
to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in connection therewith) 
that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation Agent of a substitute index 
value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, the Issuer may 
determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 
7.1(a) (and such Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a)). Any suspension will not affect any Redemption the 
Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption 
Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended will be invalid. The Issuer may at any 
time (upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date for all Commodity Securities of a particular class if the right to Redeem the Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a), has been so suspended for at least 30 calendar days. 
Under each Facility Agreement, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some 
or all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging 
positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the 
Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has and 
will exercise the right to redeem the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class 
corresponding to such Commodity Contracts. Where less than all of the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of a particular class are to be redeemed, the redemptions will apply to all Security Holders 
holding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class, pro rata to their holdings. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 Trading Days written notice, redeem 
any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investors, held by Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their 
status in accordance with the conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
MLI and CGML have each only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 
24 October 2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement 
on three months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide 
Commodity Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses 
to terminate its Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless 
they are replaced by Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer will 
elect to redeem some or all of the outstanding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Where a compulsory redemption occurs, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be redeemed 
will be priced in the normal way as set out in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) and will include an adjustment for interest as more fully described in the Conditions, but 
depending on the number of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be redeemed this pricing 
may occur over a period of more than one day. Details of the circumstances in which this could occur 
are set out in the Conditions. 
If at that time Security Holders other than Authorised Participants hold the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities being redeemed, the Redemption Amount payable to those Security Holders will 
be paid by the Commodity Contract Counterparties either to accounts of the Issuer secured for the benefit 
of the Security Holders of the relevant classes or to the Trustee for the benefit of such Security Holders,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
and will be paid to those Security Holders by the Issuer or the Trustee. 
 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on the issue and redemption of Short or 
leveraged Commodity Securities and not by investors who buy and sell Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities on the secondary market, including the London Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants an Application Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) 
(or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) 
for each Application, regardless of the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities being issued. 
The Issuer will also charge Authorised Participants a Redemption Fee of £500 (including any applicable 
VAT) (or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular 
occasion) for each Redemption Form, regardless of the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities being redeemed. In the event of a compulsory redemption or a Security Holder who is not an 
Authorised Participant submitting a Redemption Form in circumstances where there is no Authorised 
Participant, as described above, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the 
Issuer’s cost in satisfying such Redemption Form, including costs of enquiries under Condition 13 
(Enquiries as to status of Security Holders) and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), 
and that amount will be charged by the Issuer by way of a deduction from the redemption proceeds due 
to such Security Holder. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of 
VAT payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written 
notice to Authorised Participants and through a RIS. 
 
Right to Satisfy Applications and Redemptions by Transfer 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect to satisfy Application Forms 
and Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to one or more Applicants from the Security Holder(s) seeking redemption. For this purpose, 
a Security Holder seeking redemption will be deemed to have authorised the Issuer to transfer such 
Security Holder’s Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities as are the subject of the Redemption Form 
to a third party, on such Security Holder’s behalf, provided that the amount payable by the Authorised 
Participant shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (plus the 
Application Fee) and the amount receivable by the Security Holder shall still be the relevant Price on the 
applicable Pricing Day (less the Redemption Fee), and the relevant Redemption Payment Date will be 
the date of the transfer. 
 
Security 
All rights of the Issuer in relation to the Facility Agreements, the Commodity Contracts, the Guarantees, 
the Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, to the extent applicable to each Pool, will be the 
subject of a first-ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee under the applicable Security Deed to 
secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of Short or 
Leveraged Securities of the relevant class. 
 
The Index Substitution 
Following the passing of an extraordinary resolution of the Securities Holders in respect of the Second 
Month Securities of each class on 21 October 2020, and the giving by the Issuer of notice by an RNS 
announcement on 4 November 2020, the Issuer effected the substitution (the “Index Substitution”) of 
the Individual Commodity Index previously applicable to that class by the Second Month Index specified 
in the table below. 
A14.5.3.1(c)C 
A14.4.6

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Class of Second Month Securities 
Second Month Index 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg  WTI Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BCLSLER) 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg  WTI Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BCLSLER) 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg  Natural Gas SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BNGSLER) 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg  Natural Gas SL Index (BBG Index ticker: 
BNGSLER) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
Individual Securities 
Bloomberg  Brent Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index 
ticker: BCOSLER) 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual 
Securities 
Bloomberg  Brent Crude Oil SL Index (BBG Index 
ticker: BCOSLER) 
The Second Month Indices are described under the heading “Second Month Indices”) in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family). 
 
Consolidation and Division of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might wish to effect a consolidation or division of a particular 
class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security. 
For example, if a class of Short Individual Security was backed by corresponding Commodity Contracts 
from two or more different Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them (the “Lower Credit”) 
had, for example, a significant credit rating downgrade, it may be necessary or desirable, in order to 
ensure that the value of the Short Individual Securities reflects the value of the relevant commodity futures 
contract, for the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit to be excluded from that class. This could 
be effected by the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit being transferred into a new Pool and 
the Issuer creating and issuing new Short Commodity Securities secured by that new Pool on a one-for- 
one basis with the Price for both classes being adjusted accordingly. Investors of the affected class would 
then hold two Short Commodity Securities for each one they held previously and the Price would be split 
between the two. For example, if the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit comprised 30 per cent. 
of the aggregated number of Commodity Contracts in the Pool then the Price following the division would 
be 70 per cent. of the Price prior to the division for the old class and 30 per cent. for the new class. 
The Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to effect either a consolidation or division 
and to allocate Commodity Contracts into a new Pool representing a new class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, and need not obtain Listing for any such new class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. The Issuer will only take such action if it believes it is in the interest of the affected 
Security Holders to do so.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
PART 5 
 
DESCRIPTION OF FACILITY AGREEMENTS AND COMMODITY CONTRACTS 
All Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be backed by corresponding Commodity Contracts 
with corresponding terms. Each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities has a corresponding 
class of Commodity Contract. Each time Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued or 
redeemed the Issuer will create or terminate corresponding Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the 
number and classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in question. Commodity Contracts 
will be created and terminated by the Issuer under a Facility Agreement with a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has Facility Agreements in force with MLI and CGML. 
As the Issuer is a special purpose company, whose only assets attributable to Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will be rights under the Facility Agreements and the Commodity Contracts, the 
Security Agreements and the Guarantees, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations upon redemption 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be wholly dependent on its ability to receive payment 
on termination of Commodity Contracts from the Commodity Contract Counterparties or from BAC (in 
the case of MLI) or CGMH (in the case of CGML) under the applicable Guarantee or the realisation of 
Collateral under the applicable Security Agreement and Control Agreement. The Facility Agreements, 
the Commodity Contracts provided thereunder, the Security Agreements, the BAC Guarantee and the 
Citigroup Guarantee have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and are each governed 
by English law, except the Security Agreements, which are governed by New York Law. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements 
impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and 
Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
 
Facility Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the Facility Agreements with MLI and with CGML under which the Issuer 
can create and terminate on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption 
Limits and certain other conditions, any class of Commodity Contracts. The Facility Agreements run until 
at least the tenth anniversary of 24 October 2017, subject in each case to earlier termination in 
accordance therewith, and as more fully described below. The Issuer hopes to procure an increase in 
the total number of Commodity Contracts available from the Commodity Contract Counterparties in the 
event that demand for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities necessitates such additional capacity. 
The Facility Agreements may each be terminated by the Commodity Contract Counterparty on three 
months’ notice (simultaneously with the relevant Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) or by not 
less than two Business Days’ notice following the occurrence of an event of default in respect of the 
Issuer, provided that the event of default was not caused by a breach by the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty of its obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement. Other termination rights in favour 
of the Commodity Contract Counterparties include on the occurrence of a material adverse change (which 
itself includes a change in tax law). 
Each of the Facility Agreements may be terminated by the Issuer by not less than two Business Days’ 
notice following the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, provided that the same was not caused by a breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under the relevant Facility Agreement or by any Authorised Participant under the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement, on not less than 30 days’ notice if the Commodity Contract Counterparty gives a 
notice that a withholding or deduction is or may be required from payments to be made by it under United 
States law and upon 30 days’ notice in respect of any one or more classes of Commodity Contracts if all 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of such classes are to be redeemed. The Issuer may also 
terminate a Facility Agreement at any time upon giving not less than three months’ notice. 
Each of the Commodity Contract Counterparties may elect to amend its Facility Agreement if the Issuer 
enters into a Facility Agreement with another Commodity Contract Counterparty to substantially conform 
its Facility Agreement to that new Facility Agreement and for this purpose the consent of the Trustee will 
not be required. 
A19.2.2.3 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.4 
A19.2.2.5 
A19.2.2.7 
A19.2.2.12 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.3 
A17.2.1.2 
A14.4.9(a)C 
 
A17.2.1.2

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Under the Facility Agreements the Issuer may appoint Commodity Contract Counterparties in its sole 
discretion, save that if any then existing Commodity Contract Counterparty considers in its reasonable 
belief and acting in good faith that such proposed new Commodity Contract Counterparty should not be 
appointed for credit, operational, reputational or any other reasonable reasons (other than on grounds 
of competition) and so notifies the Issuer giving reasons within ten Business Days, such appointments 
may not become effective. 
The CGML Facility Agreement is substantially on the same terms as the MLI Facility Agreement, save 
that: 
• 
MLI will act as Calculation Agent as referred to under the headings “Calculation Agency 
Agreement” and “Calculation Agent” below for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement, as 
well as under the MLI Facility Agreement; 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
a new Calculation Agent, which (save in the case of an interim Calculation Agent) is or will be a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty selected by the Issuer, shall be appointed to act as Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement; and 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement 
following an Insolvency Event in relation to MLI or certain breaches thereof, MLI shall cease to 
act as Calculation Agent under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agent appointed 
for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement shall be appointed to act as Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of the MLI Facility Agreement. 
The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other Facility Agreements with other Commodity Contract 
Counterparties. MLI will (save as referred to in relation to the CGML Facility Agreement above and under 
the heading “Calculation Agency Agreement” below) act as Calculation Agent under any other such 
Facility Agreement. Other Facility Agreements may not be on the same terms as the MLI Facility 
Agreement or the CGML Facility Agreement. It is not the Issuer’s intention to enter into Facility 
Agreements for the purpose of spreading counterparty risk. In the event that the Issuer enters into a 
Facility Agreement with a new Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer will include in a 
supplementary prospectus such information relating to that new Commodity Contract Counterparty of 
which it is aware or is able to ascertain from information published by such new Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, as is required by Annex 19 of the Commission Delegated Regulation of 14 March 2019 
(2019/980/EC). 
 
BAC Guarantee 
MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations thereunder 
and any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the MLI Facility Agreement have the benefit of credit 
support provided by BAC. In fulfilment of that requirement, BAC has entered into the BAC Guarantee. 
The principal provisions of the BAC Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
BAC unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the prompt payment of any and all obligations 
and liabilities of MLI under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement 
and the MLI Control Agreement including, in case of default, interest on any amount due, when 
and as the same shall become due and payable, whether on the scheduled payment dates, at 
maturity, upon declaration of termination or otherwise, after giving effect to any applicable notice 
requirement or grace period and, at all times, in accordance with the terms of that Agreement. 
• 
In the event that MLI fails to make any payment under such agreements when due after giving 
effect to any applicable notice requirement and grace period, BAC agrees to make such 
payment, or cause any such payment to be made, promptly upon receipt of written demand 
from the Issuer to BAC; provided that delay by the Issuer in giving such demand shall in no 
event affect BAC’s obligations under the BAC Guarantee. 
• 
BAC agrees that its obligations under the BAC Guarantee will be unconditional, irrespective of 
(i) the validity, regularity or enforceability (except as may result from any applicable statute of 
limitations) of the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control Agreement, 
(ii) the absence of any action to enforce the same, (iii) any waiver or consent by the Issuer 
concerning any provisions thereof, (iv) the rendering of any judgment against MLI or any action 
A19.3.4.2

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
to enforce the same or (v) any other circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or 
equitable discharge of a guarantor or a defense of a guarantor, other than defense of payment. 
• 
BAC agrees that the BAC Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete payment of 
the amounts payable under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI 
Control Agreement. 
• 
BAC shall not be required to pay, or otherwise be liable to, the Issuer for any consequential, 
indirect or punitive damages (including, but not limited to, opportunity costs or lost profits). 
• 
The BAC Guarantee is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the 
State of New York as applicable to contracts or instruments made and to be performed therein. 
• 
The BAC Guarantee may be terminated by BAC at any time by written notice to the Issuer by 
BAC, effective ten business days following receipt of such written notice by the Issuer or at 
such later date as may be specified in such written notice, but will continue in full force and 
effect with respect to any obligation of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security 
Agreement and MLI Control Agreement entered into prior to the effectiveness of such written 
notice of termination. 
 
Citigroup Guarantee 
CGML is required under the terms of the CGML Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations 
thereunder and any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the CGML Facility Agreement have the 
benefit of credit support provided by CGMH. In fulfilment of that requirement, CGMH has entered into 
the Citigroup Guarantee. The principal provisions of the Citigroup Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
CGMH absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the due and 
punctual payment of all amounts payable (“Obligations”) by CGML under the CGML Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement (together the 
“Relevant Agreements”), whether secured or unsecured, joint or several all without regard to 
any counterclaim, set-off, deduction or defence of any kind which CGMH may have or assert, 
and without abatement, suspension, deferment or diminution on account of any event or 
condition whatsoever; provided, however, that CGMH will be entitled to exercise or assert, as 
the case may be, any right, claim or defence that is available to CGML. 
• 
The Issuer may at any time and from time to time, either before or after the maturity thereof, 
without notice to or further consent of CGMH, change the time, manner or place of payment or 
any other term of, any Obligation, exchange, release, fail to perfect or surrender any collateral 
for, or renew or change any term of any of the Obligations owing to it, and may also enter into 
a written agreement with CGML or with any other party to any of the Relevant Agreements or 
person liable on any Obligation, or interested therein, for the extension, renewal, payment, 
compromise, modification, waiver, discharge or release thereof, in whole or in part, without 
impairing or affecting the Citigroup Guarantee. 
• 
Except as referred to above, the obligations of CGMH under the Citigroup Guarantee are 
unconditional, irrespective of (i) the lack of value, genuineness, validity, or enforceability of the 
Obligations, (ii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction or any other similar event affecting 
the term of any Obligation or of the Issuer’s rights with respect thereto and (iii) to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, (a) any law, rule or policy that is now or hereafter 
promulgated by any governmental authority (including any central bank) or regulatory body 
that may adversely affect CGML’s ability or obligation to make or receive such payments, (b) 
any nationalisation, expropriation, war, riot, civil commotion or other similar event, (c) any 
inability to convert any currency into the currency of payment of such obligation, and (d) any 
inability to transfer funds in the currency of payment of such obligation to the place of payment 
therefor. 
• 
CGMH waives demands, promptness, diligence and all notices that may be required by law or 
to perfect the Issuer’s rights under the Citigroup Guarantee except notice to CGMH of a default 
by CGML under the Relevant Agreements, provided, however, that any delay in the delivery of 
notice will in no way invalidate the enforceability of the Citigroup Guarantee. No failure, delay

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
or single or partial exercise by the Issuer of its rights or remedies thereunder will operate as a 
waiver of such rights or remedies. 
• 
CGMH will not be required to pay or be liable to the Issuer for any consequential, indirect or 
punitive damages, opportunity costs or lost profits. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of New York. CGMH irrevocably consents to, for the purposes of any proceeding 
arising out of the Citigroup Guarantee, the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of 
New York and the United States District Court located in the borough of Manhattan in New York 
City. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee will remain in full force and effect until such time as it may be revoked 
by CGMH by written notice given to the Issuer, such notice to be deemed effective upon receipt 
thereof by the Issuer or at such later date as may be specified in such notice; provided, 
however, that such revocation will not limit or terminate the Citigroup Guarantee in respect of 
any Obligations of the Issuer under the Relevant Agreements which shall have been entered 
into prior to the effectiveness of such revocation. 
 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, CGML and MLI have entered into the Calculation Agency Agreement pursuant to which MLI 
will act as Calculation Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement. The Calculation Agency 
Agreement contains customary exculpatory terms including provisions that neither the Trustee nor any 
holder or potential holder of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be entitled to rely as against 
the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation Agent and that no duty will be owed by 
the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any holder or potential holder of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in connection with any such determination. 
The Calculation Agency Agreement will terminate automatically on the termination of either the CGML 
Facility Agreement or the MLI Facility Agreement and upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with 
respect to MLI. The Issuer and CGML may together terminate MLI’s appointment as calculation agent 
upon not less than 45 days’ written notice and either may do so earlier on certain breach events. MLI will 
be entitled to resign as calculation agent upon not less than 45 days’ written notice if at the time of giving 
such notice there are no, and have not for 30 days been any, Commodity Contracts outstanding under 
the MLI Facility Agreement or the MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement. If MLI’s role as 
calculation agent is terminated (other than by the Issuer and CGML together absent such breach events) 
its role as calculation agent under the MLI Facility Agreement will also terminate. Where MLI’s role as 
calculation agent is terminated, the Issuer must identify and appoint a replacement calculation agent 
(being a Commodity Contract Counterparty). 
 
Security Agreements and Control Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the MLI Security Agreement (which was entered into in relation to and 
supplements the MLI Facility Agreement and the MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) and 
the CGML Security Agreement (which was entered into in relation to and supplements the CGML Facility 
Agreement and the CGML Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) under which MLI and CGML 
(respectively) have agreed to provide Collateral in respect of their Collateral Exposure at any time. The 
Collateral Exposure applicable to a Commodity Contract Counterparty is calculated each Business Day 
by both the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty and is verified between the parties each 
Business Day.  
The Issuer has also entered into the MLI Control Agreement with MLI and The Bank of New York Mellon 
(as Securities Intermediary) and the CGML Control Agreement with CGML and The Bank of New York 
Mellon (as Securities Intermediary). Under the terms of the Security Agreements and the Control 
Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post the Collateral to the Collateral 
Account in its name at the Securities Intermediary. 
Under the terms of the Control Agreements, the Securities Intermediary may (in certain circumstances) 
utilise depositaries and sub-custodians in connection with its duties under the Control Agreements. 
A19.2.2.6 
A19.2.2.8 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.3.4.2 
A19.3.8

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Provision of Collateral by the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
Each Business Day in respect of each Commodity Contract Counterparty the Securities Intermediary is 
required to calculate the value (in accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control Agreement 
described in more detail below) of the Collateral in the relevant Collateral Account as at the close of 
business (New York time) on the previous Business Day and each Commodity Contract Counterparty 
must report the Collateral Exposure calculated as at close of business on the immediately preceding 
Business Day. Under the Security Agreements and Control Agreements, MLI and CGML (respectively) 
are required to transfer to its Collateral Account securities and obligations to the value (taking into account 
the value of Eligible Collateral (as described below) already credited to such account) of the Issuer’s 
total exposure to MLI or CGML (as applicable) under (inter alia) the fully paid Commodity Contracts 
between the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty at the close of business on the 
immediately preceding Business Day. If on any Business Day the aggregate value of the Collateral in 
the relevant Collateral Account is greater than such exposure, then the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty may request that the Securities Intermediary transfers Collateral from the Collateral Account 
to another account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty’s choosing and such transferred 
Collateral will no longer form part of the Collateral for the purposes of the relevant Security Agreement. 
The Securities Intermediary may not permit a Commodity Contract Counterparty to transfer assets out 
of a Collateral Account (i) such that the total value of Collateral in the Collateral Account would equal 
less than such exposure, or (ii) without the Issuer’s consent. For these purposes references to the “value” 
of the Collateral constitute references to the value thereof determined by the Securities Intermediary in 
accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control Agreements described in more detail below. 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, the Issuer may take control of 
the Collateral Account and any Collateral in the Collateral Account in certain circumstances including if 
a Collateral Account Control Event has occurred. This includes, in summary, situations where (i) a 
Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty (not caused 
by a breach by the Issuer) has occurred, (ii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has failed to 
transfer Collateral to the relevant Collateral Account when due and such failure continues for two 
Business Days, (iii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty fails to comply with or perform any 
other provisions of or obligations under the relevant Security Agreement on a continuing basis, or (iv) 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty becomes insolvent. 
 
Description of Collateral 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty may only transfer 
“Eligible Collateral” into its Collateral Account. For these purposes Eligible Collateral means: 
(A) 
Cash invested in government or treasury Eligible Money Market Funds denominated in US 
Dollars with a minimum long term credit rating of AAA by S&P or Aaa by Moody’s; 
(B) 
Cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible 
Money Market Funds) denominated in US Dollars with a minimum long term credit rating of 
AAA by S&P or Aaa by Moody’s; 
(C) 
stripped or unstripped publicly traded debt securities: 
(i) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. Department of Treasury with a 
minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(ii) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, a U.S. government agency (other than 
the U.S. Department of Treasury) whose obligations are fully guaranteed by the full 
faith and credit of the U.S. government and with a minimum long term issuer rating 
of AA by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(iii) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the European Central Bank or an Eligible Sovereign 
Entity (other than Japan and USA) and with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA 
by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(iv) 
issued by, or a stripped or unstripped publicly traded asset-backed debt securities 
fully guaranteed by, a U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise that is operating with 
capital support or another form of direct financial assistance received from the U.S. 
government that enables the repayments of the U.S. Government-sponsored 
A19.2.2.6 
A19.2.2.8

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
enterprise’s eligible securities, with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, 
Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; or 
(v) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, an Eligible Sovereign Entity being Japan with a 
minimum long term issuer rating of A- by S&P, A3 by Moody’s or A- by Fitch; 
(D) 
a debt security that is issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the Bank for International 
Settlements, the International Monetary Fund, or a multilateral development bank agreed 
by the Issuer including the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, The 
European Investment Bank, Council Of Europe Development Bank, The Asian Development 
Bank and The Inter-American Development Bank, in each case with a minimum long term 
issuer rating of AAA by S&P, Aaa by Moody’s or AAA by Fitch; or 
(E) 
Eligible Equities, 
provided that, inter alia: 
(a) 
the following may not be Eligible Collateral: 
(i) 
securities issued by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or the Issuer or 
any affiliate of either; 
(ii) 
securities issued by (inter alia) a bank holding company, a savings and loan holding 
company, a U.S. intermediate holding company established or designated for certain 
specified purposes, a non-U.S. bank, a depository institution or a market intermediary 
or certain affiliates of any of the foregoing; 
(iii) 
securities issued by a nonbank financial institution supervised by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act; or 
(iv) 
Securities from GICS Sector 40 – Financial (Equity) and BICS Sector – Financials 
(Fixed Income); 
(b) 
the inclusion of such collateral security does not cause a breach of the Issuer Concentration 
Limits or the Jurisdiction Limits set out below; 
(c) 
with respect to any bond or obligation which requires a minimum bond rating, if an issuer 
has long-term issuer ratings from each of Moody’s and S&P, the lower of the two ratings of 
such bond or obligation satisfies the minimum bond rating; 
(d) 
with respect to equities, that such equity is a member of one of the indices set out in the 
Collateral Schedule to the relevant Security Agreement (or American depository receipts or 
global depository receipts whose underlying common or preferred shares are constituents 
of and such index); provided that any such equities will only constitute Eligible Collateral 
where the issuer of such equity also appears on the S&P 500 index or the S&P 1500 
Composite index; 
(e) 
the inclusion of such security would not cause the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty or the Issuer to breach applicable minimum regulatory requirements relating 
to the posting or collection of collateral (including, without limitation, as set out in the CFTC’s 
Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants, 
81 FR 636 (Jan 6, 2016)); and 
(f) 
with respect to any bond or equity, that if and for so long as daily market pricing has 
remained unavailable to the Securities Intermediary for a period of three Business Days, 
such bond or equity shall not be treated as Eligible Collateral.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Issuer Concentration Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means that with respect to: 
(a) 
Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible Money Market 
Funds) denominated in US Dollars of such Collateral Account of any one issuer may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than of 25 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Collateral in respect 
of such Collateral Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with Eligible Money Market Funds issued by other issuers, constitute 
more than 75 per cent. of the aggregate value of the collateral in respect of such 
Collateral Account; and 
(iii) 
when taken with shares or units of the same Eligible Money Market Fund held in any 
other Collateral Account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, constitute 
more than 20 per cent. in issue size of the outstanding shares or units of class or 
aggregate net asset value of the relevant Eligible Money Market Fund; 
(b) 
the Eligible Equities of any one issuer held in that Collateral Account may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than 3.3 per cent. of the Eligible Collateral in respect of such 
Collateral Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral 
Account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 2.5 
per cent. of the aggregate issued and outstanding share capital of that issuer (based 
on free float market capitalisation); and 
(iii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral 
Account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 100 
per cent. of the 30 day average daily volume of such Eligible Equities as determined 
by the Securities Intermediary; and 
“Jurisdiction Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means, with respect to any relevant jurisdiction, 
the maximum percentage of the value of all Collateral in respect of such Collateral Account that may be 
constituted of securities of issuers domiciled in such jurisdiction, and with respect to: 
(a) 
the United States where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national bonds, government 
agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 100 per cent. and (y) the relevant Collateral 
constitutes Eligible Equities, 75 per cent.; 
(b) 
France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom where (x) the relevant Collateral 
constitutes national bonds, government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 50 
per cent. and (y) the relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 25 per cent.; 
(c) 
any other jurisdiction, authority or agency, where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes 
national bonds, government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 25 per cent. 
and (y) the relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 10 per cent.; and 
(d) 
where Eligible Equities constitute a “Pan-European” index, there shall be a look-through to 
the jurisdictions of the underlying constituents for the purposes of determining the 
Jurisdiction Limit. 
For the purpose of valuing the collateral in the Collateral Account the Securities Intermediary will multiply 
the sum of the values of what it determines to be the market value of each asset of a particular type by 
the following percentages (subject in each case to an additional haircut of 8 per cent. of such market 
values in respect of any form of Eligible Collateral if the currency in which such Eligible Collateral is

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
denominated is not one of US Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Swiss Francs, Japanese yen, Canadian Dollars, 
Swedish Krona, Norwegian Krone, New Zealand Dollars or Australian Dollars): 
(i) 
for cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds described in paragraph (A) or paragraph 
(B) of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set 
out below: 
 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(ii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) (inclusive) of paragraph (C), or 
falling within paragraph (D), of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable 
valuation percentage set out below: 
 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(iii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraph (v) of paragraph (C) of the definition of 
“Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set out below: 
 
Remaining Months to Maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
94% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
92% 
MTM > 60 
90% 
(iv) 
for any Eligible Equities, either 85 per cent. or 75 per cent. depending on the particular index 
to which such Eligible Equity belongs. 
The Issuer will arrange for a breakdown of the Collateral posted by the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties (which will not be broken down by Collateral Account or by Commodity Contract 
Counterparty) to be made available at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
As a result of changes in the regulation of over-the-counter derivative contracts, MLI and CGML as 
Commodity Contract Counterparties are subject to an obligation in relation to their Commodity Contracts 
to post and collect variation margin, complying with specific requirements as to eligibility and subject to 
certain “haircuts”. The CGML Security Agreement and the MLI Security Agreement therefore include 
provisions to comply with these requirements. 
Although MLI and CGML are subject to a technical requirement to collect variation margin in relation to 
Commodity Contracts prior to payment therefor, MLI and CGML acknowledge in their respective Facility 
Agreements that payment of a Creation Amount in respect of any Commodity Contract (whether by 
payment in cash or by set-off) will extinguish any requirement of the Issuer to provide variation margin 
and agree that any failure to provide such variation margin will not constitute a breach of the Facility 
Agreement. The only remedy available to MLI or CGML (as the case may be) for a failure to provide 
such variation margin (which can only arise due to a failure by an Authorised Participant to make payment 
of the Creation Amount in respect of the equivalent Commodity Security) will be the termination of the 
relevant Commodity Contract for which payment has not been made. In such event (and without prejudice 
to any payments that may be required to be made between the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and Authorised Participant pursuant to a Direct Agreement), the relevant Commodity 
Securities applied for will not be issued. 
 
Commodity Contracts 
120 classes of Commodity Contracts are available under the Facility Agreements to be created by the 
Issuer, corresponding to the 120 classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Where an Authorised Participant has agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty the pricing for the 
issue or redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and the creation or termination of the 
A19.2.1 
A19.2.2.1 
A19.2.2.12 
A19.2.2.14 
A19.2.2.7 
A19.3.3 
A17.2.1.1

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
corresponding Commodity Contracts (“Agreed Pricing”) the Issuer will create or terminate Commodity 
Contracts at that pricing, but otherwise the creation or termination price per Commodity Contract will be 
the Price of the corresponding Short or Leveraged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day 
(“Settlement Pricing”). 
Whenever Settlement Pricing is used: 
• 
upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form or Redemption Form, the Issuer will send 
to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty a Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice 
(together with a copy of the applicable Application Form or Redemption Form, as the case may 
be) creating or terminating, as the case may be, an equivalent number of Commodity Contracts 
corresponding to the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which are the subject of the 
Application Form or Redemption Form; and 
• 
within 30 minutes of the Notice Deadline (or, if later, within 30 minutes of any Creation Notice or 
Cancellation Notice having been sent by the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty), the Issuer will contact the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by telephone 
to seek confirmation of acceptance by it of such Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice. The 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty will confirm such Creation Notice or Cancellation 
Notice provided that it complies with certain formalities (set out in the Facility Agreement) as to 
form, quantum, procedure, timing and substance. 
As referred to under the heading “Applications and Redemptions – The System” in Part 4 (Description 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling 
Authorised Participants to make Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website 
and has agreed provisions with the Commodity Contract Counterparties and certain of the Authorised 
Participants to enable use of such system in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required 
by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes 
of such Applications and Redemptions. It is expected that all Applications will be made and all 
Redemptions will be requested using this system. 
 
Separate Pools 
All Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the same class will have recourse only to the Secured 
Property of the Pool attributable to that class and not to the Secured Property of any Pool attributable to 
any other class. The principal assets to be included in each Pool are the Commodity Contracts of that 
class with MLI and CGML, the rights of the Issuer under the Facility Agreements for that class, and the 
rights in respect of that class of Commodity Contracts under the Security Agreements, the Control 
Agreements and the Guarantees. The Issuer may issue other types of commodity securities, based on 
different prices or having some other different characteristics, but any such securities will have recourse 
only to the Secured Property of the Pool attributable to such new type and not to the assets attributable 
to any other type. 
 
Corresponding Terms of Commodity Contracts with Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Whenever Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed, the Issuer will always 
create or terminate corresponding Commodity Contracts of the corresponding class(es) as those Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Payment for the issue of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and for the creation of Commodity 
Contracts will be made by an Authorised Participant directly to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, via CREST. Payment on the redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities will 
be made by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, in respect of the termination of the 
corresponding Commodity Contracts by the Issuer, directly to the Authorised Participant redeeming the 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, via CREST, subject to certain set-off arrangements in respect 
of creation amounts due and unpaid by the Authorised Participant in relation to the issue of Short or 
Leveraged Securities. 
Unless Agreed Pricing is used, the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity Contracts 
is always determined in the same manner as the Price on the applicable Pricing Day for the 
corresponding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which are applied for or redeemed. Under 
the Facility Agreements, a Market Disruption Day is determined in the same manner as the determination 
of a Market Disruption Day under the Programme. Accordingly, any day that is a Market Disruption Day 
A19.2.2.14 
 
A19.3.4.1●

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
for the purposes of a Facility Agreement is also a Market Disruption Day for the purposes of the 
Programme. Commodity Contracts have no equivalent of a Principal Amount. 
If Agreed Pricing is used to determine the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity 
Contracts, the same Agreed Pricing applies to the corresponding Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities which are applied for or redeemed. 
Consequently, save in the event of a compulsory redemption in the circumstances described in the risk 
factors entitled “Realisation of Collateral” and “Enforcement by the Trustee” above, the amounts payable 
between Authorised Participants and the Issuer on the issue or redemption of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities (other than Application Fees and Redemption Fees which are payable by 
Authorised Participants to the Issuer and save where the Principal Amount of a class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities exceeds its Price) will always be identical to the amounts payable 
between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty on the creation and termination of the 
corresponding Commodity Contracts. 
 
Elections 
Upon an Application Form being lodged for new Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities: 
• 
the Issuer will only issue new Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities if it can create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement; and 
• 
the Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy such Application by the transfer of the 
appropriate number and class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities from one or more 
Security Holders seeking redemption. In that event, to the extent of the number and class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities transferred, no new Commodity Contracts will be created. 
 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee, together with the Licence Allowance, will be reflected in the daily adjustments to 
the Capital Adjustment. The Management Fee and the Licence Allowance will be paid by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties to the Issuer. 
No other cash payments are settled between the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. 
The net amounts payable on creation or termination of Commodity Contracts are paid directly between 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant which is applying for or 
redeeming the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, via CREST. 
 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Facility Agreement and each other Facility Agreement that may be entered into 
with other Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
MLI has four separate roles as Calculation Agent, as follows: 
(a) 
MLI will determine the existence of a Market Disruption Event in respect of any Individual 
Commodity Index or Composite Commodity Index or commodity in connection with a Commodity 
Index; 
(b) 
if a Commodity Index is not calculated and/or published and a substitute value is required to be 
calculated and published pursuant to the Facility Agreement, MLI will calculate a substitute value 
for that Commodity Index in accordance with the Facility Agreement; 
(c) 
MLI will make the determinations of the Calculation Agent expressly contemplated in the definition 
of “Intra-day Price” for the purposes of Condition 8.8 (Compulsory Redemption when Intra-day 
Price falls to zero); and 
(d) 
MLI will make the determinations of the Calculation Agent expressly contemplated in the definitions 
of “Exchange Index Value”, “Out-of-Hours Index Value”, “Restrike Index Value” and “Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window”. 
In acting as Calculation Agent, MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement and the 
Calculation Agency Agreement to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in 
A17.2.1.1 
A19.3.4.1(a)A 
A19.3.2 
 
A19.3.7

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
accordance with its obligations under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement. 
Subject to those requirements, the calculations of the Calculation Agent are final and conclusive in the 
absence of manifest error. 
If MLI, as Calculation Agent, considers that any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation 
Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency Agreement in 
respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a notice to that 
effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer should it 
subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly burdensome), in 
which event: 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under 
the Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of the relevant class by 
Settlement Pricing; and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a substitute 
index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract Counterparty, such 
approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days (or such shorter or 
longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not 
within 75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or 
appointed a replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the 
Issuer may elect by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity 
Contracts be cancelled on not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be redeemed). 
The Issuer may provide copies of determinations notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under a 
Facility Agreement to the Trustee (but no other person) and/or notify the Trustee (and any other persons) 
of such determinations by the Calculation Agent, but in each case on the express basis that they are for 
information purposes only; neither the Trustee nor any actual or potential Security Holder can rely as 
against the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation Agent; and no duty is owed by 
the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any actual or potential Security Holder.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
PART 6 
 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Overview of the Programme 
The rights attached to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are summarised in Part 4 (Description 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities), Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts), Part 6 (The Programme) and Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities). 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only 
to Authorised Participants. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities (except that a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may request 
redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which it holds in the event that on any given 
Trading Day there are no Authorised Participants, or as may be announced by the Issuer from time to 
time in accordance with the conditions) and such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on 
such day. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form; or in 
Uncertificated Form in the CREST System. See “CREST” below. 
 
Passporting 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authority in Austria, the 
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in 
Belgium, the Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers (Financial Services and Markets Authority), 
the competent authority in Denmark, the Finanstilsynet (Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent 
authority in Finland, the Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent 
authority in France, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the 
competent authority in Germany, the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (Financial Sector Supervisory Commission), the competent authority in the 
Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent 
authority in Spain, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Commission), the 
competent authority in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) and the competent 
authority in Norway, the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian Financial Supervision Authority), with certificates of 
approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA member states 
with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such member states or for 
admission to trading of all or any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on a regulated market 
therein or both. 
 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected Ireland as 
its Home Member State for the purposes of the Transparency Directive. 
 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply 
for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance 
with the instructions thereon and send it to the Issuer. As described under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities), the Issuer has 
implemented the System for enabling Authorised Participants to make Applications and request 
Redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required 
by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes 
of such Applications and Redemptions. It is expected that all Applications will be made and all 
Redemptions will be requested using this system. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in Certificated Form, 
certificates in respect of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business 
Days of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities being issued. For those Applicants who desire to 
hold their Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant CREST account 
A14.5.1.1 
A14.5.2.1 
A14.4.3(a)A 
 
A14.6.2

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
will be credited on the day on which the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued against 
payment. The Issuer considers it preferable that Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities be held in 
Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to 
issue any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in Certificated Form. In normal circumstances this 
right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure or breakdown of CREST (or any 
part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities and/or systems operated by the Registrar in connection with 
CREST. This right may also be exercised if the correct details (such as participant ID and member account 
details) are not provided as requested on the Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be 
issued and, pending despatch of security certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System 
the Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) 
no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for 
any information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(d) 
it understands that Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are direct, limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer alone; and 
(e) 
it understands that the obligations of the Issuer under Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
are not guaranteed by MLI, BAC or any other member of the BAC Group or CGML, CGMH or any 
other member of the Citigroup Group or any other Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities). 
 
Subscription for Commodity Securities 
All Application Moneys for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities must be paid through CREST in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Application Form. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of which the Application has been made will not 
be issued unless the Commodity Contracts created and to be paid for with the Application Moneys for 
that Application are in force. 
 
Listing 
The One Times Short Commodity Securities and the Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities 
currently in issue (other than the BG Securities) were admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) on 12 June 2008. 
The WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short  Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Brent Crude 
Oil 2x Daily Leveraged  Individual Securities have been listed on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of  the  Frankfurt  Stock  Exchange  (Frankfurter  
Wertpapierbörse)  since 14 March 2012. 
On 26 May 2015, certain classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities were delisted from the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that were delisted 
from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange are as follows: 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Industrial Metal 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily 
Leveraged 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
A14.5.1.5 
 
A14.6.2

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short 
 
The Issuer reserves the right to apply for the re-listing of any class of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. 
The following Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on Euronext 
Amsterdam since 4 September 2014. 
One Times Short Individual Securities 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities  
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
The following Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the ETFplus 
market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., a Regulated Market since 26 May 2009: 
One Times Short Individual Securities 
One Times Short Index Securities  
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily 
Short 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily 
Short 
 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
 
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short 
 
 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
Two Times Leveraged Index Securities  
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x Daily 
Leveraged 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily 
Leveraged 
 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
The WisdomTree Brent Crude 1x Daily Short Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Brent Crude 2x 
Daily Leveraged Individual Securities have been listed on the ETFplus Market of the Borsa Italiana since 
30 August 2012. 
The following Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the ETFplus 
market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A., since 2 November 2015: 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Short 
AXX(XII)
.6.2C

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
All other classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities currently in issue (other than the BG 
Securities) have been admitted to listing on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana since 9 January 
2012. 
The following Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange since 23 November 2015: 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Short 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Leveraged 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged 
 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and 
trading on a regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and 
investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
there. 
The Issuer may also make an application for certain additional classes of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange, the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) the ETF plus market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A and/or NYSE 
Euronext Amsterdam. 
 
Consolidation 
The following Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities were consolidated on 13 May 2016: 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Securities 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Securities 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged) Securities WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged) 
Securities WisdomTree Petroleum 2x Daily Leveraged (Securities WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily 
Leveraged) Securities 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the following classes were redeemed compulsorily 
on 26 September 2019. 
 
One Times Short Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Aluminium Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Cocoa Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Coffee Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Corn Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Cotton Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Gasoline Individual Securities

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Heating Oil Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Lead Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Lean Hogs Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Live Cattle Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Platinum Individual Securities  
ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybean Oil Individual Securities  
ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybeans Individual Securities  
ETFS 1x Daily Short Sugar Individual Securities  
ETFS 1x Daily Short Tin Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Wheat Individual Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Zinc Individual Securities 
One Times Short Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Agriculture Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Energy Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Ex-Energy Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Grains Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Livestock Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Petroleum Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Precious Metals Index Securities 
ETFS 1x Daily Short Softs Index Securities 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Cotton Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Gasoline Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Grains Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Heating Oil Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Lead Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Lean Hogs Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Live Cattle Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybean Oil Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybeans Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Tin Individual Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Zinc Individual Securities 
Two Times Leveraged Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long All Commodities Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Energy Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Ex-Energy Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Industrial Metal Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Livestock Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Precious Metals Index Securities 
ETFS 2x Daily Long Softs Index Securities 
Three Times Short Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Coffee Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Copper Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Gold Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Natural Gas Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Silver Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Sugar Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short Wheat Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Short WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Long Copper Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Long Gold Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Long Natural Gas Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Long Silver Individual Securities 
ETFS 3x Daily Long WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities 
The Issuer reserves the right to re-issue Short and Commodity Securities of the same classes (as 
renamed pursuant to the nineteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019) with the same or 
different Principal Amount and with the same or different ISIN and this Prospectus applies to any such

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
reissued classes. 
Settlement 
CREST Euroclear and ESES 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are participating 
securities in, CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities 
(including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such 
securities electronically with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will take place within the CREST system. 
ESES is an integrated settlement platform, managed by Euroclear, enabling market participants in the 
Euronext markets of Belgium, France and the Netherlands to process all fixed income, equity and other 
domestic securities transactions with the same platform. With ESES, cross-border transactions between 
counterparties in Belgium, France and the Netherlands are processed as domestic transactions. As a 
result, Euroclear is eliminating in those ESES markets the complexities, risks and excess costs of specific 
cross-border transactions. 
 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
 
Collective Safe Custody  
For the purpose of good delivery of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange, as at the date of this Prospectus, Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (“Clearstream”) 
will issue, for each class and the relevant number of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, a 
Global Bearer Certificate (each a “Global Bearer Certificate”) in the German language created under 
German law (“Collective Safe Custody”). The Global Bearer Certificates will have the following German 
ISIN Codes: 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
ISIN 
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XT2 
 WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9YF9 
WisdomTree Coffee 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XU0 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XV8 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XW6 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XX4 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XY2 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9XZ9 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X09 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X17 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9YC6 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X25 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X33 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X41 
WisdomTree Nickel 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9X58 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
DE000AOV9YD4 
 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
ISIN 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9X66 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9X74 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9X82 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9X90 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9YE2  
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short 
AXX(XII).4.1.12B 
AXX(XII).5.1.5C

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
DE000AOV9YA0 
WisdomTree Zinc 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9YB8 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XH7 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XJ3 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XK1 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XL9 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XM7 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XN5 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XP0 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XQ8 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XR6 
WisdomTree Softs 1x Daily Short 
 
DE000AOV9XS4 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YS2 
WisdomTree Cocoa 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9ZE9 
WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YT0 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YU8 
WisdomTree Corn 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YV6 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YW4 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000A2BDEB6 
WisdomTree Gasoline 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YY0 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9YZ7 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
 
DE000AOV9Y08 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate 
ISIN 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9ZB5 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y16 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y24 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000A2BDED2 
WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000A2BDEC4 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9ZC3 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y57 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y65 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y73 
WisdomTree Sugar 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9Y81 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9ZD1 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000A2BDEA8 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9ZA7

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YG7 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YH5 
WisdomTree Energy 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YJ1 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YK9 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YL7 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YM5 
WisdomTree Livestock 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YN3 
WisdomTree Petroleum 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YP8 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YQ6 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged 
DE000AOV9YR4 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set out 
in Part 10 (Global Bearer Certificates) and the definitive German language text is annexed hereto in 
Annexes 1 and 2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and class of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities will be registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England 
(the “Nominee”) in the relevant Register of Security Holders and credited to a separate safe custody 
account of Clearstream with Citibank N.A., London, England (the “Custodian”). The safe custody account 
assigned to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (the “Safe Custody Account”) of each class 
will be designated “Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream) — Special Safe Custody 
Account for WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities Global Bearer Certificate —” 
followed by the name of the class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security concerned as set out in 
Annex 2. 
In accordance with the conditions governing each Global Bearer Certificate: 
• 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him, in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders of the number and class of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities corresponding to his co-ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer 
Certificate of the same class; and 
• 
any registered holder of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of any relevant class will be 
entitled, at his expense, to have his Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities delivered to the 
Custodian for crediting to the Safe Custody Account against a corresponding co-ownership share 
in the Global Bearer Certificate. 
Whenever the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities represented by the Global Bearer 
Certificate of any class changes (as a result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, 
withdrawals from the Safe Custody Account or issues or redemptions of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities), Clearstream will amend the relevant Global Bearer Certificate accordingly. 
Non-Collective Safe Custody  
For the purpose of good delivery of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt stock 
exchange, settlement and delivery may also take place through Clearstream and a chain of custodians. 
Security Holders will receive a credit in securities account (Gutschrift in Wertpapierrechnung) for the 
securities in their securities account with the respective custodian bank. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as 
fractional rights and entitlements are concerned. 
 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream 
to the respective co-owners. Any subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream 
at the disposal of HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG (the “Bank”). Upon the request of the Bank, 
Clearstream will give instructions to the Custodian for the exercise, purchase or sale of such subscription 
rights, other rights or fractional rights. In case of any flow of cash amounts resulting out of such 
transactions, Clearstream will without delay inform the Bank by fax of the net proceeds or the net costs, 
respectively, and the related value date. The net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, must be credited 
or debited to the Bank’s cash account with Clearstream or as otherwise agreed between Clearstream

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
and the Bank. 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany. Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking 
Act and licensed as the German Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit 
Act, i.e. a professional depository that holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions among them through electronic book-entry transfers between their 
accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of the securities. Clearstream also 
provides other services to its customers, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement 
of internationally-traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are 
worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany.  
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities remain 
outstanding, copies of this Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the 
summary thereto and all financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the 
Issuer pursuant to the applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, 
and a copy of the documents referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank. 
 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus Market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
All Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the 
Register in the name of Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. For those persons, Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (“Italian 
sub-register”). All Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible 
for settlement through the normal Monte Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened 
with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Market makers and other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted 
to transfer securities between the Register and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers 
applicable to other markets to which the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be admitted 
to trading, and thereby be able to move securities between the London Stock Exchange, such other 
markets and Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
held through Monte Titoli S.p.A., the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. (or such nominee) as the single 
security holder of such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the holders recorded in the 
Italian sub-register must look to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to receive any and all entitlements under such Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
 
UCITS and CIS 
The Issuer has received legal advice that Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities do not constitute 
units in a collective investment scheme. The Issuer has also received legal advice that the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities and do not give rise 
to an investment in precious metals or constitute certificates representing precious metals and are 
therefore capable of being eligible investments for a UCITS Scheme. Prospective investing UCITS 
Schemes would need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with their investment objectives and comply with 
relevant parts of the FCA Handbook. 
 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/ or

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
any subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be required. The anti- money 
laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification 
of the identity of the Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form, or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from 
time to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds 
(Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti- 
money laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as 
is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Application Form or order, or, at the absolute discretion 
of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money 
Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds 
(Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Registrar shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities will be specified in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be paid to a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty as part of the process of creating Commodity Contracts.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
PART 7 
 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the Issuer (each having the Principal 
Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) having an aggregate Principal 
Amount of up to US$1,000,000,000, of any of the classes described in this Prospectus (other than the 
BG Securities), was authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 24 January 2008 and 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 8 
February 2008, as amended by supplemental trust instruments dated 8 October 2008, 11 December 
2008, 29 June 2009, 7 August 2009, 13 January 2010, 14 March 2011, 22 December 2011, 26 January 
2012, 14 December 2012, 23 June 2014, 13 November 2014, 23 January 2015, 3 July 2015, 16 
October 2015, 12 April 2016, 8 March 2017, 29 June 2017 and 26 January 2018, 14 May 2019, 31 
July 2019, 21 May 2020, 22 June 2020 and 21 October 2020 (together, the “Trust Instrument” which 
expression includes further deeds or documents supplemental thereto from time to time), which is 
governed by Jersey law between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the 
“Trustee”) (as amended) and in each case secured by a security deed governed by English Law 
between the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended. 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all 
or any of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions in respect of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities upon such terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee 
may in the interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of BG Securities of any class of the Issuer (each having the 
Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) was authorised pursuant to 
a resolution by the Board passed on 8 December 2011 and such securities of each class are constituted 
by the Trust Instrument and in each case secured by a security deed relating to the relevant Pool 
governed by English law dated 8 December 2011 between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of Three Times Commodity Securities of any class of the 
Issuer (each having a Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) was 
authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 30 September 2015 and such securities of 
each class are constituted by the Trust Instrument and in each case secured by a security deed relating 
to the relevant Pool governed by English law dated 16 October 2015 between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
The Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered 
office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 
1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the 
Trust Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any 
loss arising by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including 
fraud, wilful misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language, however, information on how 
the terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including 
Part 1 (General) and Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). The conditions 
of issue of each type of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
Please note that the use of the term “Official List” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be 
read as a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this Prospectus under the heading 
“Definitions and Interpretation”. 
Please also note that the use of the term “Listing” in this extract from the Trust Investment refers to the 
admission of such class to the UK Official List and the admission to trading of such class on the London 
Stock Exchange. 
The following are the Conditions applicable to all types of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities: 
 
“The Conditions 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A14.4.5 
A14.4.12 
A19.1.3 
A14.4.7 
A19.2.2.1 
A14.4.2 
A14.5.1.1 
A14.4.13 
A14.4.11 
 
A14.4.2

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities 
of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have 
the benefit of, a trust instrument dated 8 February 2008 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the holders of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as 
amended by a supplemental trust instrument dated 8 October 2008, a second supplemental trust 
instrument dated 11 December 2008, a third supplemental trust instrument dated 29 June 2009, a fourth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 7  August  2009,  a  fifth  supplemental  trust  instrument  dated 13 
January 2010, a sixth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 March 2011, a seventh supplemental trust 
instrument dated 22 December 2011, an eighth supplemental trust instrument dated 26 January 2012, 
a ninth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 December 2012, a tenth Supplemental Trust Instrument 
dated 23 June 2014, an eleventh Supplemental Trust Instrument dated 13 November 2014, a twelfth 
Supplemental Trust Instrument dated 23 January 2015, a thirteenth Supplemental Trust Instrument 
dated 3 July 2015, a fourteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 16 October 2015, a fifteenth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 12 April 2016, a sixteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 8 
March 2017, a seventeenth Supplemental Trust Instrument dated 29 June 2017, an eighteenth 
supplemental trust dated 26 January 2018, a nineteenth supplemental trust dated 14 May 2019, a 
twentieth supplemental trust dated 31 July 2019, a twenty first supplemental trust instrument dated 21 
May 2020, a twenty-second supplemental trust instrument dated 22 June 2020 and a twenty-third 
supplemental trust instrument dated 21 October 2020, governed by Jersey law. 
The Security Holders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deeds (each as defined below) 
and the Conditions set out below. 
 
1. 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
Acceptable Credit Rating means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from 
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any 
successor to the ratings business thereof), and of at least Baa1 from Moody’s Investors Service 
Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business thereof); 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with that person; and for this purpose, control of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person; 
Agreed Pricing has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(b); 
Agreed Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer 
requesting Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using Agreed Pricing; 
Applicable Date means the date of the fourteenth supplemental trust instrument between the 
Issuer and the Trustee expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Instrument; 
Authorised Participant means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and (except 
in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer) has entered into a corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, and which is not an Unacceptable Authorised Participant in 
respect of that Commodity Contract Counterparty, provided that no person shall be an Authorised 
Participant in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty unless and until the Security 
Conditions (if any) with respect to the Authorised Participant and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty shall have been satisfied and provided further that a person can be an Authorised 
Participant in respect of one Commodity Contract Counterparty but not another; 
Authorised Participant Agreement means a written agreement between the Issuer and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution 
agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
and if such agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been 
satisfied; 
Bloomberg means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the Affiliate of either of 
them;

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM means the index family known as the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM calculated and published by Bloomberg, formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS 
Commodity IndexSM; 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New York; 
Calculation Agent means the person from time to time appointed by the Issuer and each 
Commodity Contract Counterparty for the purposes referred to in Condition 14; 
Capital Adjustment means an adjustment factor to be included in the calculation of the Price 
which is agreed from time to time by a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer; 
Certificated or Certificated Form means not in Uncertificated Form; 
CGML means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales with number 01763297 whose registered office is situated at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England and includes its successors and 
assignees; 
CIP means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook from time to time; 
class means a class of Short Commodity Securities or Leveraged Commodity Securities under 
which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment, and the corresponding class of Commodity 
Contracts under which any Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations to make payment, are 
determined by reference to a particular Commodity Index; 
Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreements means the agreements entitled “Facility 
Agreement relating to Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and 
different persons defined for the purposes of the Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument as 
Commodity Contract Counterparties providing for the creation and termination of Commodity 
Contracts (as defined for the purposes of the Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument), including 
such an agreement (the “MLI Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement”) between the 
Issuer and MLI and such an agreement (the “CGML Classic and Longer Dated Facility 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
Classic and Longer Dated Securities means the securities of the Issuer known as Classic and 
Longer Dated Securities constituted by the Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument; 
Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument means the trust instrument between the Issuer and 
the Trustee dated 21 September 2006 as amended as at the date of the Trust Instrument and as 
may be amended further from time to time; 
Collateral means all Posted Collateral as defined in any Security Agreement to the extent 
attributable to the obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under a Facility Agreement; 
Commodity Contract means in relation to Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of a 
particular class, a contract between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty created 
in accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to matching rights and obligations to such 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities; 
Commodity Contract Counterparty means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with the 
Issuer and, for so long as the MLI Facility Agreement remains in force, includes MLI and, for so 
long as the CGML Facility Agreement remains in force, includes CGML; 
Commodity Contract Termination means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement; 
Commodity Index means an Individual Commodity Index or a Composite Commodity Index, as 
appropriate, and “Commodity Indices” means all of them and in relation to a class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities (and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts) means 
the Commodity Index specified in relation to such class in the Sixth Schedule (Classes of Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
Composite Commodity Index means an index for a group of commodities (which may change 
from time to time with respect to such index), as calculated and published by Bloomberg from time

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
to time; 
Compulsory Daily Pricing Number means, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a class 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, the number of outstanding Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of the relevant class which, in relation to each Pricing Day on which Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class are required to be priced under the relevant 
Facility Agreement, shall be: 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each case 
for the class), the Compulsory Redemption Number; 
(b) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is equal to or more than five times the Redemption 
Limit, 20 per cent. of the Compulsory Redemption Number; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the amount shall be the Redemption Limit on the first and on each consecutive 
Pricing Day thereafter except on the last Pricing Day when the amount shall be the 
Compulsory Redemption Number minus the sum of the Compulsory Number Priced on 
each preceding Pricing Day for that class in relation to that Compulsory Redemption; 
Compulsory Number Priced means in respect of a Pricing Day and a class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number; provided that where the Compulsory 
Redemption Date is notified in accordance with Condition 8.6 the Compulsory Number Priced in 
respect of a class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities for any Pricing Day shall be 
reduced by the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class which are subject 
to a Redemption Form submitted in respect of that Pricing Day and, if such reduction would result 
in a negative number, that negative number shall be carried forward and applied to reduce the 
Compulsory Number Priced for the next following Pricing Day and any negative number on the 
last Pricing Day will be ignored; 
Compulsory Redemption means a Redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in 
accordance with Condition 8.13; 
Compulsory Redemption Date means a date notified in accordance with Conditions 8.1, 8.2, 
8.5, 8.6, 8.7, 8.8 or 8.9; 
Compulsory Redemption Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption Date and a 
class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, where such Compulsory Redemption Date is 
notified in accordance with: 
(a) 
Conditions 8.1, 8.2, 8.7 or 8.8, the total number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
of that class outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the 
Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
Condition 8.5, provided that the Commodity Index relates to that class, the total number of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class outstanding as at the end of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(c) 
Condition 8.6, the number of that class of outstanding Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in respect of which notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with  Condition 
8.6 (unless Condition 7.18(d) applies, in which case it means all the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of that class outstanding as at the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date); and 
(d) 
Condition 8.9, the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class in 
respect of which notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8.9 with 
respect to the Security Holder in question; 
Conditions means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are issued; 
Control Agreement means in relation to any Security Agreement the Control Agreement as 
defined in such Security Agreement; 
Controller means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his shareholdings in such company; 
A9.7.1

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of 
his voting power in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
the parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company by virtue of his voting rights; 
Counterparty Event of Default means: 
(a) 
the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make a payment it is due to make 
in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination in accordance with the relevant Facility 
Agreement, where such failure is not rectified within five Business Days following the day 
on which the Commodity Contract Counterparty receives notice of the failure sent by the 
Issuer, or being in any other breach of the Facility Agreement provided that such breach (if 
capable of being rectified) is not rectified within (5) five Business Days of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty receiving written notice from the Issuer of such breach; 
(b) 
any Guarantor failing to pay an amount due under the relevant Guarantee, when due; 
(c) 
any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor suffering an Insolvency Event; or 
(d) 
the expiration or termination of any Guarantee (other than where a replacement guarantee 
(or other form of credit support) acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee in their sole 
discretion is provided to the Issuer in lieu of a Guarantee upon or prior to such expiration or 
termination) or the failing or ceasing of a Guarantee to be in full force and effect for the 
purpose of the relevant Facility Agreement, in each case other than in accordance with its 
terms, prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under 
the Facility Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and without the written consent of 
the Issuer (and this paragraph (d) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any replacement 
guarantee (or other form of credit support)); 
(e) 
in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a party with the Issuer to a Classic 
and Longer Dated Facility Agreement, a Counterparty Default (as defined in such Classic 
and Longer Dated Facility Agreement) shall have occurred under such Classic and Longer 
Dated Facility Agreement; or 
(f) 
in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a party with the Issuer to a Security 
Agreement, the occurrence of any Security Agreement Event falling within the definition of 
Counterparty Default in the relevant Facility Agreement; 
CREST means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in 
Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; 
Default Rate means a rate per annum of interest equal to LIBOR plus 2 per cent., compounding 
daily; 
Defaulted Obligation means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect 
of the Redemption of any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities when due, and such failure 
is not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same provided that if 
the amount paid by a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement 
in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination as a result of such Redemption is subject to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof 
having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental 
revenue authority) then in effect, and that Commodity Contract Counterparty is not obliged under 
that Facility Agreement to make any additional payment in respect of the withholding or deduction 
and the net amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that Redemption,

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation; 
Designated Settlement Period means, in respect of any futures contract, the period in respect 
of which the Settlement Price for that futures contract (or in the case of any futures contract the 
Relevant Exchange for which is the London Metal Exchange, the LME Closing Price for that futures 
contract) is determined in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Exchange, and in respect of 
any class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security and a Full Trading Day 
in respect of that class, means the Designated Settlement Period on that Full Trading Day for the 
futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which the applicable Individual 
Commodity Index is calculated; 
Direct Agreement means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an 
Authorised Participant; 
Exchange Hours means, in respect of a Three Times Commodity Security of any class and a Full 
Trading Day for that class, the period commencing at 8.30 a.m. (New York time) on that Full 
Trading Day and ending at the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of that class 
on that Full Trading Day and, in respect of a Second Month Security and a Full Trading Day for 
that class, the period commencing at 9.00 a.m. (London time) on that Full Trading Day and ending 
at the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of that class on that Full Trading Day; 
Exchange Index Value means, in respect of a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second 
Month Security of any class at any time during Exchange Hours on a Full Trading Day for that 
class, the value of that Individual Commodity Index published by Bloomberg in respect of such time 
or, in relation to any time during the time interval between times in respect of which a value of that 
Individual Commodity Index is so published by Bloomberg, such value of that Individual 
Commodity Index as may be calculated by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more 
Facility Agreements, provided that (i) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for such 
purposes that such published value is incorrect or if the value of such Individual Commodity Index 
is not so published, the Calculation Agent is required instead to use for such purposes a substitute 
value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the Calculation Agent using the 
most recently reported (at the time for which such substitute value is to be calculated) prices for the 
futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which that Individual Commodity Index is 
calculated, (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines for such purposes that as the result of a material 
trading disruption or anomaly the value of any futures contract used in calculating such published 
value manifestly does not reflect a fair value for that futures contract having regard to the principles 
set out in Condition 14.3, the Calculation Agent is required instead to determine for such purposes 
the fair market value for such futures contract having regard to the principles set out in Condition 
14.3 and to calculate the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using such 
fair market values; and (iii) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of 
one or more Facility Agreements that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has 
occurred with respect to any relevant futures contract, the Calculation Agent is required instead 
for such purposes to use the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using the most recently reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, 
that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event and using a fair 
market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in Condition 14.3 for the relevant 
commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event, and 
in each case the Exchange Index Value shall be as so determined by the Calculation Agent for 
such purposes; 
Extraordinary Resolution means in respect of one or more classes of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or classes duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in the Trust Instrument and carried by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. in number of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or, if a poll 
is duly demanded, by a majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or classes voting on such 
poll or (b) a resolution in writing of holders of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of 
such class or classes holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of such class or classes; 
Facility Agreements means the agreements entitled “Facility Agreement relating to Short and

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Leveraged Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and different Commodity Contract 
Counterparties providing for the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts thereunder 
including such an agreement (the “MLI Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and 
such an agreement (the “CGML Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom; 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000; 
Funding Rate means a rate per annum of interest equal to LIBOR, compounding daily; 
Further Securities means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18.1; 
Full Trading Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a day which is both a Trading Day for such 
Individual Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a futures contract the settlement price of which is included in the calculation of 
an Individual Commodity Index, a day which is both a Trading Day for such futures contract 
and a General Trading Day; and 
(c) 
for a commodity in connection with an Individual Commodity Index (or a class of Three 
Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security), a day which is both a Trading Day 
for such commodity and a General Trading Day; 
General Notice means any notice given in accordance with these Conditions other than a Pricing 
Notice; 
General Trading Day means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to time (and 
meaning as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on which the sum of the CIPs for those 
Index Commodities that are open for trading is greater than 50 per cent.” where “Index 
Commodities” has the meaning given to it in the Handbook); 
General Trading Session means, in respect of an Individual Commodity Index and a General 
Trading Day which is a Trading Day for such Individual Commodity Index, any and all exchange 
initiated trading sessions (either electronic or on the floor pit) with respect to the commodity the 
Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used in calculating the Individual 
Commodity Index which commence at the end of Exchange Hours on the previous General Trading 
Day and end at the end of Exchange Hours on such General Trading Day which is a Trading Day 
for such Individual Commodity Index; 
Guarantee means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantee or other 
credit support agreement provided by a guarantor or other credit support provider in respect of 
such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar 
as it relates to the relevant Pool; 
Guarantor means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantor or other 
credit support provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of such Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the relevant 
Pool; 
Handbook means the document called “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family” which sets out the methodology for calculation of the DJ-UBS CISM prepared and as 
amended from time to time by Dow Jones and UBS Securities, a copy of which, as at the 
Applicable Date, can be obtained from the following address: http://www.bloombergindexes.com 
and includes the document entitled “Index Methodology –Bloomberg SL Commodity Indices” 
prepared and as amended, varied, supplemented or replaced from time to time by Bloomberg; 
Hedging Disruption Event means an event, circumstance or cause that a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would reasonably be expected 
to have a materially adverse effect on that Commodity Contract Counterparty’s ability to hedge its 
positions in connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the relevant 
class, including, without limitation, any limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, 
establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any hedging 
transaction in connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
each case whether due to market illiquidity, position limits in respect of any futures contract, 
illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory instrument, lack of availability of 
hedging transaction market participants or the occurrence or existence of any other circumstance 
or event; 
Indicative Price means, in respect of a particular class of Short or Leveraged Index Security on 
a calendar day, the value calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5; 
Individual Commodity Index means an index for an individual commodity (as adjusted through 
the addition or removal of other Individual Commodity Indices) as calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time; 
Insolvency Event means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person (1) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; (4) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or 
petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (7) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the 
events specified in clauses (1) to (7) (inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; 
Intra-day Price means at any time (a) between 8.00 a.m. and 2.30 p.m. New York Time on a 
Trading Day in respect of a One Times Short Commodity Contract or a Two Times Leveraged  
Commodity Contract other than a Second Month Security, (b) at any time on a Trading Day in 
respect of a Second Month Security or (c) during the General Trading Session in respect of a 
Trading Day in respect of a Three Times Commodity Contract, the Price, calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5, using as Ii,t the most recent value of the relevant Commodity Index published as 
of such time by Bloomberg provided, that (i) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that 
such published value is incorrect, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the 
relevant Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the futures 
contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which that Commodity Index is calculated (in 
whole or in part), (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that as the result of a material trading 
disruption or anomaly the value of any futures contract used in calculating such published value 
manifestly does not reflect a fair market value for that futures contract having regard to the 
principles in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3, the Calculation Agent shall instead 
determine fair market values for such futures contracts having regard to the principles in the 
Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3 and calculate a special value of the relevant 
Commodity Index calculated using such fair market values and (iii) if the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred with respect to any applicable 
futures contract, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Commodity 
Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, 
that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event and using a fair market value determined in 
accordance with the principles set out in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 14.3 for the 
relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event and provided further in 
the case of a Second Month Contract that if at the time when the Intra-day Price is determined, 
there is no real time publication by Bloomberg of the value of the relevant Commodity Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated 
using those prices most recently reported on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts by 
reference to the prices of which that Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part);

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the U.S.; 
Issuer means WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, a company incorporated and registered 
in Jersey with registered number 90959; 
Issuer Business Day means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London Business 
Day; 
Issuer Insolvency Event means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made 
against it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) 
(Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) (inclusive); or (10) takes any 
action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the 
foregoing acts; provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer shall constitute 
an Issuer Insolvency Event save where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of clauses (1) 
to (9) and are taken in respect of security taken over Commodity Contracts, a Facility Agreement 
or a Guarantee; 
Issuer’s 
Website 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ or such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders 
and the Trustee by RIS announcement; 
Jersey means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands; 
Lead Future means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, 
the particular futures contract which is the “Lead Future” or “Lead Contract” (as defined in the 
Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity 
comprised in a Composite Commodity Index but which is not the subject of an Individual 
Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Lead Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Composite 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day; 
Leverage Factor means with respect to each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
the number specified in Condition 5; 
Leveraged Commodity Security means a Two Times Leveraged Individual Security, a Two Times 
Leveraged Index Security or a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security; 
Leveraged Index Security means a Two Times Leveraged Index Security; 
Leveraged Individual Security means a Two Times Leveraged Individual Security or a Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Security; 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgement, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of Taxes (as defined 
in the Trust Instrument) and including any VAT or similar Tax (as so defined) charged or chargeable 
in respect thereof and legal and professional fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and 
Liabilities shall be construed accordingly;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
LIBOR means, in respect of any date of determination: 
(a) 
the rate for overnight deposits in U.S. Dollars which appears on the Reuters LIBOR01 page 
(or any successor page) as of 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business Days 
preceding such date of determination; or 
(b) 
in the event of the unavailability of the Reuters LIBOR01 page (or any successor page), 
the rate for such determination date will be determined on the basis of the rates at which 
deposits in US Dollars are offered by four major banks in the London interbank market 
(“Reference Banks”) at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business 
Days preceding the relevant determination date to prime banks in the London interbank 
market for overnight deposits commencing on that date and in an amount (a 
“Representative Amount”) that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. The Issuer will request the principal London office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are 
provided, the rate for such date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than 
two quotations are provided as requested, the rate for such determination date will be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such determination date for loans in 
US Dollars to leading European banks for overnight deposits commencing on the 
determination date and in a Representative Amount; 
Listing means the admission of a particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
the Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and admission of a particular class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed 
securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one 
such market) becoming effective; 
Listing Failure means the refusal of the UK Listing Authority to admit to the Official List any Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
Listing Failure Date means the day which was or would have been the date on which payment 
would have been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant to the terms of the relevant Facility 
Agreement corresponding to the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of which a 
Listing Failure has occurred; 
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority from time to time, made under 
section 73A of the FSMA; 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are 
open for the transaction of general business in London; 
London Stock Exchange means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities 
(or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such 
market), as the context may require; 
Market Disruption Day means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day 
for that Individual Commodity Index on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is 
continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant Exchange for that Individual Commodity 
Index; 
(ii) 
in respect of a Composite Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day 
in respect of each futures contract by reference to the Settlement Price for which that 
Composite Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part) but on which a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant Exchange 
for any such futures contract; 
(iii) 
in respect of a futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation 
of a Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for that futures 
contract and on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant 
Market on the Relevant Exchange on which that futures contract is traded; or 
(iv) 
in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities), a Market Disruption Day for a futures contract in respect

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
of that commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of that 
Commodity Index (or the Commodity Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities); 
Market Disruption Event means: 
(a) 
in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index, any of the following events: 
(i) 
the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or publish the relevant 
Settlement Price(s); or 
(ii) 
the termination or suspension of, or material limitation or disruption in the trading of, 
any Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of an Individual Commodity 
Index; or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of the 
Individual Commodity Index reflects the maximum permitted price change (as set 
from time to time by the Relevant Exchange for that Lead Future or Next Future) from 
the previous day’s Settlement Price; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Commodity Index means any event described  in  paragraphs 
(a)(i), (ii) or (iii) of this definition in relation to any futures contract the Settlement Price for 
which is included in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index (and, for such 
purposes, references in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead Future 
or Next Future used in the calculation of an Individual Commodity Index” shall be construed, 
in relation to a commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, as references to 
the Lead Future or Next Future with respect to that commodity the Settlement Price of which 
is used in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index); and 
(c) 
in respect of a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or a class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities), any event described in sub-paragraph (a)(i), (ii) or (iii) 
of this definition in relation to the futures contract in respect of that commodity the Settlement 
Price of which is included in the calculation of that Commodity Index (or the Commodity 
Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) (and, for such 
purposes, references in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (iii) of this definition to “any Lead Future 
or Next Future used in the calculation of an Individual Commodity Index” shall be construed, 
in relation to such commodity, as references to the Lead Future or Next Future with respect 
to that commodity used in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index (or the 
Commodity Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities)), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements; 
MLI means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and registered in England and 
Wales with number 2312079 whose registered office is situated at 2 King Edward Street, London 
EC1A 1HQ, England and includes its successors and assignees; 
month means calendar month; 
New York Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are 
open for the transaction of general business in New York; 
Next Future means (a) for an Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, 
the particular futures contract which is the “Next Future” or “Next Contract” (as defined in the 
Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index on that Trading Day and (b) for a commodity 
comprised in a Composite Commodity Index but which is not the subject of an Individual 
Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the particular futures contract which is 
the “Next Future” (as defined in the Handbook) for that commodity in relation to that Composite 
Commodity Index on that Trading Day; 
Notice Deadline means, on a General Trading Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such other time 
determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular General Trading Day or 
generally; 
Official List means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part VI 
of FSMA;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
One Times Short Commodity Securities means One Times Short Index Securities and One 
Times Short Individual Securities; 
One Times Short Index Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of a class 
specified as such in Part B of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) 
to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant Register; 
One Times Short Individual Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of a 
class specified as such in Part A of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant 
Register; 
Out-of-Hours means, in respect of a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security 
of any class and a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class, that part or parts of the General Trading Session in respect of that General 
Trading Day and that Individual Commodity Index (including any part or parts of such General 
Trading Session falling on a day which is not a General Trading Day or a day which is not a Trading 
Day for such Individual Commodity Index) other than the Exchange Hours in respect of that class 
and that General Trading Day; 
Out-of-Hours Index Value means, in respect of a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second 
Month Security of any class and any time during Out-of-Hours on a General Trading Day which is 
a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class, if the value of such 
Individual Commodity Index is published by Bloomberg in respect of such time, the value as so 
published, provided that if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of one or 
more Facility Agreements that such published value is incorrect or if the value of such Individual 
Commodity Index is not so published, the Calculation Agent is required instead to use for such 
purposes a substitute value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using the most recently reported (at the time for which such substitute value is 
to be calculated) prices for the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
that Individual Commodity Index is calculated, and provided further that if the Calculation Agent 
determines for such purposes that as the result of a material trading disruption or anomaly the 
value of any futures contract used in calculating any such published or reported value manifestly 
does not reflect a fair value for that futures contract having regard to the principles set out in 
Condition 14.3 and Condition 14.5, the Calculation Agent is required instead to determine for such 
purposes fair market values for such futures contracts having regard to the principles set out in 
Condition 14.3 and Condition 14.5 and calculate a substitute value of the relevant Individual 
Commodity Index calculated using such fair market values, and in each case the Out-of Hours 
Index Value shall be as so determined by the Calculation Agent for such purposes; 
outstanding means in relation to each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, all the 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class issued and in respect of which there is for 
the time being an entry in the Register other than: 
(a) 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and 
(b) 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which have been purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders 
or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust Instrument, Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (if any) which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the 
Issuer, (B) a Commodity Contract Counterparty, (C) ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities 
Limited) or a Guarantor, (D) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
(E) any individual Controller of the Issuer or Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by any such 
persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to 
remain outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities shall be deemed not to be Security Holders; 
Pool means a separate fund or pool to which Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of a 
particular class are attributable; 
Price means the price determined in accordance with Condition 5 and Pricing (other than when 
used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) shall be construed accordingly; 
A9.7.1

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Pricing Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of an Agreed Redemption Form, the day upon which that form is deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Settlement Redemption Form, the Pricing Day upon which the Redemption 
Amount is determined; 
Pricing Day means: 
(a) 
for each class of Short or Leveraged Individual Securities, a General Trading Day which is 
a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities that is not a Market Disruption Day for that Individual 
Commodity Index (other than a Market Disruption Day for which a substitute value for that 
Individual Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of the Facility Agreements), provided that in the case of a class of Three Times 
Commodity Security or Second Month Security, a Restrike Disruption Day in respect of such 
class shall not be a Pricing Day in respect of such class; 
(b) 
for each class of Short or Leveraged Index Securities, a General Trading Day which is a 
Trading Day for each of the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
the Composite Commodity Index relating to that class of Short or Leveraged Index Security 
is calculated (in whole or in part) that is not a Market Disruption Day for any such futures 
contracts (other than a Market Disruption Day for which a substitute value for that Composite 
Commodity Index is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions 
of the Facility Agreements); 
(c) 
for each futures contract the Settlement Price for which is included in the calculation of a 
Commodity Index, a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for that futures contract 
and which is not a Market Disruption Day for that futures contract; or 
(d) 
for each commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities), a General Trading Day which is a Trading Day for the futures 
contract relating to that commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of that Commodity Index (or that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) and which is not a Market Disruption Day for that futures contract; 
Pricing Notice means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice; 
Principal Amount means in respect of each Short or Leveraged Commodity Security the amount 
specified in clause 2 of the Trust Instrument; 
Programme means the programme for the issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any 
entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by 
reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to 
any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
Prohibited US Person means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who 
holds Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a 
Qualified Purchaser; 
properly authenticated dematerialised instruction shall bear the meaning given to it in the 
Regulations; 
Property to be Assigned means with respect to each Authorised Participant Agreement and each 
Commodity Contract Counterparty: 
(a) 
all of the right, title, interest and benefit of the Issuer, existing now or in the future, in, to, 
under or in respect of the Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies as a separate

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
agreement in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with its terms; 
and 
(b) 
all other rights, moneys and property whatsoever which may from time to time at any time 
be derived from or accrue with respect to the Authorised Participant Agreement as it so 
applies including: 
(i) 
all of the Issuer’s rights to receive payment of any amounts which may become 
payable to it pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement or with respect to such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(ii) 
all amounts due, payable and properly received by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement; 
(iii) 
all the Issuer’s rights to serve notices and/or make demands pursuant to such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies and/or to take such steps as are 
required to cause payments to become due and payable thereunder or with respect 
to such Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(iv) 
all of the Issuer’s rights of action in respect of any breach of such Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it so applies; and 
(v) 
all of the Issuer’s rights to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect of such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
Qualified Purchaser means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company 
Act; 
Redemption means the redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities by the Issuer 
in accordance with these Conditions (and Redeem shall be construed accordingly); 
Redemption Account means a bank account to receive payments of the Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Redemption of Commodity Contracts (and matching Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities), which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing by the Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer, each Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Trustee from time 
to time; 
(b) 
for a Compulsory Redemption or where there are no Authorised Participants, the bank 
account of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the Security Holders or of the Trustee for 
the benefit of such Security Holders; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form; 
Redemption Amount means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the 
Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, as may be reduced for any 
withholdings or deductions for or on account of tax as set out in Condition 9.5; 
Redemption Fee means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities in accordance with Condition 10; 
Redemption Form means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption Form in the 
form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance with these Conditions, as the 
case may be; 
Redemption Limits means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 7.6; 
Redemption Payment Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form, the second London 
Business Day following the Pricing Date of that Redemption, provided that if either that day 
or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, the London Business 
Day specified for such payment in that form; provided that the date so specified shall be

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
not earlier than one London Business Day following the day upon which that form was  
deemed to have been received by the Issuer; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure, the second London 
Business Day following the relevant Listing Failure Date, provided that if either that day or 
the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso, or such other Business Day 
as may be agreed by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised 
Participant who submitted the relevant Redemption Form; or 
(d) 
in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date, 
the London Business Day which is the second London Business Day following the last 
Pricing Day on which the Price of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities being 
Redeemed is determined in accordance with these Conditions, provided that if either that 
day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the 
Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would 
have been the Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; 
Registers means the registers of Security Holders of each class kept and maintained by the 
Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly; 
Registrar means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as may 
be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers; 
Regulations means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including any 
modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being in 
force which, inter alia, enable title to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be evidenced 
otherwise than by a certificate and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument; 
Relevant Exchange means: 
(a) 
for each Individual Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which is traded the futures 
contract by reference to the prices of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated; 
(b) 
in relation to a commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, the futures 
exchange on which is traded the futures contract for that commodity the Settlement Price 
of which is included in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index; and 
(c) 
in relation to a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation 
of a Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which that futures contract is traded. 
Relevant Market means (a) in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the market conducted 
on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts by reference to which the Individual Commodity 
Index is calculated and (b) in relation to a commodity comprised in a Composite Commodity Index, 
the market conducted on the Relevant Exchange for the futures contract for that commodity the 
Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of that Composite Commodity Index; 
Required Security Document means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty requires the Issuer to execute over the Property to be Assigned in favour of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty as security for the Secured Obligations (which may 
include, but shall not be limited to, a Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or proposed Authorised Participant) or of the branch 
through which such person is acting for the purposes of such Authorised Participant Agreement 
(as the case may be); 
Restrike Cost means, with respect to each class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second 
Month Security, an amount which is agreed from time to time by a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and the Issuer; 
Restrike Day in relation to a class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security 
means a Full Trading Day in respect of that class on which a Restrike Event in respect of that 
class has occurred or which commences during a Restrike Index Value Determination Window in 
respect of that class;

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Restrike Disruption Day in relation to a class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second 
Month Security means a Full Trading Day in respect of that class on which the Designated 
Settlement Period for that class ends during (and prior to the end of) a Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window in respect of that class; 
Restrike Event means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security of any class and a Full Trading 
Day for that class, if: 
(i) 
the Out-of-Hours Index Value in respect of that class falls during Out-of-Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or below 75 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or below 75 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); or 
(ii) 
the Exchange Index Value in respect of that class falls during Exchange Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day, to or below 75 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or below 75 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); 
(b) 
in respect of a Three Times Short Individual Security of any class and a Full Trading Day 
for that class, if: 
(i) 
the Out-of-Hours Index Value in respect of that class rises during Out-of-Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or above 125 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or above 125 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); or 
(ii) 
the Exchange Index Value in respect of that class rises during Exchange Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or above 125 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or above 125 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); 
(c) 
in respect of a Second Month Security which is a Leveraged Individual Security of any class 
and a Full Trading Day for that class, if: 
(i) 
the Out-of-Hours Index Value in respect of that class falls during Out-of-Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or below 65 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or below 65 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); or 
(ii) 
the Exchange Index Value in respect of that class falls during Exchange Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day, to or below 65 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or below 65 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); 
(d) 
in respect of a Second Month Security which is a Short Individual Security of any class and 
a Full Trading Day for that class, if: 
(i) 
the Out-of-Hours Index Value in respect of that class rises during Out-of-Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or above 170 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or above 170 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session); or 
(ii) 
the Exchange Index Value in respect of that class rises during Exchange Hours in 
respect of such Full Trading Day to or above 170 per cent. of the closing settlement 
price level of that Individual Commodity Index for the last Full Trading Day in respect 
of that class ending prior to the commencement of the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window during which the Restrike Event occurred (or, for any 
subsequent Restrike Event occurring during the same General Trading Session, to 
or above 170 per cent. of the preceding Restrike Index Value for that General Trading 
Session), 
and the occurrence of (a), (b), (c) or (d) will result in a “Restrike Event” having occurred with 
respect to the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that Three Times Leveraged Individual 
Security, that Three Times Short Individual Security or that Second Month Security (as the case 
may be) (as the case may be) in respect of such Full Trading Day, provided that following the 
occurrence of a Restrike Event, a subsequent Restrike Event shall not be regarded as having 
occurred unless at the time of such subsequent Restrike Event the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the preceding Restrike Event has ended; 
Restrike Index Value means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Three Times Leveraged Individual Security of any class or a Second Month 
Security of any class which is a Leveraged Individual Security and Full Trading Day for that 
class, the lowest value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class which is 
(in the case of a Restrike Event occurring during Out-of-Hours in respect of such Full 
Trading Day) calculated by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements in respect of any time during the period commencing on the occurrence of the 
relevant Restrike Event and ending at the end of the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window using the most recently reported (at the time for which such value is to be 
calculated) prices for the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
that Individual Commodity Index is calculated, or (in the case of a Restrike Event occurring 
during Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day) published by Bloomberg on 
the QR (quote recap monitor) screen during the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Three Times Short Individual Security of any class or a Second Month 
Security of any class which is a Short Individual Security and a Full Trading Day for that 
class, the highest value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class which is 
(in the case of a Restrike Event occurring during Out-of-Hours in respect of such Full 
Trading Day) calculated by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements in respect of any time during the period commencing on the occurrence of the 
relevant Restrike Event and ending at the end of the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window using the most recently reported (at the time for which such value is to be 
calculated) prices for the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
that Individual Commodity Index is calculated, or (in the case of a Restrike Event occurring 
during Exchange Hours on such Full Trading Day) published by Bloomberg on the QR 
(quote recap monitor) screen during the Restrike Index Value Determination Window, 
provided that (i) (in the case of a Restrike Event occurring during Exchange Hours in respect of

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
such Full Trading Day) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that such published value 
is incorrect, the Calculation Agent is required instead to use for such purposes a substitute value 
of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the Calculation Agent using the most 
recently reported (at the time for which such substitute value is to be calculated) prices for the 
futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which that Individual Commodity Index 
is calculated, (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that as the result of a material trading 
disruption or anomaly the value of any futures contract used in calculating such published value 
manifestly does not reflect a fair value for that futures contract having regard to the principles set 
out in Condition 14.3 and Condition 14.5, the Calculation Agent is required instead to determine 
for such purposes the fair market value for such futures contract having regard to the principles 
set out in Condition 14.3 and Condition 14.5 and to calculate the value of the relevant Individual 
Commodity Index using such fair market value; and (iii) (in the case of a Restrike Event occurring 
during Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day) if the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has occurred with respect 
to any applicable futures contract, the Calculation Agent is required instead to use for such 
purposes a substitute value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using the most recently reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, 
that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event and using a fair 
market value determined in accordance with the principles set out set out in Condition 14.3 for 
the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption 
Event, and in each case the Restrike Index Value shall be as so determined by the Calculation 
Agent for such purposes; 
Restrike Index Value Determination Window in respect of any class of Three Times Commodity 
Security means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Restrike Event occurring with respect to the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class during Exchange Hours in respect of a Full Trading Day in respect 
of such class, the 15 minute period commencing immediately following a Restrike Event 
first having occurred with respect to that Individual Commodity Index, provided that (i) if the 
Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has subsequently 
occurred with respect to any applicable futures contract during such 15 minute period then 
the Calculation Agent may lengthen the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for 
such purposes by extending it by successive 15 minute periods (without affecting its 
commencement time, and with each such successive 15 minute period commencing from 
the end of the previous 15 minute period (and not from the end of the occurrence of the 
applicable Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event)) until the earlier of (A) the 
first successive continuous 15 minute period having elapsed during Exchange Hours during 
which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event subsisted; and (B) the end 
of Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading Day after that on which the Restrike Event first 
occurred, (ii) if but for this proviso (ii) the Restrike Index Value Determination Window would 
end 15 minutes or less prior to the end of Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading 
Day then the Restrike Index Value Determination Window will instead end (without affecting 
its commencement time) at the end of Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day; 
(iii) if but for this proviso (iii) the Restrike Index Value Determination Window would end less 
than 15 minutes after the end of Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day then 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window will instead end (without affecting its 
commencement time) at the end of Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day; 
and (iv) if but for this proviso (iv) the Restrike Index Value Determination Window would 
end at a time which is 15 minutes or more after the end of Exchange Hours in respect of 
such Full Trading Day and during Out-of-Hours, or that Full Trading Day is a Market 
Disruption Day, then the Restrike Index Value Determination Window will be determined in 
accordance with sub-clause (b) below as if the Restrike Event occurred during Out-of-Hours; 
(b) 
in respect of a Restrike Event occurring with respect to the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class during Out-of-Hours in respect of a Full Trading Day in respect of 
such class, the period commencing immediately following the Restrike Event and ending 
15 minutes after the commencement of Exchange Hours on such Full Trading Day, provided 
that if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has occurred with

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
respect to such 15 minute period then the Calculation Agent may lengthen the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window for such purposes by extending it by successive 15 
minute periods (without affecting its commencement time, and with each such successive 
15 minute period commencing from the end of the previous 15 minute period (and not from 
the end of the occurrence of the applicable Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption 
Event)) until the earlier of (i) the first successive continuous 15 minute period having elapsed 
during a General Trading Session during which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging 
Disruption Event subsisted; and (ii) the end of Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading 
Day after that on which the Restrike Event first occurred, 
provided further that in the event that the Restrike Index Value Determination Window has been 
so extended for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements by successive 15 minute periods 
such that no Restrike Value has been determined by the end of Exchange Hours on the third Full 
Trading Day after that on which the Restrike Event first occurred with respect to the Individual 
Commodity Index applicable to that class, then the Calculation Agent is required instead for such 
purposes to use a substitute value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using the most recently reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, 
that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event and using a fair 
market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in Condition 14.3 for the relevant 
commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event and 
in respect of any class of Second Month Security means: 
(c) 
in respect of a Restrike Event occurring with respect to the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class during Exchange Hours in respect of a Full Trading Day in respect 
of such class, the 30 minute period commencing immediately following a Restrike Event 
first having occurred with respect to that Individual Commodity Index, provided that (i) if 
the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of one or more Facility 
Agreements that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has subsequently 
occurred with respect to any applicable futures contract during such 30 minute period then 
the Calculation Agent may lengthen the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for 
such purposes by extending it by successive 30 minute periods (without affecting its 
commencement time, and with each such successive 30 minute period commencing from 
the end of the previous 30 minute period (and not from the end of the occurrence of the 
applicable Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event)) until the earlier of 
(A) the first successive continuous 30 minute period having elapsed during Exchange 
Hours during which no Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event subsisted; 
and (B) the end of Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading Day after that on which the 
Restrike Event first occurred, (ii) if but for this proviso (ii) the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window would end 30 minutes or less prior to the end of Exchange Hours 
in respect of such Full Trading Day then the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
will instead end (without affecting its commencement time) at the end of Exchange Hours 
in respect of such Full Trading Day; (iii) if but for this proviso (iii) the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window would end less than 30 minutes after the end of Exchange Hours 
in respect of such Full Trading Day then the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
will instead end (without affecting its commencement time) at the end of Exchange Hours 
in respect of such Full Trading Day; and (iv) if but for this proviso (iv) the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window would end at a time which is 30 minutes or more after the 
end of Exchange Hours in respect of such Full Trading Day and during Out-of-Hours, or 
that Full Trading Day is a Market Disruption Day, then the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window will be determined in accordance with sub-clause (d) below as if 
the Restrike Event occurred during Out-of-Hours; 
(d) 
in respect of a Restrike Event occurring with respect to the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class during Out-of-Hours in respect of a Full Trading Day in respect of 
such class, the period commencing immediately following the Restrike Event and ending 
15 minutes after the commencement of Exchange Hours on such Full Trading Day, 
provided that if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines for the purposes of one or 
more Facility Agreements that a Market Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event has 
occurred with respect to such 15 minute period then the Calculation Agent may lengthen 
the Restrike Index Value Determination Window for such purposes by extending it by 
successive 15 minute periods (without affecting its commencement time, and with each 
such successive 15 minute period commencing from the end of the previous 15 minute

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
period (and not from the end of the occurrence of the applicable Market Disruption Event 
or Hedging Disruption Event)) until the earlier of (i) the first successive continuous 15 
minute period having elapsed during a General Trading Session during which no Market 
Disruption Event or Hedging Disruption Event subsisted; and (ii) the end of Exchange 
Hours on the third Full Trading Day after that on which the Restrike Event first occurred, 
provided further that in the event that the Restrike Index Value Determination Window has been 
so extended for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements by successive 15 or 30 minute 
periods (as the case may be) such that no Restrike Value has been determined by the end of 
Exchange Hours on the third Full Trading Day after that on which the Restrike Event first occurred 
with respect to the Individual Commodity Index applicable to that class, then the Calculation Agent 
is required instead for such purposes to use a substitute value of the relevant Individual 
Commodity Index calculated by the Calculation Agent using the most recently reported prices for 
the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event or Hedging 
Disruption Event and using a fair market value determined in accordance with the principles set 
out in Condition 14.3 for the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption 
Event or Hedging Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the Restrike Index Value Determination Window in respect of 
any class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security shall be as the same as is 
determined for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements; 
RIS means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) 
from time to time chosen by the Issuer; 
Second Month Contract means a Commodity Contract relating to a Second Month Security; 
Second Month Security means a WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Individual 
Security, a WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Security, a WisdomTree Natural 
Gas 2x Daily Leveraged Individual Security, a WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short Individual 
Security, a WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged Individual Security or a WisdomTree 
Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short Individual Security and Second Month Securities shall be construed 
accordingly; 
Secured Obligations means: 
(a) 
all present and future obligations (which for the avoidance of doubt, are all limited recourse 
obligations) of the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty on account of 
Creation Amounts and interest thereon; and 
(b) 
all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and expenses sustained, suffered or 
incurred by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty arising out of or in connection 
with any act, matter or thing done or omitted to be done by the Issuer under the Facility 
Agreement or the Security Assignment or any other Required Security Document; 
Secured Property means (in respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class) 
all rights of the Issuer under the corresponding Facility Agreement(s), Commodity Contracts, any 
Security Agreement and any Guarantee, in each case to the extent that they apply to payments 
due in respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class, or any part thereof, and 
which are subject to the security created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the applicable Security 
Deed; 
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 of the U.S.; 
Security Agreement means in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement supplemental to, or supporting 
the obligations of the Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant to, (inter alia) that Facility 
Agreement, such security agreement and includes such an agreement (the “MLI Security 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and such an agreement (the “CGML Security 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
Security Agreement Event means, in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a 
party with the Issuer to a Security Agreement, the occurrence of any event by which the security 
under such Security Agreement becomes enforceable; 
Security Assignment means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and each

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment (if any) pertaining to that Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it applies in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty entered 
into between the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and securing the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer to that Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
Security Conditions means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, to the extent required pursuant to the Facility Agreement to which that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty is a party, that (a) each Required Security Document with 
respect to the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Commodity Contract Counterparty 
has been duly executed by the Issuer, (b) notice (duly executed by the Issuer) of each such 
Required Security Document has been duly given by the Issuer to such proposed Authorised 
Participant and (c) such proposed Authorised Participant has executed an acknowledgement of 
such notice in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
Security Deed means in respect of each Pool and the corresponding class of Commodity 
Contracts, the security deed entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee pertaining to that 
Pool; 
Security Holder means a registered holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities; 
Settlement Failure means, in respect of a Redemption where the Security Holder has delivered 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another 
method agreed with the Issuer), a failure by the Issuer to pay or to procure the payment of the 
whole of a Redemption Amount into the relevant Redemption Account on a Redemption Payment 
Date; 
Settlement Failure Date means, in relation to a Settlement Failure, the date on which such 
Settlement Failure occurred; 
Settlement Price means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded on a Relevant 
Exchange, the official settlement price of the Relevant Exchange for such day in relation to such 
futures contract as determined in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant Exchange; 
Settlement Pricing has the meaning given in Condition 7.1(a); 
Settlement Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the 
Issuer for requesting Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities using Settlement 
Pricing; 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities means Short and Leveraged Index Securities and 
Short and Leveraged Individual Securities and Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
means any of them; 
Short and Leveraged Index Securities means Short Index Securities and Leveraged Index 
Securities and Short or Leveraged Index Securities means any of them; 
Short and Leveraged Individual Securities means Short Individual Securities and Leveraged 
Individual Securities and Short or Leveraged Individual Securities means any of them; 
Short Commodity Security means a One Times Short Individual Security, a One Times Short 
Index Security or a Three Times Short Individual Security; 
Short Index Security means a One Times Short Index Security; 
Short Individual Security means a One Times Short Individual Security or a Three Times Short 
Individual Security; 
tax means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and services tax, 
withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration and other duties, bank accounts debits 
tax, import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties 
and charges imposed or levied by a government or government agency; 
Theoretical Hedge Position means in respect of a particular futures contract, the number 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.7; 
Three Times Commodity Securities means Three Times Short Individual Securities and Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Securities;

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
of a class specified as such in Part F of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant 
Register; 
Three Times Short Individual Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of a 
class specified as such in Part E of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant 
Register; 
Trading Day means: 
(a) 
for an Individual Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant Exchange for that Individual 
Commodity Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
Relevant Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
for a Composite Commodity Index a day on which all the Relevant Exchanges for each 
commodity comprised in that Composite Commodity Index are open for trading during their 
regular trading session, notwithstanding any of such Relevant Exchanges closing prior to 
their scheduled closing time; 
(c) 
for a futures contract the Settlement Price of which is included in the calculation of a 
Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant Exchange for that futures contract is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Relevant Exchange 
closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(d) 
for a commodity in connection with a Commodity Index (or class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities), a Trading Day (pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) above) for a futures 
contract in respect of that commodity the Settlement Price for which is included in the 
calculation of that Commodity Index (or the Commodity Index relating to that class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities); 
Trustee means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, 
London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
Trustee Consent Documents means each Facility Agreement (but excluding the schedules to 
that Facility Agreement, save schedules 1, 11 and 12), Commodity Contracts created thereunder, 
any Guarantee and any Security Agreement (but excluding the definitions of “Eligible Collateral”, 
“Issuer Concentration Limit”, “Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” therein and 
excluding the Collateral Schedule as defined therein); 
Trust Instrument means the trust instrument dated 8 February 2008, between the Issuer and the 
Trustee constituting Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, including the schedules thereto; 
Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities means Two Times Leveraged Index Securities 
Leveraged Individual Securities; 
Two Times Leveraged Index Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of a 
class specified as such in Part D of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant 
Register; 
Two Times Leveraged Individual Security means a Short and Leveraged Commodity Security 
of a class specified as such in Part C of Schedule 6 (Classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities) to the Trust Instrument constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant 
Register; 
UBS Securities means UBS Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company whose principal 
place of business is at 677 Washington Boulevard, Stamford, Connecticut 06901; 
UK or United Kingdom means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
UK Listing Authority means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes 
of Part VI of the FSMA;

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant means, in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
an Authorised Participant (a) in respect of which the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
has given and not withdrawn notice under the relevant Facility Agreement that the Authorised 
Participant has ceased to be acceptable to such Commodity Contract Counterparty or (b) which 
is an “Unacceptable Authorised Participant” (as defined in the Classic and Longer Dated Facility 
Agreement between the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty) for the purposes of 
that Classic and Longer Dated Facility Agreement; 
Uncertificated Form means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST; 
Uncertificated Notice of Meeting means a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction, 
and/or other instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST; 
US Dollars or US$ means the lawful currency of the U.S.; 
US Person means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
United States or U.S. means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any 
state of the United States and the District of Columbia; 
VAT means value added tax; and 
WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities means Short Commodity Securities and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
and WisdomTree Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities or Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities means any of them. 
1.2 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted 
for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference 
to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, 
varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(e) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to 
local time in London, England. 
(f) 
All references in these Conditions to any statute or any provision of any statute shall be 
deemed also to refer to any statutory modification or re enactment thereof or any statutory 
instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or re 
enactment, and in relation to any provision of European Union law, includes such provision 
as incorporated or reincorporated into English law and any statutory modification or re- 
enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under 
any such modification or re-enactment. 
 
2. 
STATUS OF SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations 
of the Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3. The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of each 
class rank pari passu among themselves.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
3. 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
are secured pursuant to the Security Deed applicable to that class by a first ranking floating charge 
in favour of the Trustee for the Security Holders over, and by an assignment by way of security of, 
all the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured Property of that class. 
3.2 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
shall have recourse only to sums derived from the Secured Property relating to the relevant Pool. 
If, the Trustee (or any other secured party) having realised the same, the net proceeds are 
insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments which, but for the effect of this Condition, would 
then be due, the obligations of the Issuer will be limited to such net proceeds of realisation, neither 
the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf shall be entitled to take any further steps against 
the Issuer to recover any further sums and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person 
in respect of any such further sum. In particular, neither the Trustee nor any Security Holder shall 
be entitled to institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any 
bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, re-
organisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any 
similar law (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer (except for the appointment 
of a receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Deed) for two years (or, if later, the 
longest suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) ending with 
the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within such 
period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day 
after the date on which all amounts payable under the last outstanding security of any class issued 
by the Issuer and constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid, nor shall they have any claim in 
respect of any sum arising in respect of the Secured Property for any other Pool or any other 
assets of the Issuer including, but not limited to, any sums derived from or in connection with any 
Classic and Longer Dated Securities. 
 
4. 
FORM AND TRANSFER 
4.1 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
4.2 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form 
by means of CREST in accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent 
of Security Holders, concur with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument in order to reflect changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice 
relating to the holding or transfer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated 
Form. A Security Holder may request that his Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities be held 
in Certificated Form, in which case such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities shall be 
removed from CREST. 
4.3 
The Issuer shall at all times keep at its registered office, or at such other place in Jersey as the 
Trustee may agree, registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent transfers and changes 
of ownership of all outstanding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and the names and 
addresses of the Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the 
Security Holders or any of them and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty 
at all reasonable times during office hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) 
copies of, or extracts from, the same or any part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to 
convene a meeting of or to give any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the 
Trustee (free of charge) with such copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require. The 
Registers may be closed by the Issuer for such periods and at such times (not exceeding in the 
whole 30 days in any one year) as it may think fit. 
4.4 
The Issuer, the Trustee and, to the extent relevant, each Security Holder, by accepting a Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Security, agrees to treat the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
as equity interests in the Issuer for all U.S. federal tax purposes. 
A14.4.3(a)A 
A.14.4.14

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
5. 
PRICE OF SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
5.1 
The Price for the first Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a particular class to be issued 
(which shall be treated as being the Price for the day on which the Creation Notice (as defined in 
the Facility Agreement) for the corresponding Commodity Contract is received or deemed received 
by the Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant to the Facility Agreement) shall be 
$50.0000000. Thereafter the Price for a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of each class 
shall be calculated on each calendar day in accordance with Conditions 5.2 to 5.4 below; save 
that: 
(a) 
in relation to a Short or Leveraged Index Security, an Indicative Price shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5.5 for any calendar day which is for the Composite Commodity 
Index applicable to that Short or Leveraged Index Security: (i) a Market Disruption Day; or 
(ii) a day (not being a Pricing Day) where the preceding day which is both a Trading Day 
and a General Trading Day was a Market Disruption Day, and, subject to (c) below, on each 
such day no Price shall be calculated for the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index 
Security; 
(b) 
in relation to a Short or Leveraged Index Security, for a Pricing Day where the preceding 
Trading Day which is a General Trading Day for the Composite Commodity Index applicable 
to that Short or Leveraged Index Security was a Market Disruption Day, the Price for such 
day shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.6 below; 
(c) 
upon a Settlement Redemption Form being deemed received in relation to a class of Short 
or Leveraged Index Security on a Trading Day which is a General Trading Day but not a 
Pricing Day then a Price shall be determined for that class of Short or Leveraged Index 
Security in accordance with Condition 5.8 solely for the purposes of the Redemption 
pursuant to that Settlement Redemption Form (and, for the avoidance of doubt, that Price 
shall not be considered a Price for any other purpose under this Condition 5); 
(d) 
upon a Settlement Redemption Form being deemed received in relation to a class of Short 
or Leveraged Individual Security on a Trading Day which is a General Trading Day but not 
a Pricing Day Condition 5.9 shall apply; and 
(e) 
in relation to a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of any class, 
for any Restrike Day for that class, other than a Restrike Disruption Day for that class on 
which no Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of 
Exchange Hours in respect of that Restrike Day, the Price for such Restrike Day shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5.2A below. 
 
Pricing 
5.2 
Subject to Condition 5.1 above, the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of a 
particular class for each calendar day will be an amount (which may not be negative) determined 
using the relevant Commodity Index for that class by the following formula (calculated to 7 places 
of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
Pi,t = Pi,t-1 × {1 + CAi,t + LFi × (Ii,t/Ii,t-1 - 1 ) } 
 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
CAi,t is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t, expressed as a decimal;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
LFi        is the Leverage Factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For One Times Short 
Commodity Securities, LFi = -1, for Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities, LFi = +2, 
for Three Times Short Individual Securities LFi = -3 and for Three Times Leveraged 
Individual Securities, LFi = +3; 
Ii,t 
is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t. If day t is not a Pricing Day for a Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Security of class i or (in the case of a Three Times Commodity 
Security or a Second Month Security of any class) if day t is a Restrike Disruption Day (on which 
no Restrike Index Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of Exchange 
Hours in respect of that Restrike Day), then Ii,t will be the same as Ii,t-1; and 
Ii,t-1     is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Security of class i for day t-1. For a Three Times Commodity Security 
or a Second Month Security of any class, if day t-1 is a Restrike Day where (i) the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends 15 minutes or less prior 
to the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1 or (ii) the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event ends less than 15 minutes 
after the end of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, Ii,t-1 is the last 
Restrike Index Value on day t-1 provided that in relation to any class of Second Month 
Security each reference to “15 minutes” in this definition shall be read as reference to “30 
minutes”. 
5.2 A For a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of any class, if day t is a 
Restrike Day for that class, other than a Restrike Disruption Day for that class on which no Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window has ended prior to the end of Exchange Hours in respect of 
that Restrike Day, then the Price for a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security 
of such class for such Restrike Day will be an amount (which may not be negative) determined 
using the relevant Individual Commodity Index for that class in accordance with the following 
formula (calculated to 7 places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1 × ൫1 + 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖൯+ 𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1 × ቈ൬1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅1,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−1
൰× ( ∏
 ቆ1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝑛𝑛−1
𝑗𝑗=1
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗+1,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑗𝑗,𝑡𝑡
ቇ) × ൬1 + 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝑖𝑖×
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡−𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑛𝑛,𝑡𝑡
𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑅𝑅𝑛𝑛,𝑡𝑡൰−1቉  
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of class i 
for day t; 
Pi,t−1 
is the Price of a Three Times Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of class i 
for the calendar day prior to day t; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Three Times Commodity Security or Second Month Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
n 
refers to the number of Restrike Index Value Determination Windows that end prior to the 
end of Exchange Hours on day t and reference to a Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number is n 
is a reference to the last occurring such Restrike Index Value Determination Window; 
j 
refers to the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number for each Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window ending prior to the end of Exchange Hours on day t. j is an 
integer from 1 to n-1 (inclusive); 
means the product of the results of evaluating the formula for each value of j from 1 to n-
1 inclusive. If n is equal to 1, then the value of this expression shall mean 1; 
Ii,Rj,t 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security or a Second Month Security of class i for day t for the Restrike Index

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Value Determination Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window number is j; 
Ii,Rn,t 
is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security of class i for day t for the Restrike Index Value Determination Window 
in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number is n; 
Ii,t 
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a 
Three Times Commodity Security of class i for day t, provided that (i) if the Restrike Index 
Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, (ii) if the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t ends less than 15 minutes after the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t, or (iii) if day t is a Market Disruption 
Day or a Restrike Disruption Day on which at least one Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window has ended prior to the end of Exchange Hours, then: 
Ii,t = Ii,Rn,t; 
provided that in relation to any class of Second Month Security each reference to “15 
minutes” in this definition shall be read as reference to “30 minutes” 
Ii,t-1 
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a 
Three Times Commodity Security of class i for day t-1, provided that (i) if the Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends 15 minutes or less prior to the end 
of the Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, (ii) if the Restrike Index Value 
Determination Window for the last Restrike Event occurring prior to the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period on day t-1 ends less than 15 minutes after the end of the 
Designated Settlement Period in respect of day t-1, or (iii) if day t-1 is a Market Disruption 
Day or a Restrike Disruption Day and one or more Restrike Index Value Determination 
Windows ended between the end of Exchange Hours on the immediately preceding 
Pricing Day and the end of Exchange Hours on day t-1, then: 
Ii,t-1 = Ii,Rn,t-1; 
provided that in relation to any class of Second Month Security each reference to “15 
minutes” in this definition shall be read as reference to “30 minutes” 
Ii,Rn,t-1     is the Restrike Index Value of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Three Times 
Commodity Security of class i for day t-1 for the Restrike Index Value Determination 
Window in respect of which the Restrike Index Value Determination Window number is n; 
CAi,t 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t, expressed as a decimal; 
LFi 
is the leverage factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For One Times Short 
Commodity Contracts, LFi = -1, for Two Times Long Commodity Contracts, LFi = +2 and 
for Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities, LFi is +3 and for Three Times Short 
Individual Securities, LFi is -3; 
Ci 
is the Restrike Cost applicable to class i, expressed as a decimal. 
5.3 
For a Short or Leveraged Individual Security if t-1 is not a Pricing Day then Ii,t-1 shall be the closing 
settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to a Short or Leveraged 
Individual Security of class i on the preceding Pricing Day. For a Three Times Commodity Security 
or a Second Month Security of any class, if t-1 is not a Pricing Day and one or more Restrike 
Index Value Determination Windows ended between the end of Exchange Hours on the 
immediately preceding Pricing Day and the end of Exchange Hours on day t-1, then Ii,t-1 shall be 
the Restrike Index Value in respect of the most recent Restrike Event immediately preceding day 
t. 
5.4 
For a Short or Leveraged Index Security, if t-1 is not a Pricing Day then Ii,t-1 shall be the closing 
settlement price level of the Composite Commodity Index applicable to a Short or Leveraged Index 
Security of class i on the last day preceding day t-1 which is both a General Trading Day and a 
Trading Day for that Composite Commodity Index.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
H
 
Indicative Pricing during Market Disruptions 
5.5 
For a Short or Leveraged Index Security, if t is a day which is (a) a Market Disruption Day for the 
Composite Commodity Index applicable to that Short or Leveraged Index Security or (b) a calendar 
day (not being a Pricing Day) and the day which is both a Trading Day (for that Composite 
Commodity Index) and a General Trading Day preceding day t was a Market Disruption Day then 
the Indicative Price of such Short or Leveraged Index Security shall be as follows: 
 
Calculation of Indicative Price on an initial Market Disruption Day 
(i) 
on a day which is a Market Disruption Day for the Composite Commodity Index by reference 
to which the Price of a class of Short or Leveraged Index Security is calculated and where 
the preceding day which is both a Trading Day and a General Trading Day was also a 
Pricing Day for such Composite Commodity Index (such Market Disruption Day being 
“Market Disruption Day 1”), the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of 
any class shall be determined in accordance with the following formula calculated to 7 
places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
IPi ,t = Pi ,t 1 
1+ CAi ,t + LFi 
1 
 
where: 
IPi,t 
is the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
Pi,t-1 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day (t=1 being Market Disruption Day 1); 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
CAi,t      is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t; 
LFi        is the Leverage Factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For One Times 
Short Commodity Securities, LFi = -1, for Two Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, LFi = +2, for Three Times Short Individual Securities LFi = -3 and for Three 
Times Leveraged Individual Securities, LFi = +3; 
Ii,t 
is the closing settlement price level of the Composite Commodity Index applicable to 
a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; and 
Ii,t-1        is the closing settlement price level of the Commodity Index applicable to a Short or 
Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t-1. If day t-1 is not a Pricing Day then Ii,t-1 
shall be the closing price level of the Composite Commodity Index applicable to a 
Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i on the immediately preceding Pricing 
Day, 
and 
 
Calculation of Indicative Price on a calendar day following initial Market Disruption Day 
(ii) 
on any calendar day not falling within sub-paragraph (i) above for which an Indicative Price 
in respect of a class of Short or Leveraged Index Securities is required to be calculated 
hereunder, the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of that class shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula (calculated to 7 places of decimals 
with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
IPi ,t = [IPi ,t  1 (1+ CAi ,t )]+ 
 
u 
i,t 1, j 
 
 
WAVu 
WAVu 
 
 
CIM u 
CIM u 
 
 
N
2
u=1  j =1

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
WAV ; 
t-
 
where: 
IPi,t 
is the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
IPi,t-1 
is the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t-1 
(calculated for t-1 in the same manner as for day t in accordance with sub-
paragraph (i) or this sub-paragraph (ii)); 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to t; 
CAi,t 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i on day t; 
NC      means the total number of commodities in the relevant Composite Commodity  Index; 
u 
is a commodity the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used 
in calculating the Composite Commodity Index to which the relevant Short or 
Leveraged Index Security relates; 
j 
in relation to a commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where 
j=1 it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
 
u 
i,t-1,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
u 
t-1,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
 
 
 
u 
t-1,j 
is the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in respect 
of Short or Leveraged Index Security i on day t-1 calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5.7, save that where t-1 is not both a Trading Day for the relevant 
Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading Day then it shall be the 
Theoretical Hedge Position for such futures contract on the first day prior to day t- 
1 which is both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite Commodity Index and a 
General Trading Day; 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t used for 
calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that where day t is not both a Trading Day for that 
Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading Day then it shall be equal to 
u 
t-1,j 
 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t-1 used 
for calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that where day t-1 is not both a Trading Day for that 
Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading Day then it shall be the 
weighted value for such futures contract on the first day prior to day t-1 which is 
both a Trading Day for that Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading 
Day; 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t for futures contract j of commodity u, provided that where day t is 
not both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite Commodity Index and a General 
Trading Day then it shall be equal to CIMu ; and 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time   to 
time) on day t-1 for futures contract j of commodity u, provided that where day t-1 
is not both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite Commodity Index and a 
General Trading Day then it shall be equal to the Commodity Index Multiplier for 
such futures contract on the first day prior to day t-1 which is both a Trading Day 
for that Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading Day, 
 
Cessation of calculation of Indicative Price 
(iii) 
the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of any class shall cease to be 
calculated pursuant to (ii) above on the first day following Market Disruption Day 1 which is 
a Pricing Day for the Composite Commodity Index applicable to that class of Short or 
Leveraged Index Security and the Price on such Pricing Day shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5.6. 
H
WA
WA
CI
CI

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
H
Pricing after Market Disruption Events 
5.6 
For a Short or Leveraged Index Security, if t is a Pricing Day and the preceding Trading Day which 
is a General Trading Day for the Composite Commodity Index applicable to that Short or  
Leveraged Index Security was a Market Disruption Day then the Price of such Short or Leveraged 
Index Security shall be determined in accordance with the following formula (calculated to 7 places 
of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
Pi ,t = [IPi ,t  1 (1+ CAi ,t)]+ 
 
u 
i,t 1, j 
 
 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
IPi,t-1 
is the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t-1; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
t-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to day t; 
CAi,t 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to class i for day t; 
NC 
means the total number of commodities in the relevant Composite Commodity Index. 
 
u 
i,t-1,j 
means the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in respect 
of Short or Leveraged Index Security i on day t-1, save that where day t-1 is not both 
a Trading Day for the applicable Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading 
Day then it shall mean the Theoretical Hedge Position for such futures contract on 
the day preceding t-1 which is both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite 
Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; 
u 
is a commodity the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used in 
calculating the Composite Commodity Index to which the relevant Short or Leveraged 
Index Security relates; 
j 
in relation to a commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where j=1 
it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
 
 
u 
t-1,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
u 
t-1,j 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t used for 
calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance with 
the Handbook; 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity u on day t-1 used for 
calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance with 
the Handbook and where day t-1 is not a Trading Day for that Composite Commodity 
Index which is a General Trading Day then it shall be the weighted value for such 
futures contract used to calculate the last published relevant value of the Composite 
Commodity Index on the first day prior to day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for that 
Composite Commodity Index and a General Trading Day; 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to time) 
on day t for futures contract j of commodity u; and 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to time) 
on day t-1 for futures contract j of commodity u and where day t-1 is not a Trading 
Day for that Composite Commodity Index which is a General Trading Day then it shall 
be equal to the Commodity Index Multiplier for such futures contract on the first day 
prior to day t-1 which is both a Trading Day for that Composite Commodity Index and 
a General Trading Day. 
 
 
WAVu 
WAVu 
 
 
CIM u 
CIM u 
 
 
H
WA
WA
CI
CI
N
2
u=1 j =1

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Theoretical Hedge Position 
5.7 
For the purposes of Conditions 5.5 and 5.6 the Theoretical Hedge Position in respect of a particular 
futures contract and commodity shall be as follows: 
 
Theoretical Hedge Position on a Pricing Day 
(i) 
on any day which is a Pricing Day for the Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i shall 
be the number determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
HPi,t,j
u = LFi × 
Pi,t × CIMt,j
u × RWt,j
u
∑
∑
WAVt,k
v × RWt,k
v
2
k=1
NC
v=1
 
 
 
where: 
u 
i,t,j 
 
 
means the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity u in 
respect of Short or Leveraged Index Security i on day t; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day; 
j 
in relation to commodity u, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where j=1 
it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
u 
is a commodity the Settlement Price of a futures contract relating to which is used 
in calculating the Composite Commodity Index to which the Short or Leveraged 
Index Security relates; 
LFi 
is the Leverage Factor applicable to class i, expressed as a number. For One 
Times Short Commodity Securities, LFi = -1, for Two Times Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, LFi = +2, for Three Times Short Individual Securities LFi = -3 and for 
Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities, LFi = +3; 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
u 
t,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
v 
t,k 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day t for futures contract j of commodity u; 
means the roll weight applicable to futures contract j on day t in respect of 
commodity u, being a value of either 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8 or 1 as determined in 
accordance with the Handbook, to be used in the calculation of the relevant 
Composite Commodity Index on the following Trading Day for the relevant Short 
or Leveraged Index Security; 
means the roll weight applicable to futures contract k on day t in respect of 
commodity v, being a value of either 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8 or 1 as determined in 
accordance with the Handbook, to be used in the calculation of the relevant 
Composite Commodity Index on the following Trading Day for the relevant Short 
or Leveraged Index Security; 
NC 
means the total number of commodities in the relevant Composite Commodity 
Index; 
v 
means each commodity in the relevant Composite Commodity Index; 
k 
in relation to a commodity v, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where 
k=1 it is a Lead Future and where k=2 it is a Next Future; and 
 
v 
t,k 
means the weighted value for futures contract k of commodity v on day t used for 
calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, 
H
R
R
CI
WA

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
= 
or 
 
Theoretical Hedge Position on a Market Disruption Day 
(ii) 
on a day which is a Market Disruption Day for one or more commodities of the relevant 
Composite Commodity Index: 
(1) 
for those commodities for which it is not a Market Disruption Day shall be the number 
calculated using the formula set out in paragraph (i) above, save that the value Pi,t 
shall be replaced with IPi,t being the Indicative Price of a Short or Leveraged Index 
Security of class i for day t calculated in accordance with Condition 5.5 above; and 
(2) 
for those commodities for which it is a Market Disruption Day shall be the number 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
u 
,t , j 
 
u 
i,t-1,i 
 
where: 
u 
i,t,j 
 
 
means the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity 
u in respect of Short or Leveraged Index Security i on day t; 
 
u 
i,t-1,j      means the Theoretical Hedge Position for futures contract j of commodity 
u in respect of Short or Leveraged Index Security i on day t-1, save that 
when t-1 is not both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite Commodity 
Index and a General Trading Day then it shall be the Theoretical Hedge 
Position for such futures contract on the first day prior to day t-1 which is 
both a Trading Day for the relevant Composite Commodity Index and a 
General Trading Day. 
 
Redemptions during Market Disruption Days 
5.8 
For the Redemption of a Short or Leveraged Index Security, if day t is a Trading Day which is a 
General Trading Day but not a Pricing Day for that class then the Price of such Short or Leveraged 
Index Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) of Condition 7.10. 
5.9 
For the Redemption of a Short or Leveraged Individual Security, if day t is a Trading Day which is 
a General Trading Day but not a Pricing Day for that class then paragraph (a) of Condition 7.10 
shall apply. 
 
6. 
CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT 
The calculation of the Price at which Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be 
Redeemed includes the Capital Adjustment for each day on which the Price is calculated. The 
Capital Adjustment in respect of each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security shall be 
as agreed from time to time between the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION OF SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES BY SECURITY 
HOLDERS 
 
Redemption Entitlement 
7.1 
Each Short and Leveraged Commodity Security of a particular class carries the right on 
Redemption to payment of either: 
(a) 
the higher of (i) the Principal Amount for that class, and (ii) the Price of that Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Security on the applicable Pricing Day determined in accordance 
with Condition 5.1 (Settlement Pricing); or 
(b) 
where applicable, an amount determined by agreement between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and a Security Holder which is an Authorised Participant in accordance with 
Condition 7.14 (Agreed Pricing). 
HP
i
H
H

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
7.2 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require 
the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities by 
lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Form specifying either Settlement Pricing or Agreed Pricing 
provided that if at any time a Redemption Amount is due to be paid by the Issuer in respect of a 
Redemption to a particular Authorised Participant, the amount payable by the Issuer may be 
discharged in whole or in part pursuant to the set-off provisions set out in the Authorised Participant 
Agreement. A Settlement Redemption Form may in addition be deemed to have been lodged by 
an Authorised Participant with the Issuer on a Listing Failure Date in the circumstances further 
described in the applicable Authorised Participant Agreement. 
 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
7.3 
A Security Holder which is not also an Authorised Participant may only require the Issuer to 
Redeem all or any part of its holding of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities if either: 
(a) 
on any General Trading Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder 
submits on such day a valid Settlement Redemption Form; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has announced by an RIS in respect of any General Trading Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits on a General Trading Day a 
valid notice in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption of 
such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing. Any such 
announcement may be general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any 
Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
 
Redemption Amount 
7.4 
The Redemption Amount with respect to a Redemption shall be the amount (in US Dollars) 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Redemption is effected using Settlement Pricing, an amount equal to the sum of the 
amounts determined in accordance with Condition 7.1 or Condition 7.2 in respect of all of 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities thereby Redeemed; or 
(b) 
if the Redemption is effected using Agreed Pricing, the amount specified as the Redemption 
Amount in the Agreed Redemption Form. 
7.5 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Payment Date in respect of any Redemption pay (or procure 
the payment of) the Redemption Amount in respect of that Redemption into the applicable 
Redemption Account. 
 
Redemption Limits 
7.6 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of a particular class may not be Redeemed on a day 
pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form: 
(a) 
submitted by any Security Holder (including any Authorised Participant), to the extent that 
the cancellation of Commodity Contracts corresponding to the Redemption of all Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities which are Redeemed on that day would exceed the sum 
of the Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limits applicable to such cancellation 
on that day (such limit being the Redemption Limit for that class of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities); or 
(b) 
submitted by any Authorised Participant, to the extent that the cancellation of Commodity 
Contracts corresponding to the Redemption of all Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities which are Redeemed on that day pursuant to Settlement Redemption Forms 
submitted by that Authorised Participant would exceed the sum of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty Redemption Limits applicable to such cancellation on that day in respect only 
of those Commodity Contract Counterparties for which that Authorised Participant is an

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Authorised Participant (such limit being the Authorised Participant Redemption Limit for 
that class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and that Authorised Participant). 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limit 
with respect to a class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (or in relation to any class 
of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities any commodities the Settlement Price of futures 
contracts relating to which are included in the calculation of the Commodity Index relating to that 
class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) and a Commodity Contract Counterparty is 
the amount denominated in US Dollars agreed between the Issuer and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty as the redemption limit in respect of the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts 
(or the commodities the Settlement Price of futures contracts relating to which are included in the 
calculation of the Commodity Index relating to that class of Commodity Contracts). 
7.7 
For the purposes of the Redemption Limits, Redemption Forms will be dealt with in order of their 
actual receipt by the Issuer and, for the purpose of this Condition, Condition 7.11 shall be 
disregarded. 
 
Settlement Pricing 
7.8. 
A Settlement Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it does not specify a number and class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be 
Redeemed; 
(b) 
[not used]; 
(c) 
for a Settlement Redemption Form lodged by an Authorised Participant, if it is received by 
the Issuer at any time other than between 8.00 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. on an Issuer Business 
Day; 
(d) 
if it does not specify the Redemption Account into which the Redemption Amount shall be 
payable; 
(e) 
to the extent that the number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class or 
in aggregate to be Redeemed would result in a Redemption Limit being exceeded, and the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does (or Commodity Contract Counterparties 
do) not agree to that Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such Settlement 
Redemption Form will not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 7.8(e) in 
respect of the greatest number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of the relevant 
class or classes that would not result in the Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(f) 
if the Settlement Redemption Form is submitted by an Authorised Participant, and the 
number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class or in aggregate to be 
Redeemed would result in an Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded (in 
which event such Settlement Redemption Form shall not be capable of being invalidated 
under this Condition 7.8(f) in respect of the greatest number of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of the relevant class that would not result in the Authorised Participant 
Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(g) 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given, if the Settlement 
Redemption Form is received or deemed received on or after: (i) where notice has been 
given under Condition 8.2 or (either following the giving of notice by the Issuer to nominate 
a compulsory pricing date under a Facility Agreement following a Counterparty Event of 
Default or the giving of notice by a Commodity Contract Counterparty to nominate a 
compulsory pricing date under its Facility Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event 
(as defined in any applicable Guarantee)) under Condition 8.1(a), the date on which notice 
of the Compulsory Redemption Date was given; or (ii) in any other case, the Compulsory 
Redemption Date; 
(h) 
if it is received or deemed received on or after the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect 
of any class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, in respect of which notice has 
been given in accordance with Condition 8.5;

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
(i) 
if it relates to the Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that are the 
subject of a Listing Failure; or 
(j) 
if it is invalid pursuant to Condition 7.18(c) or Condition 7.19(c); 
and, save as provided in Condition 7.8(f), no Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the 
relevant class shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that Settlement Redemption Form. 
7.9 
If the Issuer considers that a purported Settlement Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the 
Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably 
possible. The Issuer shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form 
any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities where the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has not confirmed a corresponding Commodity Contract Termination in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Facility Agreement. 
If the Issuer in its absolute discretion considers it necessary or desirable to do so in relation to 
any Settlement Redemption Form for the purpose of arranging (in aggregate) corresponding 
Commodity Contract Terminations in accordance with two or more Facility Agreements or to enable 
such Settlement Redemption Form to be settled in part in accordance with Condition 12 
(Settlement of Redemption Forms by Transfer), or both, the Issuer may determine that the 
Settlement Redemption Form be deemed to comprise two or more deemed Settlement 
Redemption Forms, such deemed Settlement Redemption Forms relating to, in aggregate, the 
same numbers and classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as those to which the 
original Settlement Redemption Form related; and these Conditions shall apply to such deemed 
Settlement Redemption Forms accordingly. If the Issuer determines to exercise its right to deem 
a Settlement Redemption Form to comprise two or more deemed Settlement Redemption Forms 
it shall notify the Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that fact as soon as 
reasonably possible. 
7.10 If a Settlement Redemption Form in relation to a class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
is deemed received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on an Issuer Business Day (Day 1): 
(a) 
if Day 1 is not a Pricing Day for such Short or Leveraged Individual Securities or, in the case 
of Short or Leveraged Index Securities, if Day 1 is not a Pricing Day for each of the 
commodities by reference to the Settlement Prices for which the Commodity Index relating 
to the class of Short or Leveraged Index Securities to which the Settlement Redemption 
Form relates is calculated (in whole or in part): 
(i) 
the Security Holder may by written notice to the Issuer, sent before the Notice 
Deadline on the next succeeding Issuer Business Day, cancel the Settlement 
Redemption Form, and where such a Withdrawal Notice is given no Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that 
Settlement Redemption Form; and 
(ii) 
if no notice is issued under Condition 7.10(a)(i) then the Settlement Redemption Form 
will be deemed received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on the next Issuer 
Business Day (and no redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities for 
that Settlement Redemption Form shall occur before then) in priority to any 
Settlement Redemption Form deemed received by the Issuer prior to the Notice 
Deadline on such Issuer Business Day pursuant to Condition 7.11 and that Issuer 
Business Day will then constitute Day 1 for the Settlement Redemption Form and 
this Condition 7.10 shall apply thereto accordingly; 
(b) 
in the case of Short or Leveraged Index Securities, if Day 1 is a Pricing Day for one or more 
but not all futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which the Composite 
Commodity Index relating to a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i relates is 
calculated (in whole or in part) then (1) that Short or Leveraged Index Security will not be 
priced until the next General Trading Day on which each such futures contract has had one 
or more Pricing Days; and (2) the Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of that class

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
τ,
τ,
for a Settlement Redemption Form deemed received on Day 1 will be an amount (which 
may not be negative) calculated to 7 places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
𝑃𝑃𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡= 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡× ൭1 + ෍𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑖𝑖,𝛤𝛤+1
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼−1
𝛤𝛤=𝑡𝑡
൱+ ෍
෍
෍𝐻𝐻𝐻𝐻𝑖𝑖,𝜏𝜏,𝑗𝑗
𝑤𝑤
2
𝑗𝑗=1
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝑤𝑤−1
𝜏𝜏=𝑡𝑡
× ቆ
𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝜏𝜏+1,𝑗𝑗
𝑤𝑤
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝜏𝜏+1,𝑗𝑗
𝑤𝑤
−
𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝜏𝜏,𝑗𝑗
𝑤𝑤
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝜏𝜏,𝑗𝑗
𝑤𝑤ቇ
𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑤𝑤=1
 
 
where: 
Pi,t 
is the Price of a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
IPi,t 
is the Indicative Price (determined in accordance with Condition 5.5) of a Short or 
Leveraged Index Security of class i for day t; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Index Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable calendar day (Day 1); 
IPD      represents the ‘Index Pricing Day’, which is defined as the day upon which the 
relevant Short or Leveraged Index Security is priced, being the General Trading 
Day on which each futures contract by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
the relevant Composite Commodity Index is calculated has had at least one Pricing 
Day from and including day t; 
IPD-1 
refers to the calendar day prior to IPD; 
 
CAi,Γ+1     is the Capital Adjustment applicable to a Short or Leveraged Index Security of class 
i for day Γ+1; 
Γ 
represents each calendar day from and including t until and including IPD-1; 
t 
means each calendar day from and including t until and including CPDw-1; 
ND       means the ‘Number of Disrupted commodities’, being defined as the number of 
commodities represented in the relevant Composite Commodity Index which are 
the subject of a Market Disruption Event on Day 1; 
w 
is a commodity in relation to the relevant Composite Commodity Index which is 
subject to a Market Disruption Event on Day 1; 
CPDw       represents the ‘Commodity Pricing Day’ which is defined as the first calendar day 
following Day 1 which is a Pricing Day for commodity w; 
CPDw-1 refers to the calendar day preceding CPDw; 
j 
in relation to a commodity w, is either a Lead Future or a Next Future and where 
j=1 it is a Lead Future and where j=2 it is a Next Future; 
HPi,
w 
 
 
w 
τ+1,j 
 
 
 
 
w 
τ,j 
 
 
 
 
 
 
w 
τ,j 
means the Theoretical Hedge Position (determined in accordance with Condition 
5.7(ii)) for futures contract j of commodity w in respect of Short or Leveraged Index 
Security i on day τ; 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity w on day τ+1 used 
for calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that where day τ+1 is not a General Trading Day then 
it shall be equal to WAVw; 
means the weighted value for futures contract j of commodity w on day τ used for 
calculating the relevant Composite Commodity Index calculated in accordance 
with the Handbook, provided that where day τ is not a General Trading Day then 
it shall be the weighted value for such futures contract on the General Trading Day 
preceding day τ; 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day τ for futures contract j of commodity w, provided that where day τ is 
WA
WA
CI

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
τ,
 
 
 
 
w 
τ+1,j 
not a General Trading Day then it shall be equal to the Commodity Index Multiplier 
for such futures contract on the first General Trading Day prior to day τ; and 
means the Commodity Index Multiplier (as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time) on day τ+1 for futures contract j of commodity w, provided that where day 
τ+1 is not a General Trading Day then it shall be equal to CIMw. 
(c) 
where Condition 7.10(b) applies, the Pricing Date in respect of the Settlement Redemption 
Form relating to the Short or Leveraged Index Securities concerned will be the Trading Day 
on which all futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which the Composite 
Commodity Index relating to such Short or Leveraged Index Securities is calculated have 
had one or more Pricing Days since (but including) Day 1; 
(d) 
where Condition 7.10(b) applies: 
(i) 
in relation to a Settlement Redemption Form delivered by an Authorised Participant, 
at any time prior to a Pricing being completed in accordance with Condition 7.10(b) 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised 
Participant may agree a Price and applicable Pricing Date in lieu of that which would 
be determined in accordance with Condition 7.10(b) and notify that Price and 
applicable Pricing Date jointly to the Issuer in such form as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Such joint notification shall be conclusive evidence that the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant have  
agreed a Price and applicable Pricing Date which shall apply in lieu of that which 
would be determined in accordance with Condition 7.10(b); 
(ii) 
if a Price has not been determined in accordance with Condition 7.10(b) of sub- 
paragraph (i) by the end of the fourth General Trading Day following Day 1 then, 
either the relevant Authorised Participant or the Issuer, by notice to the other given 
in the same manner as for a Pricing Notice, may elect that the Price should instead 
be determined in the manner provided in the following sub-paragraphs. Any such 
notice must, to be valid, be given between 8.00 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. (in the case of 
notice given by the relevant Authorised Participant) or 7.00 p.m. (in the case of notice 
given by the Issuer) on an Issuer Business Day. Any such notice which is received 
by the Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant on an Issuer Business Day after 
the Notice Deadline but prior to 6.30 p.m. (in the case of notice given by the relevant 
Authorised Participant) or 7.00 p.m. (in the case of notice given by the Issuer) shall 
be deemed to be received by the Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant (as 
the case may be) at 8.00 a.m. on the following Issuer Business Day, unless the Issuer 
or the relevant Authorised Participant (as the case may be) agrees to treat that 
Settlement Redemption Form as having been received prior to the Notice Deadline 
in which case it shall be deemed to have been received by the Issuer or the relevant 
Authorised Participant (as the case may be) prior to the Notice Deadline. The giving 
of any notice pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall not prevent the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant from agreeing a Price 
and Pricing Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above in which case such 
Price and applicable Pricing Date shall apply in lieu of that which would be determined 
in accordance with the following sub-paragraphs; 
(iii) 
if a notice is given pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner a Price as at the 
close of business on the Issuer Business Day on which such notice was deemed 
given using the formula set out in Condition 7.10(b) and, for each relevant futures 
contract for which a Market Disruption Event would (but for this paragraph (d)) have 
prevented the determination of the Price hereunder, a fair market value for such 
futures contract determined using the principles set out in Condition 14.3 and shall 
notify the same to the Issuer, the relevant Authorised Participant and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
(iv) 
if by 6.30 p.m. on the Issuer Business Day following notification by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant of any determination made 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii) above either the Issuer or 
CI

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
the relevant Authorised Participant notifies the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty that it requires the appointment of a leading dealer in commodity 
derivatives as substitute calculation agent (a Substitute Calculation Agent) to 
determine the fair market values for any futures contract for which a Market Disruption 
Event would (but for this paragraph (d)) have prevented the determination of the Price 
hereunder in accordance with this paragraph and the Price, then (unless agreement 
is reached otherwise in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above) each of the Issuer, 
the relevant Authorised Participant and the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty shall, in the absence of manifest error, be bound by a determination 
made by the Substitute Calculation Agent of such fair market values and Price. Any 
Substitute Calculation Agent shall be appointed jointly by relevant Authorised 
Participant and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or, at the request of 
either, by the Issuer. Any Substitute Calculation Agent, if it is an Authorised 
Participant, shall be independent of the Creation concerned and shall itself have no 
similar transactions with the Issuer awaiting Pricing in accordance with provisions of 
its Authorised Participant Agreement analogous to Condition 7.10(b). The Issuer shall 
not be obliged to appoint any Substitute Calculation Agent hereunder unless it is 
indemnified and/or secured to its reasonable satisfaction against any liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable. In performing its duties under this paragraph 
any Substitute Calculation Agent shall calculate such fair market values and Price in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall calculate such Price 
as at the close of business on the Issuer Business Day on which the notice under 
sub-paragraph (ii) above was deemed given using the formula set  out  in  Condition 
7.10(b) and, for each relevant futures contract for which a Market Disruption Event 
would (but for this paragraph (d)) have prevented the determination of the Price 
hereunder, a fair market value for such futures contract using the principles set out 
in Condition 14.3 and the applicable reported settlement prices for all other relevant 
futures contracts. The Substitute Calculation Agent shall assume, without enquiry, 
that any determination by the original Calculation Agent as to whether a Market 
Disruption Event in relation to any futures contract has occurred is correct and shall 
be bound by any such determination. Accordingly the role of the Substitute 
Calculation Agent shall be limited to the determination of the relevant fair market 
values and the Price consequent upon such determinations. The Substitute 
Calculation Agent shall have no liability or responsibility to the parties for any error or 
omission in making any determination in connection with this paragraph. 
 
7.11 A Settlement Redemption Form which is received by the Issuer on an Issuer Business Day after 
the Notice Deadline but prior to 6.30 p.m. shall be deemed to be received by the Issuer at 8.00 a.m. 
on the following Issuer Business Day, unless the Issuer agrees to treat that Settlement Redemption 
Form as having been received prior to the Notice Deadline in which case it shall be deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline. 
7.12 Within one Business Day after the last Pricing Date in respect of any Settlement Redemption 
Form, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Security Holder of the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of that Settlement Redemption Form, determined as provided above. 
7.13 The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Settlement Pricing Forms 
and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions using Settlement Pricing to the 
extent of any such change or variation. 
 
Agreed Pricing 
7.14 A Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant may submit an Agreed 
Redemption Form to the Issuer (either jointly, or in separate notices). An Agreed Redemption Form 
is conclusive evidence that the Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant 
have agreed upon the Redemption by the Issuer of a number and class of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities specified in the notice(s), and the US Dollar amount which is the 
Redemption Amount for those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
7.15 If a Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant purport to send an Agreed 
Redemption Form by separate notices: 
(a) 
which are inconsistent with one another in relation to any of the items referred to in 
Condition 7.17(a), 7.17(b) or 7.17(c); or 
(b) 
one of which is invalid under Condition 7.17, 
those notices shall not constitute a valid Agreed Redemption Form and the Issuer shall reject the 
notices and advise that Commodity Contract Counterparty and that Authorised Participant 
accordingly. 
7.16 Where an Agreed Redemption Form is submitted by separate notices from the Authorised 
Participant and a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer shall be deemed to have received 
the Agreed Redemption Form at the time that it is deemed to receive the second of the two notices. 
7.17 An Agreed Redemption Form shall be invalid in the circumstances specified in Condition 7.19(c) 
or if it does not set out: 
(a) 
the number and class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
the Redemption Amount for that Redemption (stated as a total amount); and 
(c) 
the Redemption Payment Date for that Redemption, which shall be not earlier than two 
London Business Days following the day on which the Agreed Redemption Form is deemed 
received by the Issuer. 
 
Suspension of Redemptions 
7.18 If the Price of a class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls below its Principal Amount, 
the Issuer may at any time and from time to time while the Price in relation to such class is below 
such Principal Amount determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) and, subject as provided in this 
Condition 7.18, may terminate any such suspension. The following provisions shall apply where 
the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 
days, and may continue thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued 
convening a meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the 
purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing 
the Principal Amount to a level less than the Price, in which event the suspension will cease 
when the meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution 
is passed and makes alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or 
deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to 
this Condition shall be invalid; and 
(d) 
if the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to 
Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition as at 6.30 p.m. on the second 
Issuer Business Day prior to a Compulsory Redemption Date for that class pursuant to 
Condition 8.6, then notwithstanding that a number of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of that class may have been specified pursuant to that Condition which is not all 
of those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, such Compulsory Redemption Date 
shall be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all of the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of that class. 
7.19 If the Issuer is considering exercising its power under Condition 18.3 to divide any Pool, or has 
determined to exercise such power, it may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities of the class attributable to such Pool under Condition 7.1(a) 
and Condition 7.1(b) and, subject as provided in this Condition 7.19, may terminate any such

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
suspension. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its 
powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to     30 
days but (without prejudice to Condition 8.4) shall terminate when either the Issuer has 
determined to divide such Pool and such division has become effective or the Issuer has 
announced via an RIS that it has determined not to divide such Pool; and 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form or Agreed 
Redemption Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to 
Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class is suspended pursuant to 
this Condition shall be invalid. 
7.20 If the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer 
pursuant to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in 
connection therewith) that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United 
Kingdom of “Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds” any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation 
Agent of a substitute index value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly 
burdensome, the Issuer may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities 
of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) and, subject as provided in this Condition 7.20, may 
terminate any such suspension at its discretion. The following provisions shall apply where the 
Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not 
prevent the exercise of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 90 
days; and 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed 
before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or 
deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition 
shall be invalid. 
8. 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
8.1 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than seven days’ notice in the case of (a) below, not 
less than thirty days’ notice in the case of (b) below) by RIS announcement nominate an Issuer 
Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, or all Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of any one or more class, if: 
(a) 
notice is given by either party thereto terminating a Facility Agreement or nominating a 
compulsory pricing date thereunder in respect of all Commodity Contracts created 
thereunder; or 
(b) 
the Issuer elects to Redeem all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, or all Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of any one or more class, 
provided that a notice given under paragraph (b) may be withdrawn until the date not later than 
seven days prior to the date nominated to be the Compulsory Redemption Date so long as there 
remains in effect at least one Facility Agreement pursuant to which subsequent to that date

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Commodity Contracts of the same class as such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may 
be created. 
8.2 
If a Counterparty Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of the last signature) of the 
affected Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that all the affected Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities outstanding are required to be Redeemed and nominating an Issuer Business Day 
falling not less than 20 Issuer Business Days (or two Issuer Business Days in the case of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event) from the giving of such notice to be a Compulsory Redemption Date and for 
this purpose “affected Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities” means, in the context of an 
Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default, those 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include 
rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
8.3 
If a Compulsory Redemption Date is nominated by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) in 
relation to any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities following notice having been given by 
the Issuer to terminate a Facility Agreement or to nominate a compulsory pricing date thereunder 
by reason of a Counterparty Event of Default and, prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date, the 
Issuer has either: 
(a) 
determined to divide a Pool to which outstanding Commodity Contracts created under that 
Facility Agreement are attributable by allocating all such Commodity Contracts to the New 
Pool in accordance with Condition 18.3; or 
(b) 
announced by an RIS its intention to do so or that it is considering doing so, 
the Issuer may determine that the Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) shall not apply to the 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to that Pool but shall apply (mutatis 
mutandis) to the New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to such new Pool 
and otherwise on the basis of this Condition 8. If in the case of paragraph (b) such division shall 
not have become effective within 30 days of such announcement, this Condition shall cease to 
have effect. The Issuer shall give notice of any determination made pursuant to this Condition 8.3 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise 
of its powers hereunder. 
8.4 
If a Facility Agreement has been terminated, or notice of a compulsory pricing date thereunder by 
reason of a Counterparty Event of Default has been given, then no further Redemption Forms in 
respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to a Pool to which outstanding 
Commodity Contracts created under that Facility Agreement are attributable, given on or after the 
date of such termination or given or deemed given after the date of such notice shall be effective 
unless and until whichever occurs earlier of: 
(a) 
the Issuer has determined to divide such Pool as referred to in Condition 8.3 and such 
division has become effective; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has announced by an RIS that Redemption Forms given after, or on or after, 
the date specified in such announcement will be effective, the date determined in 
accordance with such announcement. Any such announcement may be general or subject 
to conditions and any Redemption Form which would not be effective in the absence of 
such announcement shall not be effective if it is not in accordance with such conditions. 
 
Compulsory Redemption due to Index Disruption 
8.5 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement nominate 
an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of a particular class if: 
(a) 
a Commodity Index which relates to that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
is no longer calculated and published in accordance with the Handbook and the Calculation

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Agent gives notice to the Issuer under a Facility Agreement of its intent to discontinue 
calculation and notification of that Commodity Index to the Issuer under that Facility 
Agreement; or 
(b) 
non-calculation or non-publication of a Commodity Index which relates to that class of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities for any reason continues for a continuous period of 
thirty days, and a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer are unable to reach 
agreement on a permanent replacement mechanism or amendments to the relevant Facility 
Agreement to give effect to that mechanism. 
8.5 A The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) by RIS announcement 
nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Commodity 
Securities of a particular class if the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class 
pursuant to Condition 7.1(a), is suspended pursuant to Condition 7.20 for at least 30 calendar 
days. 
 
Compulsory Redemption due to Hedging Disruption 
8.6 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement nominate 
an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for a particular class of Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, if as a consequence of a Hedging Disruption Event a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is required by law or by the order of a 
regulatory authority having jurisdiction to close hedging positions (if any) which a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty (acting reasonably) attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection 
with the relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the same class. Any such notice 
may specify a number of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities (which may not be all of those 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) to be redeemed in consequence of such notice and if 
in relation to any particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities the Issuer does not 
redeem all the outstanding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities they will be redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 8.13 pro rata to holdings on the relevant Register as at the Compulsory 
Redemption Date. Any nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date by the Issuer under this 
Condition 8.6 in relation to less than all of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of a 
particular class is subject to Condition 7.18. 
 
Compulsory Redemption on a fall in the Price relative to the Principal Amount 
8.7 
If on any Pricing Day the Price of any class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 
times the Principal Amount of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security or below, the Issuer 
may at any time, for so long as the Price continues to be less than 2.5 times the Principal Amount 
of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security and during the period 60 days thereafter, upon 
not less than 2 days’ notice by RIS announcement nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a 
Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security 
and subject to Condition 3.2 investors will receive a sum on such Compulsory Redemption 
calculated in accordance with Condition 8.13. The right to nominate an Issuer Business Day to be 
a Compulsory Redemption Date to this Condition 8.7 shall cease if an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed which has the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level less than two-fifths of the 
Price, but this is without prejudice to any subsequent nomination pursuant to this Condition if on 
any Pricing Day the Price of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security falls to 2.5 times 
the Principal Amount (as so reduced) of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Security or below. 
 
Compulsory Redemption when Intra-day Price falls to zero 
8.8 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the 
same class as any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities has fallen to or below zero at any 
time during any Trading Day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty notifies the Issuer that 
Commodity Contracts of that class have been terminated then a number of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of such class equivalent to the number of Commodity Contracts of that 
class that have been terminated will automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on 
that day and, subject to Condition 3.2, Security Holders in respect thereof will receive a sum 
calculated in accordance with Condition 8.13 as if a Compulsory Redemption Date had been 
notified in respect of such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and, in the case of any 
Second Month Securities, on the basis that the Price of such Second Month Securities shall be 
zero. The Issuer will give notice

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
via a RIS as soon as practicable upon being notified as described in the preceding sentence of 
this Condition 8.8, but no liability is assumed by the Issuer for any failure to give any such notice 
and failure to give any such notice shall not prejudice any Compulsory Redemption pursuant to 
the preceding sentence of this Condition 8.8 which shall have effect as provided therein whether 
or not, and irrespective of when, notice is given by the Issuer pursuant to this sentence. Where 
pursuant to this Condition not all outstanding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of a 
particular class will be redeemed on such day, they will be redeemed pro rata to holdings on the 
relevant Register as at that day. 
 
Compulsory Redemption for cause 
8.9 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time by written notice to a Security Holder 
nominate an Issuer Business Day (being not less than seven Trading Days and not more than 
fourteen Trading Days following the date of the notice) to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in 
respect of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 to certify whether 
or not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date 
specified in the notice given under Condition 13 provide such a certification to the Issuer in 
the form and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 13 to certify whether 
or not it is a Prohibited US Person and the (i) Security Holder did not by the date specified 
in the notice given under Condition 13 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form 
and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited 
US Person; or 
(c) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities are or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of 
any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to 
own those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding 
or continued ownership or holding of those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
(whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer 
to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax 
disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which it or they might not otherwise 
have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(i) or (b)(i) so failed 
to provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, in each case in respect of some only 
of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under 
this Condition shall relate only to those Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (and not any 
other Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder). 
8.10 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.9 provides to the Issuer 
prior to the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a 
Prohibited US Person, then the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities referred to in that 
notice shall not be redeemed under these Conditions. 
8.11 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 8.9 does not provide to the 
Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities referred 
to in that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that Security Holder and the Issuer 
shall not be required to register any purported transfer of those Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. 
8.12 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration 
taken or made in accordance with this Condition 8. The exercise of the powers conferred by this 
Condition 8 shall not be questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
insufficient evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, or any other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in 
good faith. 
 
Compulsory Redemptions 
8.13 
Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in accordance with these Conditions other than 
pursuant to Condition 8.9, in respect thereof: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall, no later than 8.00 a.m. on the Compulsory Redemption Date, by RIS 
announcement publish the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of each relevant class to be priced on successive Pricing Days for 
each class commencing on the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced for each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to which the Compulsory Redemption Date relates shall be priced until Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class (including, in the case of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date notified in accordance with Condition 8.6, all those Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities that have previously been deducted from the Compulsory Daily 
Pricing Number for that class pursuant to the proviso contained in the definition of 
“Compulsory Number Priced” in connection with that Compulsory Pricing Date) in a number 
equal to the Compulsory Redemption Number for that class have been priced; 
(c) 
on the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory Redemption the Issuer shall 
(subject to the Security Holder depositing the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
in question into an appropriate CREST account or otherwise delivering such Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer) pay into the 
appropriate Redemption Account(s) the sum of the Prices or, if higher in each case but not 
in aggregate (but subject to Condition 3.2), the Principal Amounts of all Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities thereby priced together with an amount equivalent to interest thereon 
calculated at the rate of the Capital Adjustment then prevailing, in each case from the second 
London Business Day following the Pricing Day on which that Price was determined 
(provided that if either that day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New 
York Business Day then from the Business Day next following the day from which it would 
have been calculated but for this proviso) until and including the Redemption Payment Date; 
(d) 
each Redemption Account shall be credited with the relevant Security Holder’s pro-rata 
share of the sum of the Prices or, if higher in each case but not in aggregate (but subject to 
Condition 3.2), the Principal Amounts of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
thereby priced (and the Issuer shall be under no obligation to make payment of the amount 
so priced until that amount shall have been determined); and 
(e) 
upon payment in full of that amount all such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
which were so priced shall be cancelled. 
8.14 
Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified to a Security Holder in accordance with 
Condition 8.9: 
(a) 
the Redemption Amount with respect to such Redemption shall be the amount (in US 
Dollars) equal to the sum of the Prices for the relevant Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities determined in accordance with paragraph (b); 
(b) 
on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced of each class of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities shall be priced until Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class in 
a number equal to the Compulsory Redemption Number for that class have been priced; 
and 
(c) 
within three Business Days of the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory 
Redemption the Issuer shall (subject to the Security Holder depositing the Short and 
Leveraged  Commodity  Securities  in  question  into  an  appropriate  CREST  account or

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
otherwise delivering such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to the Issuer in such 
manner as may be agreed by the Issuer or otherwise all such Short and Leveraged 
Commodity securities being cancelled to the satisfaction of the Issuer) pay into the 
appropriate Redemption Account(s) the Redemption Amount. 
 
9. 
SETTLEMENT OF REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
9.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been given for the Redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities, the Security Holder which holds those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which 
are the subject of that Redemption must deposit the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in 
question into an appropriate CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions 
in accordance with the Redemption Notice if they were in Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver 
the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be Redeemed and any certificates representing 
them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer may agree if they are in Certificated Form. Once 
a valid Redemption Form is given in respect of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, unless 
the Redemption Form is validly withdrawn (in accordance with Condition 7.9) the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of which it was given may not be transferred by the 
Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any subsequent 
transfer of any of those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
9.2 
Failure by a Security Holder to deposit those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities into an 
appropriate CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions shall not 
invalidate the Redemption of those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. Where settlement 
of a Redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities is delayed due to the failure of the 
Security Holder to deposit the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in question into an 
appropriate CREST account or give correct delivery versus payment instructions or otherwise 
deliver such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and any certificates representing them in 
a manner agreed by the Issuer, the Security Holder shall not be entitled to any interest on the 
Redemption Amount after the Redemption Payment Date. If the Security Holder fails to deliver 
such Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another 
method agreed with the Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled to pay the Redemption Amount in 
respect thereof into the Trustee’s Redemption Account (to be held on trust for the Security Holder), 
and to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. 
9.3 
Where Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 8, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, upon payment of the Redemption Amount (less the Redemption Fee, 
if applicable) into the applicable Redemption Account to cancel the entry in the Register in respect 
of those Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities being Redeemed. 
9.4 
Save to the extent that the proviso to Condition 7.2 applies, payment of the Redemption Amount 
(less any applicable Redemption Fee deducted under Condition 10) into the applicable 
Redemption Account on the Redemption Payment Date is in full satisfaction of all liability which 
the Issuer has to Security Holders in respect of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
which have been Redeemed. 
9.5 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
may have to withhold or deduct from a payment for a Commodity Contract Termination that 
corresponds to any Redemption by that Security Holder an amount for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political 
sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified 
by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice 
shall specify any form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities that may allow the Commodity Contract Counterparty to make such 
payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at a 
reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty by the relevant Security Holder or if it is not the beneficial owner 
of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities held by such Security Holder and which are to be 
redeemed, then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to 
pay any Redemption Amount to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the amount of the

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
withholding or deduction. If there is more than one Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer 
shall not be under any obligation to select the Commodity Contract Counterparty to whom the 
Commodity Contract Termination relates with a view to minimising or avoiding any such withholding 
or deduction or otherwise and shall have no liability to Security Holders in respect of any such 
selection or otherwise in relation to any such withholding or deduction. 
9.6 
The Redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the 
occurrence of a Listing Failure, and delivery of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities by an 
Authorised Participant in connection therewith, shall be effected in accordance with the procedures 
set out in the applicable Authorised Participant Agreement. 
9.7 
The Issuer may give such directions to the Security Holder as appear to the Issuer to be necessary 
to enable the settlement of any payment or delivery to be made by it pursuant to this Condition. 
 
10. 
REDEMPTION FEE 
10.1 Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to 
Redeem Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption 
Fee from the Redemption Amount and that if it does not the Security Holder of such Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such 
Redemption in accordance with this Condition 10. The Issuer may offset the amount of the 
Redemption Fee payable hereunder against the Redemption Amount payable to the Security 
Holder. 
10.2 On a Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities at the request of an Authorised 
Participant, the Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement to be payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that 
Authorised Participant at the time of the Redemption, regardless of the number of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities being redeemed. 
10.3 On a Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities at the request of a Security 
Holder who is not an Authorised Participant (where there are no Authorised Participants), the 
Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption 
request, which shall be notified to the Security Holder at the time of the Redemption being not 
greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS. 
10.4 On a Compulsory Redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities by the Issuer or at 
the request of the Trustee, the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer 
incurred in relation to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under Condition 13 and 
the cost of giving notices under Condition 8 being not greater than £500 or such other amount as 
may be notified through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities are subject to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and 
their allocation to particular Security Holders, at the time of the Redemption. 
10.5 The Issuer may set off any amount payable to the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 10 by 
the holder of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of the Redemption Fee against 
the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer to such holder. 
 
11. 
INTEREST ON SETTLEMENT FAILURE 
Following the occurrence of a Settlement Failure, interest shall accrue on any balance of the Redemption 
Amount not paid or otherwise discharged by or on behalf of the Issuer from the Settlement Failure Date. 
Such interest shall: 
(a) 
accrue at the Funding Rate from and including the Settlement Failure Date to but excluding the 
date falling two Business Days after the Settlement Failure Date, and thereafter at the Default 
Rate; and 
(b) 
cease to accrue on the date on which such balance is paid into the relevant Redemption Account.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
12. 
SATISFACTION OF REDEMPTION FORMS BY TRANSFER 
The Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate 
number of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to one or more Authorised Participant(s) from 
Security Holder(s) seeking Redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on 
behalf of the Security Holder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant 
number(s) of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities provided that the amount payable to the 
Security Holder shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount (less the Redemption 
Fee) and the relevant Redemption Payment Day will be the date of the transfer(s). 
 
13. 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
13.1 The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security 
Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the Investor Notice Expiry Date) falling fifteen Trading 
Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement to that 
Security Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or 
Prohibited US Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and class of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or 
Prohibited US Person); and 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in 
respect of all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer 
by the Investor Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner 
determined by the Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited 
US Person in respect of certain Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by it,  
specifying the number and class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of 
which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or is, and is not, a Prohibited US 
Person). 
13.2 The Issuer may provide to any Commodity Contract Counterparty copies of any enquiries made 
by it under this Condition 13 and any responses received from the Security Holder. 
13.3 The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 13, 
to assume that none of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are held by Prohibited US 
Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors. 
 
14. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
14.1 The Calculation Agent is appointed by the Issuer and each Commodity Contract Counterparty for 
the purposes of the relevant Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of these Conditions, the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument): 
(a) 
to determine whether a Market Disruption Event exists and to make the determinations and 
calculations expressly contemplated in the definition of “Intra-day Price”; 
(b) 
to make the calculations and determinations expressly contemplated in the definitions of 
“Exchange Index Value”, “Out-of-Hours Index Value”, “Restrike Index Value” and “Restrike 
Index Value Determination Window”; 
(c) 
if an Individual Commodity Index is not published for five or more consecutive Trading Days 
by reason of those Trading Days being Market Disruption Days in respect of that Individual 
Commodity Index or any Composite Commodity Index is not published for five or more 
consecutive Trading Days by reason of those Trading Days being Market Disruption Days 
in relation to any commodity the Settlement Price of which is used to determine that 
Composite Commodity Index, to calculate and provide to the Issuer in each case a substitute 
value for that Commodity Index on each subsequent Trading Day for as long as the Market 
Disruption Event continues;

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
(d) 
if a Commodity Index is not published on a Trading Day for any reason other than that 
Trading Day being a Market Disruption Day in respect of that Commodity Index, to calculate 
and provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Commodity Index for that Trading Day 
and for each subsequent Trading Day for as long as the non-publication continues; and 
(e) 
to make the determinations and calculations provided for in Condition 7.10(d)(ii). 
14.2 The Calculation Agent is or will be required under each relevant Facility Agreement (or any 
calculation agency agreement entered into by it in connection therewith) to act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with its obligations set out in that Facility 
Agreement (or such calculation agency agreement). Subject thereto, in the absence of manifest 
error the determinations of the Calculation Agent are final and conclusive. 
14.3 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement the Calculation Agent calculates a substitute 
value for a Commodity Index it is or will be required to adopt and follow the following principles in 
making that calculation: 
(a) 
the substitute value shall be based on the Calculation Agent’s determination of the fair 
market value at such time of the futures contracts underlying the Commodity Index based 
on factors the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, but not limited to, prices in other 
commodity markets, any available electronic or after hours trading prices, related over-the- 
counter or other non-exchange based prices, implied prices that may be derived from other 
exchange traded instruments, and estimated fair values based on fundamental market 
information; and 
(b) 
in determining the substitute value, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to relative 
movements in prices in other commodity futures markets for the same or similar 
commodities which were not affected by the Market Disruption Event or other event. 
14.4 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement a substitute value for a Commodity Index is 
calculated by the Calculation Agent for a Trading Day, that substitute value shall be used in the 
calculation of the Price of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to which that Commodity 
Index is applicable for that Trading Day, in lieu of the Commodity Index. Where for the purposes 
of each Facility Agreement a substitute value for an Individual Commodity Index is calculated by 
the Calculation Agent for any time on any day for the purposes of the definition of “Exchange Index 
Value”, “Out-of-Hours Index Value” or “Restrike Index Value” in each Facility Agreement, that 
substitute value shall be used for the purposes of the definition of “Exchange Index Value”, “Out- 
of-Hours Index Value” or “Restrike Index Value” (as the case may be) in these Conditions as 
provided therein. 
14.5 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement the Calculation Agent calculates a substitute 
value for an Individual Commodity Index as referred to in Condition 14.1(b), it is or will be required 
to adopt and follow the principles referred to in Condition 14.3 and the following principles in 
making that calculation: 
(a) 
in respect of Out-of-Hours in respect of any Three Times Commodity Contract or Second 
Month Contract of any class and any General Trading Session, the Calculation Agent shall 
have regard to the liquidity or illiquidity of any relevant market during such Out-of-Hours; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of any Three Times Commodity Commodity Contract of any class in respect of 
which the Relevant Exchange for the applicable Individual Commodity Index is the London 
Metal Exchange, the Calculation Agent shall also have regard to the price of the 3-month 
futures contract specified for the particular Constituent Metal (as such term is defined in the 
‘London Metal Exchange Rules And Regulations’ as published by the London Metal 
Exchange (or its subsidiaries or any successor)) applicable to that class. 
14.6 If the Issuer provides copies to the Trustee of determinations notified to the Issuer by the 
Calculation Agent and/or notifies the Trustee (or any other person) of determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent, but it shall do so on the express basis that: 
(a) 
such copies and notifications are provided to the Trustee for information purposes only;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(b) 
neither the Trustee nor any holder or potential holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities shall be entitled to rely as against the Calculation Agent upon any determination 
of the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
no duty shall be owed by the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any holder or potential 
holder of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in connection with any such 
determination. 
 
15. 
ENFORCEMENT 
15.1 In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed with 
respect to the Secured Property, the Trustee may at any time: 
(a) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee 
having first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which 
it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings 
and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such 
obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the 
Security Deed(s) in respect of the relevant Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to 
which such Defaulted Obligation relates; and 
(b) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was 
determined on such date the most recently determined Price) of the affected Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it 
may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against 
or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument 
and the security constituted by the Security Deed(s) in respect of all affected and 
outstanding Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities and for this purpose (and Condition 
15.3) “affected Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities” means, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default, those 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which 
include rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
15.2 If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings 
and obligations (other than payment obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied the 
same within 30 calendar days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but shall 
not be obliged to, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, 
the Trustee shall provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer and shall include with the 
notice any statement of not more than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to the 
Trustee for the purpose within 7 calendar days of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice referred 
to herein. In any such notice the Trustee may designate a Period (the Breach Redemption 
Period) commencing on any General Trading Day until the date one month from such General 
Trading Day (inclusive) during which each Security Holder will be entitled to redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by it in the same manner as 
though there were no Authorised Participants. After the expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, 
the relevant breach shall be deemed waived without prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take 
action in the event of any subsequent such breach. 
15.3 In the event that at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended pursuant 
to Condition 7.18 or the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class 
is suspended pursuant to Condition 7.19, then the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 15.2 shall be suspended in like manner and the 
provisions of Condition 7.18(c) or Condition 7.19(c) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. Upon the suspension ceasing under Condition 7.18 or Condition 7.19 (as the case may

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
be), the right to Redeem Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to 
Condition 15.2 shall resume and the Breach Redemption Period in respect of that class shall 
continue until the date one month from the date on which the suspension so ceased. 
15.4 If a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same time 
as a Defaulted Obligation, a Security Holder holding affected Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to 
take action in accordance with Condition 15.1(a) until the expiry of 30 calendar days from the 
occurrence of the Counterparty Event of Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be 
so entitled if, during such period of 30 calendar days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, 
to take action in accordance with Condition 15.1(b). 
15.5 Subject to Condition 15.7, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust Instrument or 
the Security Deeds. Where the Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by a Security Deed, the right 
of Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with the Issuer shall cease. Valid Redemption 
Forms lodged before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the security (the 
Election Date) will be Redeemed in the normal manner. The Price for all Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of a particular class outstanding at the Election Date will be the average 
Redemption Amount of the remaining Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class. 
15.6 If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 15.1 with respect to any Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to which a Defaulted Obligation relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that 
such Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and 
they shall become, due and payable at their Redemption Amount, calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7.1 (Redemption Entitlement). 
15.7 No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is 
continuing, in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against the Issuer 
as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in relation to the Issuer. 
 
16. 
APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect of a 
particular class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities shall be held by the Trustee upon trust, 
to apply them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee and unpaid (including 
to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by the Trustee) under 
terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of any remuneration and expenses of any receiver 
and the costs of realisation of the security constituted by the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then 
due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class; and 
(c) 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in respect 
of, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between the Issuer 
and any other person). 
 
17. 
RESTRICTIONS 
So long as any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of a particular class are outstanding, the 
Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
(a) 
not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for borrowed money other 
than Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or Further Securities, and not to give any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with the prior 
written consent of the Trustee; 
AXX(VIII).3.4.6A 
AXX(XII).4.1.6A 
A19.3.4.7

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(b) 
other than as permitted under the applicable Security Deed, not to dispose of any of the Secured 
Property or any interest therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in favour of any person; 
(c) 
not to undertake any business save for the issue and redemption of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, the acquisition and disposal of Commodity Contracts, the issue and 
redemption of Classic and Longer Dated Securities (and any other securities constituted by the 
Classic Trust Instrument) and the acquisition and disposal of Commodity Contracts (as defined in 
the Classic Trust Instrument) and in each case entering into the necessary documents and 
performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder; 
(d) 
to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months following 
Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at least one Authorised 
Participant; 
(e) 
not to issue any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class unless it has purchased 
Commodity Contracts with corresponding terms and in an aggregate matching Redemption 
Amount; 
(f) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in any jurisdiction other than Jersey; 
(g) 
not to make any election under U.S. federal income tax laws to be treated otherwise than as an 
association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(h) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation; 
(i) 
to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that they are readily 
distinguishable from each other and from any other pool to which any other class of securities of 
the Issuer is attributable (including but not limited to any Pool (as defined for the purposes of the 
Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument)); and 
(j) 
to exercise its rights in respect of any Collateral in any circumstance where such rights become 
exercisable and there are amounts due from the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and 
unpaid. 
 
18. 
FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; TRANSFERS TO NEW POOLS; 
CONSOLIDATION AND DIVISION 
18.1 Subject to its ability to create corresponding Commodity Contracts, the Issuer may (without the 
consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of undated limited recourse 
secured debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental to this Trust Instrument 
and may establish additional pools for the purposes of such securities and the Trustee shall join 
in such instrument or deed and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the purposes of the Trust 
Instrument and such securities shall be Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities for such 
purposes. Any such additional classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities shall have 
recourse only to the Pool attributable to the relevant class and not to any other Pool. Other such 
securities created and issued by the Issuer under this Condition 18.1 may relate to different 
commodities than those in respect of which Short and Leveraged Individual Securities are initially 
issued, or involve the same commodities but different commodity indices, or be Short and 
Leveraged Index Securities involving different composite commodity indices, or have different 
Leverage Factors. Other such securities created by the Issuer under this Condition 18.1 may be 
created and issued subject to different terms and conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument 
(including but not limited to different pricing mechanisms), to be determined by the Issuer. If other 
securities issued by the Issuer under this Condition 18.1 are subject to different terms and 
conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument the Issuer shall publish those new conditions in its RIS 
announcement or in a prospectus or listing particulars or supplementary prospectus or 
supplementary listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
18.2 The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
of a new class under Condition 18.1 unless it has first (a) created corresponding Commodity 
Contracts under the terms of a Facility Agreement and (b) executed and delivered to the Trustee

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
a Security Deed assigning by way of security, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant 
Security Holders, the contractual rights of the Issuer under each commodity contract of the relevant 
class and creating a first floating charge, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security 
Holders, over the rights of the Issuer under that facility agreement (to the extent that it relates to 
such class), commodity contracts of that class created under it and any Guarantee supporting the 
obligations of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to the Issuer to the extent that they 
apply to payments due in respect of that new class, for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant 
Security Holders. 
18.3 The Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the Security Holders and without giving prior 
notice) determine to divide any Pool (the Existing Pool) by allocating some of the Secured 
Property attributable to that existing Pool to a new Pool (the New Pool). If it determines to do so, 
the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer may only transfer all (and not merely some) of the Commodity Contracts with 
any one Commodity Contract Counterparty attributable to that Pool; 
(b) 
prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall create undated limited 
recourse secured securities (New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) of a new 
class referable to the same Commodity Index and otherwise on the same terms as the Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities attributable to the Existing Pool (the Existing Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities), each having a principal amount and Price 
determined in accordance with Condition 18.3(c) constituted by an instrument or deed on 
the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no 
obligation to procure Listing of the New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities) and on 
terms that such New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities shall have recourse only to 
the assets attributable to the New Pool, and (subject as provided in paragraph (e)) shall 
issue such New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to the Security Holders of the 
Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities outstanding immediately prior to the 
transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security for each Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Security then held. For this 
purpose (but subject as provided in paragraph (e)) any Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Security in respect of which a Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing shall be 
treated as outstanding; 
(c) 
the principal amount and Price of each New Short or Leveraged Commodity Security shall 
(subject as provided in paragraph (e)) be the proportion of the principal amount and Price 
respectively, of each Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Security outstanding 
immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective (including any calculation made of the 
Price for that day in accordance with Condition 5) that the aggregate Price of the Commodity 
Contracts to be transferred bears to the aggregate Price of the Commodity Contracts 
attributable to the Existing Pool, and on the creation and issue of the New Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities becoming effective the principal amount and Price of each 
Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Security shall be reduced accordingly; 
(d) 
the Issuer shall enter into a Security Deed with the Trustee in relation to the assets 
attributable to the New Pool to secure the New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
which shall be on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Security Deed (the Existing 
Security Deed) in relation to the Existing Pool, and the Trustee shall release the property 
to be transferred from the Existing Security Deed; and 
(e) 
any valid Redemption Form received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities which have not by then been Redeemed and in 
respect of which the Redemption Amount has not been paid in accordance with Condition 9): 
(i) 
in a case where in respect of the Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given under Condition 8.2 prior 
to such division becoming effective, the date on which such notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date was given; 
(ii) 
in a case where in respect of the relevant Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given (either following 
the giving of notice by the Issuer to nominate a compulsory pricing date under a

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Facility Agreement following a Counterparty Event of Default or the giving of notice 
by a Commodity Contract Counterparty to nominate a compulsory pricing date under 
its Facility Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event (as defined in any 
applicable Guarantee)) under Condition 8.1(a) prior to such division becoming 
effective, the date on which notice of the Compulsory Redemption Date was given; 
(iii) 
in any other case where in respect of the relevant Existing Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given 
prior to such division becoming effective, the Compulsory Redemption Date; and 
(iv) 
in any other case, the date on which such division becomes effective, 
and in each case being valid notwithstanding Condition 7.8(g) and Condition 8.4, shall have 
effect as if given in respect either of the Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
or of the New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities dependent upon the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty (the Relevant Counterparty) to whom a Cancellation Notice (as 
defined in the Facility Agreement) (the Relevant Cancellation Notice) had been delivered 
under a Facility Agreement for the purposes of the Redemption intended to be effected 
pursuant to such Redemption Form as determined in its absolute discretion by the Issuer. 
Accordingly: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (c), 
Commodity Contracts the subject of all Relevant Cancellation Notices shall be 
excluded, and the principal amounts and Prices referred to therein shall be calculated 
as though all such Commodity Contracts had been terminated; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (c), 
Commodity Contracts that have been created for the purposes of an Application that 
has not been completed by the issue of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
shall be excluded, and the principal amounts and Prices referred to therein shall be 
calculated as though all such Commodity Contacts had not been created; and 
(iii) 
each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities was received or deemed received shall 
not be issued New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities as provided in 
paragraph (b) and instead each of the Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to which such Redemption Form relates shall be divided into Existing Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities or New Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities as are attributable to the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the 
Relevant Counterparty are attributable immediately following the transfer becoming 
effective, each such Existing Short or Leveraged Commodity Security ranking pari 
passu with and having the same principal amount and Price as the other Existing 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class as reduced in accordance 
with paragraph (c) and each such New Short or Leveraged Commodity Security 
ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount and Price as the other 
New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class, and each such Security 
Holder shall hold upon such division becoming effective such number as nearly as 
practicable (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of Existing Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities or New Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
(as the case may be) as has the same aggregate principal amount as had the Existing 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in respect of which the Redemption Form 
related immediately prior to the division becoming effective. 
18.4 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class into Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of 
the same class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Such 
consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust 
Instrument. 
18.5 Whenever as a result of consolidation of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities a Security 
Holder would become entitled to a fraction of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security the Issuer 
will Redeem such fraction of a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
19. 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE SHORT AND LEVERAGED COMMODITY SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
20. 
LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as 
any of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best 
endeavours or if the maintenance of such listing is agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous, 
use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the quotation or listing of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities on such other stock exchange as it may (with the prior written approval of 
the Trustee) decide. 
 
21. 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
21.1 The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if 
and in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in these Trust Instruments or the Security Deeds, or determine 
that any Defaulted Obligation, Issuer Insolvency Event or Counterparty Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such provided that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this 
Condition, (a) with respect to a Defaulted Obligation, in contravention of any express direction 
given by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed or (b) with respect to an 
Issuer Insolvency Event or any Counterparty Event of Default or any other breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument, in 
contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. 
by Principal Amount (as at the date of the last signature) of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders 
(as a single class), but so that no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or 
determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be 
given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Trustee may determine, 
shall be binding on the Security Holders and, if, but only if, the Trustee shall so require, shall be 
notified by the Issuer to the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
21.2 Security Holders in respect of any class or classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
have power by Extraordinary Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the release of the Issuer from the 
payment of moneys payable pursuant to the Trust Instrument, to sanction any modification, 
abrogation or compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, their rights against the Issuer, to assent 
to any modification or abrogation of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument 
proposed or agreed to by the Issuer and also to sanction other matters as provided therein. The 
Trust Instrument contains provisions relating to the convening of meetings by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and provides that, except in the case of an adjourned meeting, at least fourteen calendar 
days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to be served and of 
the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting, including any meeting which is being 
convened for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution, shall be given to the Security 
Holders of the relevant class or classes. In the case of a meeting adjourned through want of a 
quorum, other than one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least seven calendar 
days’ notice (exclusive as aforesaid) should be given unless the day, time and place for the 
adjourned meeting is specified in the notice convening the original meeting. 
 
22. 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each 
class of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time 
to time, and shall incur no liability for so doing. 
 
23. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
24. 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
24.1 The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred 
by reason of such retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Security Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being 
of the Trust Instrument. 
24.2 The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice to its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee is appointed. 
 
25. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Conditions, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the Trust Instrument are 
governed by the laws of Jersey. The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. 
Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security 
Deeds, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent 
jurisdiction. 
 
26. 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee (or any director, 
officer or employee of the Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach 
of trust and save in such circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the 
Trustee) in execution of the trusts and powers under the Trust Instrument, shall be liable for any 
loss arising by reason of any mistake or omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing 
including fraud, wilful misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or 
employee or Trustee. 
 
27. 
AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer 
and the Trustee. Any amendment to these Conditions will, subject to Condition 28.7, be notified to 
Security Holders through an RIS announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee shall 
not take effect until at least 30 calendar days following such announcement. 
 
28. 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
28.1 Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that it will not amend, vary, modify or 
supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior written consent of the Trustee 
save where, in respect of a Facility Agreement, that amendment is at the election of the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to amend the terms of the Facility Agreement to substantially 
conform that Facility Agreement to another Facility Agreement entered into between the Issuer 
and another Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
28.2 The Issuer may, without prejudice to Condition 28.4, by supplemental agreement or supplemental 
instrument or deed, as applicable, amend these Conditions, the Trust Instrument, any Security 
Deed(s) or any of the Trustee Consent Documents (in respect of Conditions (a), (d), (da), (e) and 
(f) below without the consent of the Trustee) and the Trustee agrees in the Trust Instrument to join 
in a supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed as applicable accordingly, if 
one or more of the following applies: 
(a) 
if the amendment is to substitute as debtor under a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee 
another person having an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and 
is not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(c) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
A19.2.2.1

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(d) 
the amendment is to substitute a different commodity index for one or more of the 
Commodity Indices and consequential changes provided that: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties that have Commodity Contracts outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Commodity Index or Commodity Indices; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities of that class or classes which are the subject of the 
substitution; and 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 30 calendar days have elapsed after 
they 
are 
announced 
to 
Security 
Holders 
in 
an 
RIS 
announcement; 
 
(da) the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely 
without any obligation to investigate or verify the position) (I) that the sole purpose and effect 
of the amendment and the adjustments referred to below is to substitute a different 
commodity index for the Individual Commodity Index for any class of Second Month Security 
and consequential changes which are necessary to give effect to such substitution; (II) that 
the proposed substituted commodity index relates to the same individual commodity as such 
Individual Commodity Index and is calculated based on a similar methodology as that used 
in the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index but the futures contracts constituting 
the Lead Future and the Next Future for the purposes of the calculation of such proposed 
substituted commodity index have different expiry dates to those used for the purposes of 
the calculation of such Individual Commodity Index; and (III) that the following conditions 
have been or will be satisfied: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties that have Commodity Contracts outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Individual Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the Second Month 
Securities of the relevant class; and 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least the fifth Business Day following the 
day on which they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(e) 
the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the 
holders of different classes of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities differently and the 
terms of the amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the 
holders of each class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Security affected passed in 
accordance with the Trust Instrument; 
(f) 
Condition (e) above does not apply to the amendment and the terms of the amendment are 
authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class) passed 
in accordance with the Trust Instrument; or 
(g) 
the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified or 
applied in any respect to the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) or any Listing 
Rules or to rectify any inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the 
terms of the Trust Instrument or such Conditions, Security Deed or Trustee Consent 
Document. 
28.3 In the case of an amendment to a Facility Agreement, the amendment may not take effect for at 
least 30 calendar days (or five Issuer Business Days if the amendment is to be made pursuant to 
an obligation in the Facility Agreement to negotiate in good faith following notice being given by 
either party thereto of the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined therein), following 
publication of a notice thereof through a RIS and the Issuer shall not agree to any such amendment 
unless it does not take effect until such period has elapsed. 
28.4 Conditions 28.2 and 28.3 shall not apply to any amendment to the terms of a Facility Agreement

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
which, under the terms thereof, is automatic or at the election of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in the circumstances described in Condition 28.1. 
28.5 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Condition 
28.2(a) by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 30 calendar days’ prior to such amendment 
becoming effective. 
28.6 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Conditions 
28.2(e) and 28.2(f) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such amendment 
is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
28.7 No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Conditions 28.2(b), (c) or (g) or 28.4 
unless the Trustee otherwise requires. 
 
29. 
NOTICES 
29.1 Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the 
Issuer or the Registrar under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in 
writing in English. 
29.2 All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or 
pursuant to any other Trustee Consent Document shall be made by publication through a RIS 
where required under the terms of such document, but otherwise may be given by publication on 
the Issuer’s Website. 
29.3 All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or 
otherwise shall be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of 
Security Holders where, in relation to any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which are 
held in Uncertificated Form, the directors may from time to time permit notices of Security Holder 
meetings to be made by means of an electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated 
Notice of Meeting in such form and subject to such terms and conditions as may from time to time 
be prescribed by the directors (subject always to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may 
in similar manner permit supplements, or amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of 
Meeting to be made by like means. 
29.4 Any Pricing Notice shall be sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax number, as follows: 
Fax: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email 
to the following email address: 
Email: infoeu@wisdomtree.com. 
29.5 Any Pricing Notice shall be deemed to have been received upon sending, subject to confirmation 
of uninterrupted and error-free transmission by a transmission report. 
29.6 Any General Notice to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s primary fax number set 
out above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered 
airmail in the case of an address outside the United Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
Address: Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road 
St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Attention: WisdomTree Team 
Fax number: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website. 
29.7 Any General Notice shall, in the absence of earlier receipt, be deemed to have been received as 
follows: 
(a) 
if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
(b) 
if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
an address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is 
attempted. 
 
30. 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
30.1 All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities shall 
be paid in US Dollars in full cleared and immediately available funds. 
30.2 All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (including, without limitation, any interest payable under Condition 10.2) shall be paid 
in full, free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub- 
division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding 
is required by law to which the person making the payment is subject. 
30.3 Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a Business Day, 
such payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Business Day.”

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
PART 8 
PARTICULARS OF SECURITY DEEDS 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into 71 Security Deeds (one per class in the case of the Two 
Times Leveraged Commodity Securities and One Times Short Commodity Securities of each class and 
one in respect of all classes of Three Times Commodity Securities), in each case creating a first-ranking 
floating charge over the Secured Property attributable to the relevant class for the benefit of the Trustee 
and the Security Holders of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities of that class. 
The particulars of the Security Deeds as set out below are taken from the Security Deeds and are, 
therefore, drafted in legal language. Certain terms used below are defined in the Security Deeds. Detail 
on how the provisions of the Security Deeds impact upon Security Holders is contained throughout this 
Prospectus including under the headings “Security Structure” in Part 1 (General) and “Security” in Part4 
(Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
The Security Deeds contain, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
 
1. 
Charge 
(a) 
Charge: The Issuer as continuing security for the payment or discharge of all sums owing by or 
obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee or the Security Holders from time to time under the 
applicable class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, the Trust Instrument or the relevant 
Security Deed (the “Secured Liabilities”), grants a first ranking floating charge to the Trustee for 
the benefit of itself and the Security Holders of that class of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities over all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the relevant 
Secured Property. 
(b) 
Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer as further security for the Secured Liabilities assigns 
absolutely to the Trustee all of its present and future rights, title and interest in the Facility 
Agreement, the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement in so far as it pertains to the 
relevant Pool. 
 
2. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (a) a Defaulted Obligation 
has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, 
or (c) a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or (d) any event by which 
the security under the Security Agreement becomes enforceable has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument with 
respect to the Secured Property the Trustee may at any time: 
(i) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Relevant Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities 
to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such 
proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to 
enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security 
constituted by the Security Deed in respect of the Relevant Securities to which such 
Defaulted Obligation relates; 
(ii) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was 
determined on such date the most recently determined Price) of the affected Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding affected Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it 
may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against 
or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument 
and the security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding affected 
Relevant Securities and for this purpose and paragraph (iii) “affected” Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities or “affected” Relevant Securities means, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default or (in

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
paragraph (iii)) a Counterparty Insolvency Event, those Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities (or Relevant Securities, if any) that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which 
include rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
(iii) 
where a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at 
the same time as a Defaulted Obligation, a holder of Relevant Securities to whom a 
Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action as 
described in paragraph (i) until the expiry of 30 days from the occurrence of the Counterparty 
Event of Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such 
period of 30 days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action as described in 
paragraph (ii). 
 
3. 
Permitted Variations 
The Issuer may amend, vary, modify or supplement (a “Permitted Variation”) (i) the schedules to 
any Facility Agreement other than schedules 1, 11 and 12, (ii) the definitions of “Eligible Collateral”, 
“Issuer Concentration Limit”, “Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” in any Security 
Agreement and the Collateral Schedule as defined therein and (iii) any Control Agreement, in each 
case without the consent of the Trustee. 
Immediately upon making a Permitted Variation pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer shall notify 
the Trustee thereof and shall, if so required by the Trustee, notify the Security Holders thereof by 
publishing a notice on a RIS. 
 
4. 
Governing Law 
The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the Trustee from 
commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
AXX(XII).4.1.3A 
AXX(VIII)2.2.1C

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
PART 9 
 
COMMODITIES, COMMODITY AND FUTURES MARKETS AND EXCHANGES 
 
Commodities Overview 
 
The websites referred to in this “Commodities Overview” section do not form part of the Prospectus. 
Aluminium 
Aluminium is the third most abundant element in the Earth’s crust, and weighs about one-third as much 
as steel or copper. It is malleable, ductile, easily machined and cast, and has excellent corrosion 
resistance and durability. Aluminium is used in transportation (automobiles, airplanes, trucks, railcars, 
marine vessels), packaging (cans, foil), construction (windows, doors, siding), consumer durables 
(appliances, cooking utensils), electrical transmission lines, and machinery. The primary raw material 
used for aluminium production is aluminium ore, most commonly known as bauxite. Bauxite, which occurs 
mainly in tropical areas, is refined into alumina and then electrolytically reduced into aluminium metal. 
Two to three metric tons of bauxite is required to produce one metric ton of alumina; two metric tons of 
alumina are required to produce one metric ton of aluminium metal. 
 
A more detailed description including historical data of the aluminium industry can be found at 
http://www.world-aluminium.org/, which is updated from time to time by the International Aluminium 
Institute. 
Brent Crude 
Brent crude is one of the varieties of crude oil, as described under the heading “Crude Oil” below, and is 
sourced in the North Sea. Brent crude production has been in decline since 1999, and in order to avoid 
pricing distortions regarding quality and quantity of production for the benchmark, energy consultant 
Platts began to combine Brent Crude with other varieties of crude oil. The Brent crude oil benchmark is 
currently a blend of Brent Crude, Forties, Ecofisk, and Oseberg (BFOE) varieties of crude oil that are 
also produced in the North Sea. 
 
Cocoa 
Cocoa grows on cocoa trees, which are generally found in rainforests and in countries near the Equator. 
Hot and humid conditions are essential for the development of cocoa trees. There are two kinds of cocoa 
beans: “fine” or “flavour” beans, and “bulk” or “ordinary” beans. The latter has dominated most of the 
world’s cocoa production over the past 5 decades. Historically, cocoa is regarded as a stimulant due to 
its high calorific content. More recently, it has been found that cocoa contains a high level of flavonoid 
which is beneficial to cardiovascular health. Asides from human consumption, cocoa has also been used 
in the manufacture of pet food since the mid-2000s. Subsequent to cocoa being exported outside South 
America in the 16th century, it has gained more importance globally as 50 million people depend on 
cocoa for their livelihood. 70 per cent. of cocoa is produced in West Africa and more than 70 per cent. of 
the global cocoa supply is provided by small farm owners. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cocoa industry can be found at 
http://www.icco.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Cocoa Organization. 
 
Coffee 
The coffee plant produces its first full crop of beans at about 5 years old and then is productive for about 
15 years. Coffee is generally classified into two types of beans — arabica and robusta. The most widely 
produced coffee is arabica, which is typically grown at high altitudes and makes up approximately 70 
per cent. of world production. Brazil and Colombia are the largest producers of Arabica coffee. Robusta 
coffee, the stronger of the two types, is typically grown at lower altitudes in West and Central Africa, 
South-East Asia and partly Brazil. About 12-20 kg of export ready coffee is produced from every 100 kg 
of coffee beans harvested. Seasonal factors have a significant influence on coffee prices, which are often 
subject to upward spikes in June, July and August due to freeze scares in Brazil during the winter months 
in the Southern Hemisphere.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
A more detailed description including historical data of the coffee industry is updated from time to time 
by the United States Department of Agriculture (http://www.usda.gov) and the International Coffee 
Organization (http://www.ico.org). 
 
Copper 
Copper is one of the most widely used industrial metals because it is an excellent conductor of electricity, 
has strong corrosion-resistance properties, and is very ductile. It is also used to produce the alloys of 
brass (a copper-zinc alloy) and bronze (a copper-tin alloy), both of which are far harder and stronger 
than pure copper. Electrical uses of copper including power transmission and generation, and electronic 
equipment account for about 65 per cent. of total copper usage. Copper is biostatic, meaning that bacteria 
will not grow on its surface, and is therefore used in air-conditioning systems, food processing surfaces, 
and doorknobs to prevent the spread of disease. Building construction is the single largest market for 
copper, followed by industrial applications, power utility, diverse, consumer and general products and 
automotive. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the copper industry can be found at 
http://www.icsg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Copper Study Group. 
 
Corn 
Corn is a hardy plant that grows in many different areas of the world, and is a native grain of the American 
continents. Corn is used primarily as livestock feed; it is also used in alcohol additives for gasoline, 
adhesives, corn oil for cooking and margarine, sweeteners, and as a food for humans. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the corn industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Cotton 
Cotton accounts for around one third of total world fibre production. It is used in a wide range of products 
from clothing to home furnishings to medical products. The weight of cotton is typically measured in 
terms of a “bale”, which is deemed to weigh 480 pounds. The value of cotton is determined according to 
the staple, grade, and character of each bale. Staple refers to short, medium, long, or extra-long fibre 
length, with medium staple accounting for about 70 per cent. of all U.S. cotton. Grade refers to the colour, 
brightness, and amount of foreign matter. Character refers to the fibre’s diameter, strength, body, maturity 
(ratio of mature to immature fibres), uniformity, and smoothness. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cotton industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Crude Oil 
According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), over the past several decades oil has been 
the world’s foremost source of primary energy consumption. Many varieties of crude oil are produced 
around the world, each with their own price; the characteristics of each variety depend largely on the 
particular crude oil’s geological history. Because there are so many varieties, crude oils are priced and 
traded relative to well known benchmarks (called markers). Two of these benchmarks dominate world 
crude oil futures trading, namely Brent Crude, futures contracts for which are traded in London on the 
ICE Futures Market, and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Light Sweet Crude, futures contracts for which 
are traded on NYMEX. Crude oil prices are influenced by a complex interaction of underlying supply and 
demand factors, political dynamics and increasingly developed spot, term and futures trading. Therefore 
these prices tend to be highly volatile. The behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting 
Countries (OPEC) is often the key to price developments in the world crude oil market. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the crude oil industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Gas Oil 
Gas Oil has the same chemical composition as the diesel fuel used in cars but is cheaper as it is rebated 
for use in construction, agriculture and heating among other commercial applications. A red dye is 
typically added to it to differentiate it with diesel and there are restrictions around its use an alternative

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
to diesel in private vehicles. Heavy machines such as cranes, bulldozers and generators are the main 
users of gas oil. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gas oil industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Gasoline 
Gasoline is primarily used as a fuel for internal-combustion engines. Crude oil is the most economical 
source of gasoline, and refineries turn over 40 per cent. of every barrel of crude oil into gasoline. The 
three basic steps to all refining operations are the separation process (separating crude oil into various 
chemical components), conversion process (breaking the chemicals down into molecules called 
hydrocarbons), and treatment process (transforming and combining hydrocarbon molecules and other 
additives). Octane is a measure of a gasoline’s ability to resist pinging or knocking noise from the engine. 
Additional refining steps are needed to increase the octane level, which increases the retail price. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gasoline industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Gold 
Three factors set gold apart as an investment from most other commodities: it is indestructible; it is 
fungible; and the inventory of above-ground stocks is enormous relative to the supply flow. Additionally, 
the liquidity and size of the gold market is unrivalled within the commodities markets. Gold trading on 
the global market consists of transactions in spot, forwards, and options and other derivatives on the 
over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The OTC market 
trades on a 24-hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most global gold trading. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gold industry can be found at 
http://www.gold.org, which is updated from time to time by the World Gold Council. 
 
Heating Oil 
Heating oil is a heavy fuel oil that accounts for approximately 25 per cent. of the yield from a barrel of 
crude oil, the second largest cut after gasoline. Heating oil prices are highly correlated with crude oil 
prices, although heating oil prices are also subject to swift supply and demand shifts due to weather 
changes or refinery shutdowns. The primary use for heating oil is residential space heating. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the heating oil industry is updated from time to 
time on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and 
the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
 
Kansas Wheat 
Kansas wheat refers to the hard red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Kansas City Board 
of Trade. Hard red winter wheat is primarily used for bread making and accounts for about 40 per cent. 
of US wheat production. Winter Wheat is planted in the winter. Hard Red Winter Wheat is grown 
predominantly in Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and the Texas panhandle. The cold, sub zero winters 
and the general lack of precipitation make these regions of the country ideal for hard red winter wheat 
production. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx , which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Kansas wheat futures contracts can be found at 
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html, which is updated by the 
Kansas City Board of Trade.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Lead 
Lead is soft, ductile, and highly resistant to corrosion. It has been used for more than 7,000 years and is 
easy to extract, usually being found in ore with zinc, silver, and copper. Lead’s high corrosion resistance 
makes it ideal for buildings; the high density makes it an effective barrier to radiation in hospitals and 
helps reduce noise in factories as well as in ships. 80 per cent. of lead’s end use is for lead-acid batteries 
to provide power in vehicles and emergency power. At least three-quarters of all lead used goes into 
products which are suitable for recycling and the recovery of lead from scrap requires much less energy 
than extracting from ore, which is why lead has the highest recycling rate of all the common non-ferrous 
metals. Over 50 per cent. of lead consumed is derived from recycled or re-used material. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lead industry is updated from time to time on 
the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Lean Hogs 
Hogs are generally bred twice a year in a continuous cycle designed to provide a steady flow of 
production. The time from birth to slaughter is typically six months. Hogs are ready for slaughter at about 
254 pounds, producing an average of 89 pounds of lean meat. The lean meat consists of 21 per cent. 
ham, 20 per cent. loin, 14 per cent. belly, 3 per cent. spareribs, 7 per cent. butt roast and blade steaks, 
and 10 per cent. picnic, with the remaining 25 per cent. going into miscellaneous cuts and trimmings. 
Hogs are produced in three types of operations: feeder pig producers raise pigs from birth to about 10- 
60 pounds, and feeder pig finishers grow them to slaughter weight; alternatively, farrow-to-finish 
operations raise hogs from birth to slaughter weight. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lean hog industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Live Cattle 
The cattle and beef industry is divided into two production sectors: cow-calf operations and cattle feeding. 
Cow-calf operations — The cattle and beef industry begins with the cow-calf operation, which breeds 
the new calves. Cow-calf operations are typically located on land not suited or needed for crop production. 
These operations are dependent upon range and pasture forage conditions, which are in turn dependent 
upon variations in the average level of rainfall and temperature for the area. Herds of cows are bred in 
the summer, thus producing the new crop of calves in spring. Calves are weaned from the mother after 
6-8 months; they spend the next 6-10 months in a “stocker” operation where they grow to 600-800 pounds 
or near full-size, after which point they are sent to a feedlot and become “feeder cattle”. 
Cattle feedlots — Cattle feedlots produce high-quality beef by feeding grain and other concentrates for 
about five months. The animal is considered “finished” when it reaches full weight and is ready for 
slaughter, typically around 1,200 pounds, and then is sold for slaughter to a meat packing plant. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the live cattle industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Natural Gas 
Natural gas is a fossil fuel in gaseous form that is colourless, shapeless, and odourless in its pure form. 
It is a mixture of hydrocarbon gases formed primarily of methane; it is combustible, clean burning, and 
gives off a great deal of energy. Natural gas is produced from wells around the world and it is normally 
transported via pipeline. When pipeline transport is not feasible (e.g. over long distances), the natural 
gas is turned into a liquid (also called “Liquefied Natural Gas” or LNG) by super-cooling and transported 
as a liquid on tankers before being warmed up and turned into a gas upon arrival at the delivery port. 
Natural gas is used primarily for heating and generating electricity by industries such as pulp and paper, 
metals, chemicals, petroleum refining, stone, clay and glass, plastic, and food processing. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the natural gas is updated from time to time on 
the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International 
Energy 
Outlook 
published 
by 
the 
Energy 
Information 
Administration 
(http://www.eia.doe.gov).

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
Nickel 
Nickel is a hard, malleable, ductile metal that can take on a high polish. Nickel is also a fair conductor of 
heat and electricity. Approximately 65 per cent. of nickel is used to manufacture stainless steel and 20 
per cent. in other steel and non-ferrous (including “super”) alloys, often for highly specialised industrial, 
aerospace and military applications. About 9 per cent. is used in plating, and 6 per cent. in other uses 
including coins and a variety of nickel chemicals (e.g. rechargeable batteries). Nickel plating techniques 
are employed in applications such as turbine blades, helicopter rotors, extrusion dies, and rolled steel 
strip. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the nickel industry can be found at 
http://www.insg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Nickel Study Group. 
 
Platinum 
Platinum is soft, with a high resistance to corrosion and a high melting point, and is the most dense metal 
known. It is also a good oxidation catalyst, conductive and oxidation resistant. Traditionally, platinum is 
mainly used for jewellery, industrial usage, and autocatalysts. Investment demand for platinum has 
increased due to the creation of physical platinum backed exchange traded funds. Platinum together 
with palladium are the major metals used in gasoline and diesel autocatalysts. Other industrial demands 
include chemical, electrical, petroleum, glass, and dental uses. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the platinum industry can be found at 
https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/gfms/, which is updated from time to time by GFMS Thomson Reuters. 
 
Silver 
Silver has been used for thousands of years in ornaments and utensils, for trade, and as the basis for 
many monetary systems. It is the most malleable and ductile of all metals with the exception of gold, and 
conducts heat and electricity better than any other metal. It is not very chemically active, although 
tarnishing occurs when sulphur and sulphides attack silver. Because silver is too soft in its pure form, a 
hardening agent, usually copper, is mixed into the silver. Most silver emerges as a by-product from 
mining; only 30 per cent. of output comes from mines where the main source of revenue is silver (primary 
silver mine). The term “sterling silver” means silver that contains at least 925 parts of silver per thousand 
(92.5 per cent.) and 75 parts (7.5 per cent.) of other metals, usually copper. Silver is used for jewellery, 
photography, electrical appliances, glass, and as an antibacterial agent for the health industry. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the silver industry can be found at 
http://www.silverinstitute.org, which is updated from time to time by The Silver Institute. 
 
Soybean Meal 
Soybean meal is a by-product of soybean processing. Soybean meal is the most valuable component 
obtained from processing the soybean, ranging from 50 per cent. to 75 per cent. of its value. Livestock 
feeds account for 98 per cent. of soybean meal consumption, with the remainder used in human foods 
such as bakery ingredients and meat substitutes. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops/, which is updated by the United States 
Department of Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade soybean meal futures 
contracts can be found at http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/soybean- 
meal_contract_specifications.html, which is updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
 
Soybean Oil 
Soybean oil is the natural oil extracted from whole soybeans; approximately 19 per cent. of a soybean’s 
weight can be extracted as crude soybean oil. It is mainly used in salad and cooking oil, bakery 
shortening, and margarine, as well as in a number of industrial applications, primarily because soy oil is 
cholesterol-free and high in polyunsaturated fat. Soybean oil is also used to produce inedible products 
such as paints, varnish, resins, and plastics. Worldwide, soybean oil is still the largest source of vegetable 
oil. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean oil industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Soybeans 
Soybeans are used to produce a wide variety of food products because of their high protein content 
without many of the negative factors of animal meat. Processed soybeans are the largest source of 
protein feed and vegetable oil in the world. Popular soy-based food products include whole soybeans, 
soy oil for cooking and baking, soy flour, protein concentrates, isolated soy protein, soy milk and baby 
formula, soy yogurt, soy cheese, soy nut butter, soy sprouts, tofu and tofu products, soy sauce, and meat 
alternatives. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Sugar 
Sugar, also known as sucrose, is a member of the larger group of compounds called carbohydrates, and 
is characterised by a sweet taste. Sucrose occurs in the highest concentration in sugar cane and sugar 
beets, which are produced in over 100 countries around the world. About 75 per cent. of all sugar 
produced is processed from sugar cane, and the remainder from sugar beets. Raw sugar and refined 
sugar are two different products that are both traded internationally. Sugar beet producing countries 
export refined sugar, while sugar cane producing countries export either raw or refined sugar. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the sugar industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
 
Tin 
Tin has been used in the production of bronze for at least 5,500 years. Tin is soft, pliable, resistant to 
corrosion and does not easily oxidise in the air. Therefore, it is widely used to coat other metals. The 
other important properties of tin are its low melting point, attractive appearance and the ability to readily 
form alloys with most other metals to create useful materials. Because of the softness of tin, it is seldom 
used in its pure form and is mainly combined with other metals. The end uses of tin are metal containers 
(19 per cent.), solders (16 per cent.), transportation (16 per cent.), construction (11 per cent.) and other 
applications (38 per cent.). 
A more detailed description including historical data of the tin industry is updated from time to time on 
the United States Geological Survey (http://www.usgs.gov), the International Tin Association website 
(www.internationaltin.org). 
 
Wheat 
Wheat is a cereal grass that has been grown in temperate regions and cultivated for food since prehistoric 
times; it is currently widely produced across the world. Wheat is used mainly as a human food and 
supplies about 20 per cent. of the food calories for the world’s population. The primary use for wheat is 
flour, but it is also used in brewing and distilling, and to make oil, gluten, straw for livestock bedding, 
livestock feed, hay or silage, newsprint, and other products. 
Wheat here refers to the soft red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade. 
Soft red winter wheat futures are the most actively traded wheat futures contract. Soft red winter wheat 
is used for cakes, cookies and crackers and accounts for 15 per cent. to 20 per cent. of US wheat 
production. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx , which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures contracts can be found 
at http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/wheat_contract_specifications.html, which is 
updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
 
Zinc 
Zinc is never found in its pure state, but is rather produced from ores (primary zinc), or from scrap and 
residues (secondary zinc). Approximately three quarters of all zinc is consumed as metal, mainly as a 
coating to protect iron and steel from corrosion (galvanised metal), as alloying metal to make bronze 
and brass, as zinc-based die casting alloy, and as rolled zinc. The remaining quarter is consumed as 
zinc compounds mainly in the negative electrode in dry cell (flashlight) batteries, in the zinc-mercuric-

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
oxide battery cell typically used in watches, cameras, and other electronic devices, and as an antiseptic 
ointment in medicine. Zinc is also a necessary element for proper growth and development of humans, 
animals, and plants; it is the second most common trace metal, after iron, found naturally in the human 
body. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the zinc industry is updated from time to time on 
the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Futures Markets 
Futures contracts are typically traded on organised exchanges in a wide variety of physical commodities 
(including petroleum products, metals, and grains) and financial instruments (such as stocks, bonds, 
and currencies). They are traded in two ways: either in an open outcry environment or through an 
electronic trading platform. 
Futures contracts have standardised terms that are determined by the exchange, rather than by market 
participants. Standardised terms include: the amount of the commodity to be delivered (the contract 
size), delivery months, the last trading day, the delivery location or locations, and acceptable qualities or 
grades of the commodity. This standardisation enhances liquidity, by making it possible for large numbers 
of market participants to trade the same instrument. Most futures contracts (by volume) are liquidated 
prior to expiry to avoid physical delivery. The purpose of the physical delivery provision is to ensure 
convergence between the futures price and the cash market price (however some futures are only cash 
settled). 
Futures trades that are made on an exchange are cleared through a clearing organisation (clearing 
house), which acts as the buyer to all sellers and the seller to all buyers. When an investor buys or sells 
a futures contract, they are technically buying from, or selling to, the clearing organisation rather than 
the party with whom they executed the transaction on the trading floor or through an electronic trading 
platform. 
Futures traders are not required to put up the entire value of a contract. Rather, they are required to post 
a margin that is typically between 2 per cent. and 10 per cent. of the total value of the contract. Thereafter, 
the position is “marked to the market” daily. If the futures position loses value, the amount of money in 
the margin account will decline accordingly. If the amount of money in the margin account falls below 
the specified maintenance margin, the futures trader will be required to post additional margin to bring 
the account up the initial margin level. On the other hand, if the futures position is profitable, the profits 
will be added to the margin account. Because only a margin is required, this is known as an un- 
collateralised position. If 100 per cent. margin is deposited (earning interest), then this is known as a 
fully collateralised position and the return is known as a Total Return. 
Futures exchanges and clearing houses in the United States are subject to regulation by the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). Exchanges may adopt rules and take other actions that affect 
trading, including imposing speculative position limits, maximum price fluctuations and trading halts and 
suspensions, and requiring liquidation of contracts in certain circumstances. 
Futures markets outside the United States are generally subject to regulation by comparable regulatory 
authorities. The structure and nature of trading on non-U.S. exchanges, however, may differ from this 
description. 
 
Exchanges 
CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade, now merged with CME) 
CBOT is a leading futures and futures-options exchange located in Chicago. In its early history, the CBOT 
traded only agricultural commodities such as corn, wheat, oats and soybeans. Futures contracts at the 
Exchange evolved over the years to include non-storable agricultural commodities and non-agricultural 
products, including U.S. Treasury bonds and notes, 30-Day Federal Funds, stock indexes, and swaps. 
In 2007, CBOT merged with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (‘‘CME”), becoming the world’s largest 
financial exchange market.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) 
CME is the largest futures exchange in the United States, and also owns and operates the largest futures 
clearing house in the world. CME products fall into five major areas: interest rates, equities, foreign 
exchange, agricultural commodities and alternative investments. Two forums are available for trading 
CME products: the long-standing open outcry trading floors and an electronic trading platform. The CME 
Clearing House guarantees, clears and settles every contract traded through the CME. In 2007, the CME 
merged with the Chicago Board of Trade (‘‘CBOT”), becoming the world’s largest financial exchange 
market. 
 
LME (London Metal Exchange) 
LME is the world’s largest futures exchange for base and other metals. LME allows for cash trading, and 
offers hedging, worldwide reference pricing and storage for physical delivery of trades. Eleven companies 
have exclusive rights to trade by open outcry, and approximately 100 companies trade inter-office through 
the London Clearing House, which also clears London Stock Exchange trading. Trades are in futures, 
options and TAPOs (traded average price contracts, a form of Asian option). Commodities traded on 
LME include aluminium, copper, zinc, lead, nickel, tin, and aluminium alloy. 
 
KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade) 
The Kansas City Board of Trade was founded in 1856 by a group of Kansas City merchants. It served a 
function similar to a Chamber of Commerce. Early trading at the exchange was primarily in cash grains. 
Today, hard red winter wheat futures are the mainstay of the Kansas City Board of Trade. Options on 
wheat futures were introduced in 1984, and record options volume was traded in 2002. In 2012 the CME 
Group acquired KCBT. 
 
ICE Futures U.S. 
ICE Futures U.S., formerly the New York Board of Trade (“NYBOT”), is a physical commodity futures 
exchange located in New York City. Its two principle divisions are the New York Coffee Sugar and Cocoa 
Exchange (“CSCE”) and the New York Cotton Exchange (“NYCE”). In January 2007, NYBOT was 
acquired by ICE and renamed ICE Futures U.S. 
 
NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.) 
NYMEX, or The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., is the world’s largest physical commodity futures 
exchange and is located in New York City. The exchange handles billions of dollars worth of energy 
products, metals, and other commodities being traded by open auction and electronically. Trading is 
conducted through two divisions, the NYMEX Division, home to the energy, platinum, and palladium 
markets; and the COMEX Division, on which all other metals trade. In 2008, NYMEX merged with CME 
Group.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
PART 10 
 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer 
Certificates. The definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate 
translation, of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer 
Certificates is set out in Annexes 1 and 2 of this document. In the event of an inconsistency 
between the definitive German language text of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and 
the English translation, the former shall prevail. 
Model Form of Global Bearer Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
Global Bearer Certificate 
for 
• registered [see Annex 1] [Short Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities 
of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each 
As underlying stock for this Global Bearer Certificate the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”), is holding • 
registered [see Annex 1] [Short Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities (hereinafter referred to 
as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 8 February 2008 between the Company 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and 
secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each, 
registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, and held in a special Safe 
Custody Account with Citibank N.A., London, England. Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate 
is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the delivery and registration in the 
relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the name of a third party designated by him of 
such number of Notes as corresponds to his share in this Global Bearer Certificate. 
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate and forming an 
essential part thereof shall apply. 
Frankfurt am Main, ... 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Text of the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
 
Conditions of the Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
1. 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one managing 
director and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”). 
2. 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream 
the delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the 
name of a third party designated by him of such number of registered • [see Annex 1] [Short 
Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 8 February 2008 between the Company and 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and 
secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] 
each, as corresponds to his co-ownership share in this Global Bearer Certificate. Such demand 
shall be made by the co-owner through his depositary bank to Clearstream, stating to whom the 
Notes shall be delivered, respectively, the address to which the certificate evidencing the 
registration shall be mailed by the Registrar. 
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant to § 315 
of German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties arising from 
such delivery resp. transfer and registration. 
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of individual 
bearer certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate. 
3. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in proportion 
to his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes under the laws of 
England and Jersey, Channel Islands. 
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream to the 
co-owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall apply. 
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in EURO, in accordance with the foreign exchange 
control regulations prevailing at the time, unless the co-owner has in time before the due date 
demanded payment in USD (United States Dollars). 
4. 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On demand 
it shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated by him. 
The Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well as the 
conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before each meeting. 
5. 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, fees or 
duties in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co-owners shall bear 
such taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global Bearer Certificate. 
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership shares 
in the Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any time be subject in 
the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the mere fact that it is holding 
the Notes. 
6. 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the co- 
owner’s right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such event these 
Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
7. 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England, (hereinafter 
referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, 
England, (hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its function as Nominee. In such event, 
Clearstream shall not be responsible for more than careful selection. This does not affect 
Clearstream’s right to assume itself the functions of the Custodian or the Nominee. In the case 
where the Custodian or the Nominee are replaced, any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee 
in these Conditions shall be deemed to refer to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
8. 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which would not 
require Clearstream’s assistance in the present form or should the admission of the Notes in the 
form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate to trading and official quotation on 
German stock exchanges be withdrawn, Clearstream shall request from the co-owners instructions 
as provided for in Clause 2. paragraph 1 above. Should such instructions not be given within 3 
months from the publication of the relevant request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its discretion 
to arrange for registration of the Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party designated in 
its request and to deposit the relevant Notes at the co-owner’s risk and expense with a depositary 
designated in its request. All obligations of Clearstream arising from the Global Bearer Certificate 
shall cease therewith. 
9. 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in at least one supraregional 
newspaper designated by the German stock exchanges to publish obligatory notices of each 
German stock exchange on which the Notes in form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer 
Certificate are traded and officially quoted. 
10. 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic or legal, 
which may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer Certificate in 
consequence of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at home or abroad 
or any other circumstances beyond Clearstream’s or the Custodian’s control. 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate with the due 
care of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official 
action at home or abroad or by any other circumstances beyond its control it is prevented from 
performing its obligations, it shall not be responsible. 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due performance 
of their functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall be pursued by 
Clearstream on the co-owners’ behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall only be responsible for 
careful selection of the Custodian and the Nominee. 
11. 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, the other 
conditions shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable condition shall be replaced 
in accordance with the intent and purpose of this contractual agreement. 
12. 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only insofar as 
it does not impair the rights of the co-owners.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
Annex 1 
Annex 1 may be amended from time to time if additional types of Notes are issued by WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited under its multi-class Programme. 
Principal 
Type 
Original ISIN 
(of the Notes) 
LSE 
Code 
Amount (USD) 
at 7 July 2016 
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Aluminium) 
JE00B24DK421 
SALU 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Cocoa) 
JE00B2NFT310 
SCOC 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Coffee 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Coffee) 
JE00B24DK538 
SCFE 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Copper) 
JE00B24DK645 
SCOP 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Corn) 
JE00B24DK751 
SCOR 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Cotton) 
JE00B24DK868 
SCTO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short WTI Crude Oil) 
JE00B24DK975 
SOIL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Gasoline) 
JE00B24DKB91 
SGAS 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Gold) 
JE00B24DKC09 
SBUL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Heating Oil) 
JE00B24DKD16 
SHEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Lead) 
JE00B2NFT088 
SLEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Lean Hogs) 
JE00B24DKF30 
SLHO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Live Cattle) 
JE00B24DKG47 
SLCT 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Natural Gas) 
JE00B24DKH53 
SNGA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Nickel 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Nickel) 
JE00B24DKJ77 
SNIK 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Platinum) 
JE00B2NFT195 
SPLA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Silver) 
JE00B24DKK82 
SSIL 
$1.78 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybean Oil) 
JE00B24DKL99 
SSYO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybeans) 
JE00B24DKP38 
SSOB 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Sugar) 
JE00B24DKQ45 
SSUG 
$1.85 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Tin) 
JE00B2NFT203 
STIM 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Wheat) 
JE00B24DKR51 
SWEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Zinc 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Zinc) 
JE00B24DKS68 
SZIC 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Agriculture) 
JE00B24DL056 
SAGR 
$5.00000000

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Original ISIN 
LSE 
Principal 
Amount (USD) 
Type 
(of the Notes) 
Code 
at 7 July 2016 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short All Commodities) 
JE00B24DKT75 
SALL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Energy) 
JE00B24DKV97 
SNRG 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Grains) 
JE00B24DL387 
SGRA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Industrial Metals) 
JE00B24DKZ36 
SIME 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Livestock) 
JE00B24DL270 
SLST 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Petroleum) 
JE00B24DKW05 
SPET 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Precious Metals) 
JE00B24DKY29 
SPMT 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Aluminium) 
JE00B2NFTC05 
LALU 
$1.23 
WisdomTree Cocoa 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Cocoa) 
JE00B2NFV803 
LCOC 
$2.58 
WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Coffee) 
JE00B2NFTD12 
LCFE 
$0.89 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Copper) 
JE00B2NFTF36 
LCOP 
$1.24 
WisdomTree Corn 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Corn) 
JE00B2NFTG43 
LCOR 
$1.19 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Cotton) 
JE00B2NFTH59 
LCTO 
$1.12 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long WTI Crude Oil) 
JE00BDD9Q840 
LOIL 
$24.36 
WisdomTree Gasoline 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Gasoline) 
JE00B2NFTK88 
LGAS 
$1.43 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Gold) 
JE00B2NFTL95 
LBUL 
$2.69 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Heating Oil) 
JE00B2NFTM03 
LHEA 
$1.02 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Lead) 
JE00B2NFTZ32 
LLEA 
$0.69 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Lean Hogs) 
JE00B2NFTN10 
LLHO 
$0.45 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Live Cattle) 
JE00B2NFTP34 
LLCT 
$2.39 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Natural Gas) 
JE00BDD9Q956 
LNGA 
$19.19 
WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Nickel) 
JE00BDD9QB77 
LNIK 
$11.70 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Platinum) 
JE00B2NFV134 
LPLA 
$0.68 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Silver) 
JE00B2NFTS64 
LSIL 
$0.91 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybean Oil) 
JE00B2NFTT71 
LSYO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybeans) 
JE00B2NFTV93 
LSOB 
$1.91

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
Original ISIN 
LSE 
Principal 
Amount (USD) 
Type 
(of the Notes) 
Code 
at 7 July 2016 
WisdomTree Sugar 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Sugar) 
JE00B2NFTW01 
LSUG 
$0.53 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Tin) 
JE00B2NFV241 
LTIM 
$2.68 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Wheat) 
JE00BDD9QC84 
LWEA 
$8.064 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Zinc) 
JE00B2NFTY25 
LZIC 
$0.88 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Agriculture) 
JE00B2NFT427 
LAGR 
$1.75 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long All Commodities) 
JE00B2NFV571 
LALL 
$0.71 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Grains) 
JE00B2NFT757 
LGRA 
$1.73 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Industrial Metals) 
JE00B2NFV688 
LIME 
$1.36 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Precious Metals) 
JE00B2NFV795 
LPMT 
$2.08 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Softs) 
JE00B2NFTB97 
LSFT 
$1.86 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the names of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
PART 11 
 
PARTICULARS OF THE COMMODITY CONTRACT COUNTERPARTIES 
A 
Particulars of MLI and BAC 
MLI is BAC’s largest operating subsidiary outside of the United States and was incorporated in 1988. 
MLI is a company incorporated in England and Wales (Registered Number: 2312079) and is authorised 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the 
Prudential Regulation Authority (Firm Reference Number: 147150). MLI is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of ML UK Capital Holdings Limited and the ultimate parent of MLI is BAC. The registered address of 
MLI is 2 King Edward Street, London, EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom.   
MLI provides a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in the United Kingdom, 
Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas. The primary business activities of MLI are to act 
as a broker and dealer in equities and fixed income, currency and commodities financial instruments; 
investment banking advisory and underwriting services; and equity and fixed income research. MLI also 
provides a number of post trade related services to third party clients, including settlement and clearing 
services to third party clients. 
The payment obligations of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and the 
MLI Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by BAC. 
BAC is a bank holding company and a financial holding company incorporated in the State of Delaware, 
United States.  Through BAC’s banking and various non-banking subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and 
in international markets, BAC serves individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses, 
institutional investors, large corporations and governments with a full range of banking, investing, asset 
management and other financial and risk management products and services. 
BAC’s headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 
28255, United States. BAC’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. BAC has listed 
debt securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange, including the London 
Stock Exchange, and also on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued under this 
Programme do not represent an obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or 
guaranteed by, BAC or any of its subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, MLI). Security 
Holders will have no recourse to BAC or MLI in respect of the Commodity Securities. 
 
B 
Particulars of CGML and CGMH 
CGML is a company registered in England and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. CGML was 
incorporated on 21 October 1983 as Stockrobe Limited and changed its name to Salomon Brothers 
International Limited on 1 February 1984 and to Citigroup Global Markets Limited on 7th April 2003. The 
registered address of CGML is Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom. 
CGML has a major international presence as a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed 
income and commodities, as well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional 
and government clients. It is headquartered in London and operates globally from the UK and its 
branches in Europe and the Middle East. 
The payment obligations of CGML under the CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement 
and the CGML Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by CGMH. 
CGMH is a corporation incorporated in the State of New York. CGMH, operating through its subsidiaries, 
engages in full-service investment banking and securities brokerage business. CGMH was incorporated 
in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, following a statutory merger effective on 1 July 1999, the purpose of which was 
to change the state of incorporation from Delaware to New York. On 7 April 2003 CGMH filed a Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation in the State of New York changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney 
Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
A19.2.2.11(b)C 
A19.3.5 
A19.3.7 
A19.2.2.2(a)C 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.8(a)A 
 
A.19.2.2.11(b)C
A19.3.5 
A19.3.7 
A19.3.2 
A19.3.8(a)A

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
CGMH’s parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi), is a global diversified financial services holding company 
whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range 
of financial products and services. Citigroup has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does 
business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. currently operates, for management 
reporting purposes, via two primary business segments: Citicorp, consisting of Citigroup Inc.'s Global 
Consumer Banking businesses (which consists of Regional Consumer Banking in North America, Europe, 
the Middle East and Africa, Asia and Latin America) and the Institutional Clients Group (Banking and 
Markets and Securities Services); and Citi Holdings, which consists of Brokerage and Asset 
Management, Local Consumer Lending, and a Special Asset Pool. There is also a third segment, 
Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMH are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. CGMH 
has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, including as issuer of 
various series of notes issued under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued under this 
Programme do not represent an obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or 
guaranteed by, CGMH or any of its subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, CGML) 
(together, “Citi”). Security Holders will have no recourse to Citi in respect of the Commodity 
Securities. 
The information on the Short and Leveraged Commodity Contract Counterparties and Guarantors in this 
Prospectus is based upon information made available to the Issuer by the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties and Guarantors.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
PART 12 
TAXATION 
1. 
UK Taxation 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of 
holding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM 
Revenue & Customs practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective 
effect. The following paragraphs relate to Security Holders who are within the charge to UK 
corporation tax, are UK resident individuals or who are UK open-ended investment companies or 
authorised unit trust schemes unless otherwise stated. The statements in this summary are 
intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. Any person who 
is contemplating acquiring Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (whether or not pursuant 
to the Programme), particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any jurisdiction other than 
the UK, is strongly recommended to consult their independent professional advisers immediately. 
 
(b) 
The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it 
should not become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that 
the Issuer does not carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein 
for UK corporation tax purposes or through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would 
bring the Issuer within the charge to UK income tax, the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation 
tax or income tax on income and capital gains arising to it. The Directors intend that the affairs of 
the Issuer are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, branch or agency will arise 
insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the conditions necessary to 
prevent any such permanent establishment, branch or agency coming into being will at all times 
be satisfied. 
 
(c) 
Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders are required to be made under deduction or 
withholding for or on account of UK tax. 
 
(d) 
Corporation Tax on income and gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes 
as realising profits, gains or losses in respect of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on a 
basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, calculated in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting practice. These profits, gains or losses, (which will include any profits, gains 
or losses on a disposal or redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and which 
may include fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains or losses) will be treated as 
income profits or losses for the purposes of a Security Holder’s corporation tax computation. 
 
(e) 
Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Subscriptions made before 1 December 2009 
Provided the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted 
securities” for UK tax purposes, any transfer or redemption of a Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Security by a Security Holder who is a UK individual will be a disposal of that Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Security for UK capital gains tax purposes which may, subject to any available 
exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable gain or allowable loss for those purposes. 
The Issuer has received a non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that, in its 
view, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are not deeply discounted securities. 
However, since this confirmation is addressed to the Issuer and is not binding on HM Revenue & 
Customs in its dealings with Security Holders, investors may wish to consult their own tax advisors 
in this respect. 
A14.4.15 
 
A14.4.15

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
The tax treatment of subscriptions made prior to 1 December 2009 will not be affected by the 
amended definition of “offshore fund” discussed below, which applied from that date. 
 
Subscriptions made on or after 1 December 2009 
For periods before 1 December 2009, the Issuer was not regarded as an “offshore fund” for UK 
tax purposes. On 1 December 2009, a new definition of “offshore fund” took effect, expanding the 
scope of the definition of an “offshore fund”. As a result, the Issuer may be treated as an “offshore 
fund”, and accordingly, subscriptions made on or after December 1, 2009 may be treated as 
investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes. Any gain accruing to an investor upon the 
sale, redemption or other disposal of investments in offshore funds on or after 1 December 2009 
will be taxed as income and not as a capital gain, unless the issuer of such investments achieves 
certification as a “reporting fund” (or some other exemption applies). The Issuer has obtained 
notification from HM Revenue & Customs that all the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
have been accepted for entry into the “reporting fund” regime with effect from the accounting period 
which commenced 1 January 2009, or if later from their date of issue. Whilst it is expected that 
certification as a “reporting fund” will be maintained for all periods, this cannot be guaranteed. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Issuer is required to report to investors 100 per cent. 
of the net income attributable to the relevant class of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
It is not expected that any such reportable income will arise in respect of any of the Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will be 
provided on the following website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-
and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7.  
 
(f) 
Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for 
UK tax purposes, and do not qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any 
profit arising to a Security Holder who is a UK individual on transfer or redemption of a Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Security will be subject to UK income tax and not to UK capital gains tax. 
As noted under the heading “Capital Gains Tax (Individuals)” above, the Issuer has received a 
non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities are not deeply discounted securities. 
 
Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Short or Leveraged Commodity Security may form part of 
the value of the estate of a Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject 
to certain exemptions and reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of a Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Security on a gift of that Short or Leveraged Commodity Security by, or on the death 
of, a Security Holder who is an individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to appropriate 
provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
 
(g) 
UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally 
subject to UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.) they are 
exempt from tax on capital gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 
2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) (the “Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or 
losses accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on 
creditor loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect capital profits, gains or losses 
are those which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt 
with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital gains/losses”) in accordance 
with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These provisions do not however apply 
to a qualified investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership condition. 
In addition Part 2B of the Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses (determined in 
accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to a UK 
open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of 
ownership condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships and

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
derivative contracts) as a non-trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of 
the Regulations will determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Security Holder 
which is a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust scheme in respect of Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities will be exempt from tax. 
 
(h) 
UK Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (“SDRT”) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) 
the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not 
executed in the UK; and (iii) any instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in 
the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT will be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
The redemption of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will not give rise to stamp duty or 
SDRT. 
 
(i) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing U.S. FATCA (as defined 
below), the OECD (as defined below) developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax authorities in 
participating CRS jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with other tax authorities in participating jurisdictions in which the investors of the 
reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual basis, financial account and personal 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis 
of common due diligence and reporting procedures. The first information exchanges began in 
September 2017. Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, the Issuer will be required to 
comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Security 
Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject the 
Issuer to penalties and/or other sanctions under the implementing regulations in Jersey and/or a 
Security Holder to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory termination 
of its interest in the Issuer. 
 
2. 
Jersey Taxation 
 
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The statements are intended only as a 
general guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey 
law and practice, possibly with retrospective effect. A prospective investor should consult a tax 
adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the 
purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and 
the receipt of payments thereon. 
 
(b) 
Income Tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (the 
“Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility 
company, nor a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying 
in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will 
be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent. 
Holders of the Short or Leveraged Securities (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject 
to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of its Short or 
Leveraged Securities. Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject 
A14.4.15

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
to withholding for or on account of Jersey tax. 
 
(c) 
Stamp duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance 
or capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, 
ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. In the 
event of the death of an individual sole holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities, duty 
at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities held, 
subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of 
administration which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
 
(d) 
Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(a) 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(b) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
 
(d) 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The US Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in 
the US known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA a 30 per cent 
withholding tax may be imposed on payments of US source income and certain payments of 
proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to US source income, unless the Issuer 
complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other 
information about, direct and indirect US holders of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
issued by the Issuer to the US Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority 
for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities issued 
by the Issuer that fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 
per cent withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to US 
sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities 
held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and 
the US in respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by 
the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of 
such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on 
some or all Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and 
adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of 
the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities held by one or more holders and/or may reduce 
the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
(e) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating 
jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with 
exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (Institutional Tax Compliance) 
(Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to 
comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has 
committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information 
in 2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed 
to implement the new global standard. 
Holders of the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities may be required to provide additional 
information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to 
provide requested information may subject an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or 
other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
(f) 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to 
the Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, 
both the level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the 
Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the 
Issuer, its assets and investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated 
by the Issuer. Both could significantly affect returns to investors. 
 
3. 
Taxation in Ireland  
 
(a) 
 General  
  
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership 
and disposition of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. This summary deals only with Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities held beneficially as capital assets and the receipt of interest 
thereon and does not address special classes of Security Holders such as dealers in securities or 
those holding the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities as part of a trade. This summary is 
not exhaustive and Security Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the 
taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the assumption 
that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency or have any other connection with Ireland other than the listing of the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on Euronext Dublin. The summary is based on current 
Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners.  
  
(b) 
Irish Withholding Tax  
 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities except where such payment has an 
Irish source. The payment is only likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the 
payment constitutes yearly interest and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or 
where the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities were secured on Irish situated assets which 
it is understood will not be the case. The mere offering of the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to Irish investors or the listing of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on 
Euronext Dublin will not cause such a payment to have an Irish source. In certain circumstances 
collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities in Ireland on behalf of a Security Holder, will be obliged to operate a withholding tax.  
  
(c) 
Taxation of Income  
 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security 
Holder holding Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be 
liable to Irish tax on the amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on 
redemption, received from the Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax at rates of 
up to 40 per cent. and would also potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the 
universal social charge. Corporate Security Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25 per cent. of 
the amount of interest received from the Issuer. Credit against Irish tax  on the interest received may 
be available in respect of any foreign withholding tax deducted by the Issuer.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
(d) 
Taxation of Capital Gains  
 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable 
to Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising on a disposal of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities currently at a 33 per cent rate. Reliefs and allowances may be available in computing the 
Security Holder’s liability.  
  
(e) 
Stamp Duty  
 
Transfers of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, 
provided the transfers do not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered 
company.  
  
(f) 
Capital Acquisitions Tax  
 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities will be within the 
charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the 
gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the 
disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if 
the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are regarded as property situated in Ireland. The 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities could only be considered property situated in Ireland if 
the register of Short and Leveraged Commodity Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the 
extent that certificates are issued in bearer form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This 
tax is charged at a rate of 33 per cent. on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined 
both by the relationship between the donor and the donee or successor and previous gifts and 
inheritances.  
  
(g) 
Offshore Fund Taxation  
 
 
While a holding of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities could potentially be treated as a 
material interest in an offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to 
offshore funds, the Irish Revenue Commissioners guidance indicates that exchange traded 
commodities which are generally structured as debt instruments will not come within the tax regime 
for offshore funds but instead will come within general tax principles (as to which we refer to 
paragraphs (c) and (d) above). As recommended above, Security Holders should obtain independent 
tax advice in relation to the tax implications of holding and disposing of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities.  
  
(h) 
Provision of Information  
 
Generally  
 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the 
relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed 
by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Security Holder is resident for taxation 
purposes.  
 
Common Reporting Standard (CRS)  
 
The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account 
holders tax resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The 
OECD used FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the CRS is broadly similar to the 
FATCA requirements, albeit with numerous alterations.  There are a significantly higher number of 
reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion 
of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported.  
 
Regulations, gave effect to the OECD’s Standard for the Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information in Tax Matters and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 January 2016.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional information 
to the Issuer which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with their counterparts in 
Ireland.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
PART 13 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Incorporation and Share Capital of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer was incorporated as a private limited company in Jersey on 16 August 2005 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the “Law”) and changed status to a public company 
on 15 September 2006 pursuant to a written resolution dated 15 September 2006. The Issuer 
operates under the Law and secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer is registered in 
Jersey under number 90959. The name of the Issuer was changed to “ETFS Commodity Securities 
Limited” on 15 June 2006 and to “WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited” on 26 September 
2019. 
(b) 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class 
designated as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued. 
(c) 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
(d) 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by HoldCo. 
 
2. 
Material Contracts 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been 
entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Programme or which could result in the Issuer being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Security 
Holders. The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the 
agreements impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
(a) 
the Trust Instrument dated 8 February 2008 and the supplemental trust instruments a summary 
of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities); 
(b) 
the following Security Deeds (each as amended), a summary of the principal terms of which is set 
out in Part 8 (Particulars of Security Deeds): 
• 
the Short Aluminium Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Brent Crude Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Short Cocoa Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Coffee Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Copper Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Corn Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Cotton Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Crude Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Gas Oil Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Short Gasoline Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Gold Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Heating Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Lead Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Lean Hogs Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Live Cattle Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
A9.4.3 
A9.4.4 
A9.4.5 
A9.4.6 
 
A14.4.11

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
• 
the Short Natural Gas Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Nickel Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Platinum Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Silver Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Soybean Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Soybeans Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Sugar Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Tin Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Wheat Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Zinc Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short All Commodities Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Energy Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Petroleum Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Ex-Energy Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Precious Metals Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Industrial Metals Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Agriculture Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Softs Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Livestock Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Short Grains Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Aluminium Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Brent Crude Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Leveraged Cocoa Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Coffee Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Copper Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Corn Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Cotton Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Crude Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Gas Oil Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Leveraged Gasoline Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Gold Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Heating Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Lead Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Lean Hogs Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Live Cattle Security Deed dated 8 February 2008;

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
• 
the Leveraged Natural Gas Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Nickel Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Platinum Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Silver Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Soybean Oil Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Soybeans Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Sugar Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Tin Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Wheat Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Zinc Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged All Commodities Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Energy Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Petroleum Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Ex-Energy Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Precious Metals Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Industrial Metals Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Agriculture Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Softs Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Livestock Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; 
• 
the Leveraged Grains Security Deed dated 8 February 2008; and 
• 
the Security Deed securing Three Times Commodity Securities dated 16 October 2015; 
(c) 
the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017  between the Issuer and MLI, a summary of the principal 
terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts) 
and a deed of novation dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, Merrill Lynch Commodities, Inc. 
(“MLCI”), MLI and the Trustee under which the obligations of MLCI in respect of Commodity 
Contracts entered into with MLCI prior to 27 October 2017 were assumed by MLI; 
(d) 
the BAC Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of 
Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(e) 
the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML, a summary of the 
principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts); 
(f) 
the Citigroup Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(g) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pursuant to 
which MLI agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance 
in respect of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and MLI agree that the 
Capital Adjustment will be at a rate equal to the rate per annum which is the most recent weekly 
auction high rate for four week US Treasury Bills, less a Spread agreed between the Issuer and 
MLI (currently agreed to be 0.85 per cent. per annum in respect of the One Times Short Commodity 
Securities, 1.90 per cent. per annum in respect of the Three Times Short Individual Securities, 
1.30 per cent per annum in respect of the Two times Leveraged Commodity Securities and 1.60 
per cent. per annum in respect of the Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities) less the

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Management Fee rate notified to MLI buy the Issuer (currently being 0.98 per cent. per annum) 
and the Licence Allowance rate notified to MLI by the Issuer (currently being 0.05 per cent. per 
annum); 
(h) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pursuant to 
which CGML agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance 
in respect of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and CGML agree that 
the Capital Adjustment will be at a rate equal to the rate per annum which is the most recent weekly 
auction high rate for four week US Treasury Bills, less a Spread agreed between the Issuer and 
CGML (currently agreed to be 0.85 per cent. per annum in respect of the One Times Short 
Commodity Securities, 1.90 per cent. per annum in respect of the Three Times Short Individual 
Securities, 1.30 per cent per annum in respect of the Two times Leveraged Commodity Securities 
and 1.60 per cent. per annum in respect of the Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities) less 
the Management Fee rate notified to CGML buy the Issuer (currently being 0.98 per cent. per 
annum) and the Licence Allowance rate notified to CGML by the Issuer (currently being 0.05 per 
cent. per annum); 
(i) 
the Calculation Agency Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, CGML and MLI; 
(j) 
the Security Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI, a summary of the 
principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts); 
(k) 
the Security Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML, a summary of the 
principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts); 
(l) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, MLI and The 
Bank of New York Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description 
of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(m) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, CGML and 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 
(Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(n) 
the following Authorised Participant Agreements, a summary of the principal terms of which is set 
out in paragraph 3 below: 
(i) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and ABN AMRO Clearing 
Bank N.V. dated 19 February 2008; 
(ii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Bluefin Europe LLP 
dated 9 March 2011; 
(iii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and BofA Securities 
Europe SA dated 12 June 2019;  
(iv) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between  the  Issuer,  ManJer  and  CGML  dated 29 
August 2017; 
(v) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and IMC Trading B.V. 
dated 26 July 2019;  
(vi) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Merrill Lynch 
International dated 2 June 2008; 
(vii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc dated 14 February 2008; 
(viii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna 
International Securities Limited dated 14 October 2009; 
(ix) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna Ireland 
Limited dated 14 October 2009; 
(x) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and UBS AG, London 
Branch dated 19 March 2008;

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
(xi) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited dated 13 December 2012; 
(xii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Jane Street Financial 
Limited dated 12 March 2015; and 
(xiii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Optiver VOF dated 
30 November 2016 
(o) 
the following Security Assignments between MLI and the Issuer securing to MLI the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V. 
(ii) 
Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Bluefin Europe LLP 
(iii) 
Security Assignment dated 12 June 2019 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and BofA Securities Europe SA 
(iv) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
(v) 
Security Assignment dated 25 July 2019 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and IMC Trading B.V. 
(vi) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street Financial Limited 
(vii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc 
(viii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Optiver VOF 
(ix) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International 
Securities Limited 
(x) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland Limited 
(xi) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG 
(xii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
(p) 
the following Security Assignments between CGML and the Issuer securing to CGML the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN AMRO Clearing Bank 
N.V. 
(ii) 
Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Bluefin Europe LLP 
(iii) 
Security Assignment dated 12 June 2019 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and BofA Securities Europe SA 
(iv) 
Security Assignment dated 25 July 2019 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and IMC Trading B.V. 
(v) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street Financial Limited

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
(vi) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Merrill Lynch International 
(vii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc 
(viii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Optiver VOF 
(ix) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International 
Securities Limited 
(x) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland Limited 
(xi) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG 
(xii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to 
the Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
(q) 
the Services Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby ManJer is responsible for supplying 
or procuring the supply of all management and administration services for the Issuer and for paying 
all the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including the fees and expenses of 
the Registrar and any administrator and the fees and expenses of the Trustee in relation to its role 
under the Trust Instrument) and the Issuer agrees to pay to ManJer the Management Fee and a 
processing fee representing the Application Fees and Redemption Fees which the Issuer has 
received (including by way of set-off). ManJer has delegated to WisdomTree UK Limited (formerly 
ETF Securities (UK) Limited), an affiliate company registered in England and Wales with registered 
number 7443535 and whose registered office is at 4th Floor, 3 Lombard Street, London EC3V 
9QQ certain of its duties and functions under the Services Agreement including the provision of 
additional marketing and back-office support functions. 
(r) 
the Administration Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative, company 
secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Administration 
Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may delegate, with the prior approval of the Issuer, in whole 
or in part the discharge of any of its duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and 
discretion under the Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for 
any loss suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement 
unless such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or 
non-performance by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its 
obligations or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any 
loss, delay, mis-delivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as 
a result of acting upon any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Issuer; 
and 
(s) 
the Registrar Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby the Registrar is responsible for 
supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, including the provision of a 
registration and transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement 
and for which the Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may, with the Issuer’s 
approval, delegate certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, 
loss, costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter relating 
to the Registers as a result of loss, delay, misdelivery or error in transmission of any cable, telex, 
telefax or telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall later be 
proved to be forged or otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred 
by the Issuer as a result of the fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar).

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense 
(including legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the discharge 
of its duties and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim, 
cost, expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or 
negligence.  
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any 
such liability arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees 
payable by the Issuer to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result 
of the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST 
Service (as defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result 
of any timetable changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK 
& Ireland Limited. The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the 
Issuer as a result of any acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers 
are required in order for it to comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar 
Agreement). 
 
3. 
Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Authorised Participants as at the date of this document are the persons who have entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer as described in paragraph 2(n) above. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements 
impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and 
Part 4 (Description of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities). 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreements referred to in paragraph 2(n) 
above, each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that: 
(a) 
in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date 
on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”), it has not made and will not make an offer of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect 
from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities which has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus Directive or, where  
appropriate, published in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with Article 18 of the Prospectus 
Directive and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication; 
(ii) 
at any time to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial 
markets or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in 
securities; 
(iii) 
at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least 250 
employees during the last financial  year;  (2)  a  total  balance  sheet  of  more  than  EUR 
43,000,000, and (3) an annual turnover of more than EUR 50,000,000, each as shown in its 
last annual or consolidated accounts; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to the public” in relation to any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in any 
Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State and the expression 
A14.5.2.1

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing 
measure in each Relevant Member State; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the United Kingdom 
financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat customers fairly) with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities in, from 
or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
(d) 
it will not offer or sell any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to, and will not conduct any 
offers, selling efforts, promotions, marketing, advertising or other related activities in respect of 
any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in a manner that could denote, hold out or suggest 
that Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be suitable for investment by, any persons 
other than professional or institutional investors (it being agreed that the publication of the 
Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of the Authorised Participant Agreement, and acts 
done for the purpose of compliance with listing rules, prospectus rules or disclosure and 
transparency rules in respect thereof, will not of themselves be regarded as a breach of this 
undertaking); 
(e) 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of it or any of its Affiliates): 
(i) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities within the United States or to US Persons; 
(ii) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to a Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, whether before, 
on or after the relevant Application Date; or 
(iii) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Short or 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
Terms used in this paragraph 3(e) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act of 1933 of the United States. 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and on the 
distribution of this Prospectus are set out in paragraph 10 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The Authorised Participant Agreements may be terminated by either party thereto at any time upon thirty 
days’ prior written notice to the other parties. 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with institutions to act as Authorised Participants and/or market- 
makers which may include commitments to make markets on varying terms, but which may include 
commitments to maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot sizes. 
 
4. 
Licence Agreement 
ManJer has entered into an agreement with Bloomberg and UBS Securities dated as of 13 February 
2018, pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter into a new licence agreement (the “Licence 
Agreement”) with respect to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices. Pursuant to the 
terms of the Licence Agreement, ManJer has been granted the right to use the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM and related indices, including the Individual Commodity Indices for the issuance and trading of, 
inter alia, the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and the right to use and refer to the trademarks 
of UBS Securities and Bloomberg associated with such Commodity Indices for certain purposes in 
connection with the issuance, distribution, marketing and promotion of, inter alia, the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. The Licence Agreement also permits ManJer to post on its website delayed intra- 
day and settlement pricing for such Commodity Indices. The Licence Agreement automatically renews 
on an annual basis unless terminated in accordance with the agreement. 
ManJer will, out of the Licence Allowance, pay such fees as are due under the Licence Agreement from 
time to time.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
The Issuer has the right to use the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and sub-indices thereof including the 
Individual Commodity Indices, the Second Month Indices and Composite Commodity Indices and the 
trademarks of UBS Securities and/or Bloomberg in connection with the issuance, marketing and 
promotion of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities provided it agrees to be bound by all the 
provisions of the Licence Agreement as if it were the licencee thereunder including, without limitation, 
those provisions imposing any obligations on ManJer. 
 
5. 
ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
60 classes of Short Individual Securities and 60 classes of Leveraged Individual Securities are specifically 
described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts of such Individual Securities as at 16 
November 2021 were as follows: 
 
 
Short Individual Securities 
Class of One Times Short Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DK421 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
JE00B78DPL57 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short  
JE00B2NFT310 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Coffee 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DK538 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DK645 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DK751 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DK868 
US$2.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKB91 
US$2.05 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 1x Daily Short  
JE00B6VP1681 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKC09 
US$1.82 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKD16 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short  
JE00B2NFT088 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKF30 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKG47 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKH53 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Nickel 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKJ77 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short  
JE00B2NFT195 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKK82 
US$1.78 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKL99 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKP38 
US$2.37 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKQ45 
US$1.85 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
JE00B2NFT203 US$1.89 
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKR51 US$5.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily 
Short  
JE00B24DK975 US$5.00 
WisdomTree Zinc 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKS68 US$1.90 
Class of Three Times Short Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7ND11 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NF35 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NG42 US$5.00 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY3K46 
US$1.90 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY4341 
US$1.70 
WisdomTree Corn 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NH58 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cotton 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NJ72 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NK87 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7PC44 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY4L28 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NL94 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lead 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NM02 US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NN19 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NP33 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY5082 
US$1.75 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY5Q48 US$1.50 
WisdomTree Platinum 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NQ40 US$5.00 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A19.1.3

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY6502 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NR56 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NS63 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYQY7799 
US$0.95 
WisdomTree Tin 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NT70 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Short 
JE00BYQY7P70 US$5.00 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily 
Short  
JE00BYQY8219 US$2.00 
WisdomTree Zinc 3x Daily Short  
JE00BYV7NV92 US$5.00 
Leveraged Individual Securities 
Class of Two Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTC05 
US$0.14 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BDD9QD91 US$0.71 
WisdomTree Cocoa 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV803 
US$0.90 
WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTD12 
US$0.10 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTF36 
US$0.38 
WisdomTree Corn 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTG43 
US$0.09 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTH59 
US$1.12 
WisdomTree Gasoline 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTK88 
US$0.40 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B6XJ6744 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTL95 
US$2.69 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTM03 
US$0.40 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTZ32 
US$0.69 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTN10 
US$0.45 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTP34 
US$2.39 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BDD9Q956 
US$0.45 
WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BDD9QB77 US$4.60 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV134 
US$0.21 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTS64 
US$0.91 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTT71 
US$0.38 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTV93 
US$1.91 
WisdomTree Sugar 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTW01 US$0.12 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV241 
US$2.68 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
JE00BDD9QC84 US$2.90 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily 
Leveraged  
JE00BDD9Q840 US$0.15 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTY25 US$0.88

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Class of Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7NW00 US$5.00 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7NX17 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cocoa 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7NY24 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Coffee 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY3Z98 
US$0.50 
WisdomTree Copper 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY4F67 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Corn 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7NZ31 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Cotton 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P021 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gasoline 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P138 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7PD50 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Gold 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY4X40 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P245 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lead 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P351 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P468 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P575 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY5H56 US$0.40 
WisdomTree Nickel 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY5X15 
US$1.63 
WisdomTree Platinum 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P682 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Silver 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY6F08 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P799 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Soybeans 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P807 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Sugar 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY7H96 US$0.26 
WisdomTree Tin 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7P914 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Wheat 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYQY8102 
US$0.50 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 3x Daily 
Leveraged 
JE00BYQY8G54 US$1.50 
WisdomTree Zinc 3x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BYV7PB37 US$5.00

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
In addition ten classes of Short Index Securities and ten classes of Leveraged Index Securities are 
specifically described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts (as at 23 October 2019) of 
such Index Securities are as follows: 
 
Class of One Times Short Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
JE00B24DL056 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKT75 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKV97 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKX12 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DL387 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKZ36 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DL270 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKW05 US$5.00 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DKY29 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Softs 1x Daily Short  
JE00B24DL163 
US$5.00 
Class of Two Times Leveraged Index Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFT427 
US$0.70 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV571 
US$0.71 
WisdomTree Energy 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFT534 
US$0.02 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 2x Daily  
JE00B2NFT641 
US$1.87 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFT757 
US$0.87 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV688 
US$0.55 
WisdomTree Livestock 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFT864 
US$2.07 
WisdomTree Petroleum 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00BDD9Q733 
US$0.44 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFV795 
US$2.08 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged  
JE00B2NFTB97 
US$1.86 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any 
other commodity index calculated and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any of its Affiliates) in 
accordance with the Handbook, provided that the Issuer can create matching Commodity Contracts 
under a Facility Agreement. To the extent that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such class 
or classes of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, such additional details (including the name, 
ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and details of the relevant commodity index) will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities) and Condition 
18 the Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities of any class into Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of 
the same class but with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Price. Consolidated or 
divided Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus and, to 
the extent that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such consolidated or divided Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal 
Amount thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus 
supplemental hereto. 
 
6. 
Sources  
The information given under the heading “Composition and Weightings” in Part 3 (Dow Jones — UBS 
Commodity Indices) is sourced from the Handbook. 
The information given in “Table 2 — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts” under the 
heading “Designated Contracts” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) is sourced from the 
Handbook. 
The figures given in “Table 3 — Simulated Historical Investment Returns – One Times Short Commodity 
Securities and Two Times Leveraged Commodity Securities” under the heading “Simulated Historic 
Investment Returns” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) are extracted from data made 
available by Bloomberg. The “Index Volatility”, “Index Return”, “Short Return” and “Leveraged Return” 
figures given in such table have been calculated by ManJer based on such data. The figures given in 
A9.1.4 
A14.1.4

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
such table have been calculated by ManJer based on data published by Bloomberg. 
The figures given in “Table 4 – Simulated Historical Investment Returns – Three Times Short Individual 
Securities and Three Times Leveraged Individual Securities in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) are extracted from data made available by Bloomberg. The “Index Volatility”, “Index Return”, 
Short Return” and “Leveraged Return” figures given in such table have been calculated by ManJer based 
on data published by Bloomberg. 
 
Aluminium 
The statements under the heading “Aluminium” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the United States Geological Survey website (http://www.usgs.gov). 
 
Brent Crude 
The statements under the heading “Brent Crude” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the website of Platts (https://www.spglobal.com/platts/en), a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies. 
 
Cocoa 
The statements under the heading “Cocoa” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Cocoa Organization 
hhttps://www.icco.org/growing-cocoa/. 
 
Coffee 
The statements under the heading “Coffee” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Coffee Organization website (http://www.ico.org). 
 
Copper 
The statements under the heading “Copper” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Copper Study Group website (http://www.icsg.org) and the 
Copper Development Association (http://www.copperalliance.org.uk). 
 
Corn 
The statements under the heading “Corn” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Cotton 
The statements under the heading “Cotton” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau and the International Cotton Advisory Committee (https://www.icac.org/). 
 
Crude Oil 
The statements under the heading “Crude Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) that over the past several decades oil has been the world’s foremost source of primary 
energy consumption, that the behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) 
is often the key to price developments in the world crude oil market are derived from the International 
Energy Outlook, published by the Energy Information Administration. 
 
Gas Oil 
The statements under the heading “Gas Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the Nationwide Fuels website (https://www.nationwidefuels.co.uk/) 
 
Gasoline 
The statements under the heading “Gasoline” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005 published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Gold 
The statements under the heading “Gold” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the Thomson Reuters GFMS Limited Gold Survey 2018 and World Gold 
Council. 
 
Heating Oil 
The statements under the heading “Heating Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Kansas Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Kansas Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the United States Department of Agriculture 
(http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx) 
and 
the 
Kansas 
City 
Board 
of 
Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html). 
 
Lead 
The statements under the heading “Lead” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Lead and Zinc Study Group 
(http://www.ilzsg.org) International Lead Association (https://www.ila-lead.org). 
 
Lean Hogs 
The statements under the heading “Lean Hogs” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Live Cattle 
The statements under the heading “Live Cattle” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Natural Gas 
The statements under the heading “Natural Gas” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Nickel 
The statements under the heading “Nickel” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau and the Nickel Institute (http://www.nickelinstitute.org) and the Australian Government 
Department of Industry, Innovation and Science website https://www.industry.gov.au/. 
 
Platinum 
The statements under the heading “Platinum” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Platinum Group Metals Association 
(http://www.ipa-news.com/pgm/platinum/index.htm) and GFMS Thomson Reuters (https://forms. 
thomsonreuters.com/gfms/). 
 
Silver 
The statements under the heading “Silver” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the Silver Institute website (http://www.silverinstitute.org).

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Soybean Meal 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Meal” in Part  9  (Commodities,  Commodity  and  Futures 
Markets, 
and 
Exchanges) 
are 
derived 
from 
United 
States 
Department 
of 
Agriculture 
https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops, 
the 
Chicago 
Board 
of 
Trade 
https://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/soybean-meal.html and The CRB 
Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Soybean Oil 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the 
Commodity Research Bureau. 
 
Soybeans 
The statements under the heading “Soybeans” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Sugar 
The statements under the heading “Sugar” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
 
Tin 
The statements under the heading “Tin” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau and the International Tin Association (www.internationaltin.org) and the U.S. Geological 
Survey website (http://www.usgs.gov). 
 
Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the United States Department of Agriculture’s Economic Research Service. 
 
Zinc 
The statements under the heading “Zinc” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau, and the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
 
Futures Markets 
The statements under the heading “Futures Markets” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission website 
(http://www.cftc.gov), and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange website (https://www.cmegroup.com/). 
 
Exchanges 
The statements under the heading “CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade, now merged with CME)” in Part 9 
(Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Board 
of Trade website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, 
Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 
website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade)” in Part 9 (Commodities, 
Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Kansas City Board of Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “LME (London Metal Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the London Metal Exchange website

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
(http://www.lme.com). 
The statements under the heading “ICE Futures U.S.” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, 
and 
Exchanges) 
are 
derived 
from 
the 
Intercontinental 
Exchange 
website 
(http://www.theice.com). 
The statements under the heading “NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.)” in Part 9 
(Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the New York 
Mercantile Exchange website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
To the extent that the information referred to in this paragraph 6 above has been sourced from a third 
party, such information has been accurately reproduced and, so for as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by the referenced third party source, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the documents or websites referred to in this paragraph 6 above are incorporated into or form 
part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules. 
 
7. 
General 
(a) 
The Issuer’s auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle 
Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Company’s auditors were previously KPMG 
Channel Islands Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who 
audited the Company’s annual accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 
to 3 December 2020. The annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the 
London Stock Exchange on 15 May 2020 and 30 April 2021 respectively are incorporated in this 
document 
by 
reference 
and 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/engb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-
2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080- 3C2DADB050A7 (under the 'Regulatory Reports' section and the 
'WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information' tab, the documents listed above are entitled 
‘WisdomTree Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2019’ and ‘WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2020’) and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in 
paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information). The annual audited accounts of the Issuer will 
generally be published within four months of year end, currently 31 December in each year. Half-
yearly unaudited accounts will generally be published within four months of the mid-year end, 
currently 30 June in each year. Each of the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited 
accounts will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 
2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-
3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax 
Information’ tab, the documents listed above are entitled ‘WisdomTree Commodity Securities Ltd 
– Interim Accounts’). 
(b) 
The Issuer’s financial statements are presented in US Dollars. The value of any assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than US Dollars is converted into US Dollars at rates 
quoted by independent sources. The valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer attributable 
to any Pool is determined under the supervision of the Board. The Commodity Contracts constitute 
an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, the Commodity 
Contracts are valued at the Price as at the date of valuation. 
(c) 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2020. 
(d) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period of 12 months preceding 
the date of this document, which may have or have had in the recent past significant effect on the 
Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
(e) 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
issued and to be issued within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical 
only and investors should be aware that there is no trading facility for Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities there. 
A9.8.2 
A9.2.1 
A14.7.2 
A9.8.4 
 
A9.8.3

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
All Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities in issue at the date of this document have been 
admitted to the UK Official List and have been admitted to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange. Applications have been made to the UK Listing Authority for all Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities issued within 12 months from the date of this document to 
be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for certain classes of Short 
and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market. 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but 
are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(f) 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Listing Rules, the Transparency 
Rules and the Transparency Directive. Each Pricing Day the Issuer will publish Capital Adjustments, 
collateral yields and Prices in respect of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on its 
website as described under the heading “Pricing and Trading of Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities — Publication of Pricing Information” in Part 1 (General). Save as aforesaid, the Issuer 
does not intend to provide post-issuance information in respect of the underlying assets. 
(g) 
The securitised assets backing the issue being the Commodity Contracts, the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control Agreement, the CGML Facility 
Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement have characteristics 
that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
 
8. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities remain  
outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during normal business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer in printed form: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Services Agreement; 
(c) 
the Authorised Participant Agreements; 
(d) 
the Security Assignments; 
(e) 
the Trust Instrument and the Classic and Longer Dated Trust Instrument and supplemental trust 
instruments to each; 
(f) 
the Security Deeds and deeds of amendments thereto; and 
(g) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer. 
Copies of this Prospectus and the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree 
Management Jersey Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW. 
The 
documents 
listed 
at 
8(a) 
and 
(g) 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-
778F-4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
The documents listed at 8(b)- (f) are available at the Issuer’s Website at  https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-4B7F-A4D5-
D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Documents for Inspection’ tab. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus 
and other than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020, no other documents, including the contents of any websites 
or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
 
A14.4.1(b)C     
A19.4.1            
A17.3.1 
A9.8.2.2 
 
A19.2.1 
 
A9.9.1 
A14.4.11

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
9. 
Jersey Law Consents 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services 
Commission, in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) 
(Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the WisdomTree Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF 
Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services 
Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its 
functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness 
of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
 
10. 
Selling Restrictions 
The following restrictions on offer and sales apply. The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are 
not subject to any restrictions on transferability. 
European Union 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date on which the 
Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant Implementation 
Date”) no offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be made to the public in that Relevant 
Member State, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, an offer of 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be made in that Relevant Member State: 
(a)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  
provided that no such offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity to 
the public” in relation to any Short and Leveraged Commodity in any Relevant Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant 
Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State 
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments 
thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. 
United Kingdom 
No offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be made to the public in the United Kingdom, 
save that an offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be made in the United Kingdom:  
(a)  at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Short and Leveraged Commodity to 
the public” in relation to any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Short and Leveraged

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Commodity Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, as the same may be varied in the United Kingdom by any 
measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) as it applies in the United 
Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and includes any relevant implementing 
measure in the United Kingdom. 
In addition, no invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be 
communicated or caused to be communicated by any person except in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer. 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not 
be required to register the offer and sale of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities under the 
Securities Act, so that the Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act and related rules and to address certain ERISA, U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code and other considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Issuer determines 
in its sole discretion to remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to trade them. 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or any other applicable law of the United States. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are 
being offered and sold only outside the United States to non US persons in reliance on the exemption 
from registration provided by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act and related rules. Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and any 
beneficial interest therein may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United 
States or to US persons. If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person 
(being a US Person who is not a “qualified purchaser” as defined in the Investment Company Act), the 
Issuer may redeem the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the 
Issuer or the Trustee” (Condition 8). 
The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any 
“employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any 
“plan” to which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies 
(collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing 
Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be 
modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject 
to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities on 
behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity (any such Plan entity or person, 
a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may redeem the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities held by 
that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory 
Redemption by the Issuer or the Trustee” (Condition 8). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities and on the 
distribution of this Prospectus are set out in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
 
11. 
Consent to use of Prospectus by Financial Intermediaries in certain Member States and the 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content 
of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities by any financial intermediary in any of Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and 
Sweden any financial intermediary which is an investment firm within the meaning of the MiFID II and 
which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. The Issuer has also consented to 
the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, and has accepted responsibility for the content of this 
Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Short and 
AXX(XII).4.1.10A
 
A22.1.1 
A22.1.2 
A22.1.3 
A22.1.4

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
Leveraged Commodity Securities in the United Kingdom by any financial intermediary which is an 
investment firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Each such 
consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published 
on the Issuer’s website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state 
on its website that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the 
conditions attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final 
placement by way of public offer of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities, such financial 
intermediary may not reuse this Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer 
Jurisdictions identified in the Final Terms, provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The financial intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities may be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally 
eligible to participate in a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and 
regulations. 
 
12. 
Data Protection 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred 
or otherwise processed is available on the website of the Issuer. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with 
its application for Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities or which is subsequently provided by or 
on behalf of a prospective individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and 
processed by the Issuer in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection 
Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer's service providers for the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to anti- 
money laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service 
provider to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to 
compliance with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting 
standard or any legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to 
implement a similar tax reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
A14.5.2.1 
 
A22.1.5 
A22.1.6 
A22.2B1 
A14.5.2.1

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer's service providers to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide 
services for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer, 
redemption and registration of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do 
not offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data 
is disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and / or 
its service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such 
data as described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred 
to above. 
 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to 
Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in 
the UK pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
ANNEX 1 
 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
für 
• [siehe Anhang 1] [Short Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
der 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
eingeteilt in Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] 
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz in Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (im folgenden ‘’Clearstream’’ genannt), als Deckung • [siehe 
Anhang 1] [Short Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities Namensschuldverschreibungen (im 
folgenden ‘’Schuldverschreibungen’’ genannt) der WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, 
Channel Islands (im folgenden ‘’Gesellschaft’’ genannt). Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 8 Februar 
2008 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (im folgenden 
‘’Treuhandvertrag’’) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, 
besichert, und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einen Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] 
eingeteilt. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind auf Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, eingetragen 
und in einem bei der Citibank N.A., London, England, unterhaltenen Sonderdepot, verwahrt. Jeder 
Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von Clearstream die Auslieferung und 
Registrierung 
einer 
seinem 
Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden 
Stückzahl 
von 
[Short 
Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf seinen 
Namen 
oder 
den 
Namen 
eines 
von 
ihm 
benannten 
Dritten 
in 
das 
maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister, zu verlangen. 
Im Übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten Zertifikatsbedingungen, die 
Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind. 
Frankfurt am Main, den … 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
ANNEX 2 
 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
1. 
Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes und eines Prokuristen der Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im folgenden “Clearstream” genannt). 
2. 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil entsprechenden 
Stückzahl von • [siehe Anhang 1] [Short Commodity][Leveraged Commodity] Securities 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
(im 
folgenden 
‘’Schuldverschreibungen’’ 
genannt) 
der 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (im folgenden 
‘’Gesellschaft’’ genannt) auf seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in 
das maßgebliche Schuldverschreibungsregister zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag 
vom 8 Februar 2008 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c. (im folgenden ‘’Treuhandvertrag’’) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im 
Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem 
Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat der 
Miteigentümer der Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu erteilen, wobei die Lieferadresse bzw. 
die Adresse, an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der Eintragung in das Schuldverschreibungsregister 
durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, angegeben sein muss. 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches bestimmten 
Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige mit der Auslieferung 
bzw. Übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben zu tragen. 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden. 
3. 
Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe seines 
Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen, 
soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des Rechts von Jersey, Channel Islands, 
zustehen. 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die Clearstream an 
den Miteigentümer weiter. 
Im Übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen und 
Bedingungen. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen nach Maßgabe der jeweils geltenden 
Devisenvorschriften in EURO, es sei denn, dass der Miteigentümer rechtzeitig vor Fälligkeit 
Zahlung in USD (United States Dollars) verlangt hat. 
4. 
Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anlässlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem benannten 
Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen lassen. 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen sowie die 
Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur Ausübung des 
Stimmrechts im Vorfeld einer solchen Gläubigerversammlung bekanntzugeben. 
5. 
Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nach Maßgabe 
ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu tragen. 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, allein auf Grund

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
der Tatsache unterworfen wird, dass sie die Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle Miteigentümer 
nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat umzulegen. 
6. 
Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß. 
7. 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank N.A., London, England, (im folgenden ‘’Verwahrer’’ 
genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Ltd., London, England, (im 
folgenden “Nominee” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch eine andere Person zu 
ersetzen. Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf die sorgfältige Auswahl. 
Unberührt bleibt die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des Verwahrers oder des Nominees 
selbst wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle 
Bezugnahmen auf den Verwahrer bzw. den Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen 
auf den neuen Verwahrer bzw. Nominee. 
8. 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form nicht 
mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die Zulassung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zum 
Handel und zur amtlichen Notierung an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen zurückgenommen, so wird 
die Clearstream die Miteigentümer auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. 
Wird dieser Auftrag nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 3 Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der Aufforderung 
erteilt, so ist die Clearstream nach ihrem Ermessen berechtigt, die Eintragung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf den Namen des Miteigentümers oder eines in der Aufforderung 
benannten Dritten zu veranlassen und die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer in der Aufforderung 
angegebenen Stelle für den Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit 
erlöschen sämtliche Pflichten der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat. 
9. 
Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden in mindestens je 
einem überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt der deutschen Wertpapierbörsen veröffentlicht werden, 
an denen die Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber- 
Sammelzertifikat gehandelt und amtlich notiert werden. 
10. 
Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und Schäden, die 
den für das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat als Deckung gehaltenen Bestand an Schuldverschreibungen 
infolge höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- 
oder Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, die die Clearstream oder der Verwahrer nicht 
zu vertreten haben. 
Die Clearstream wird alle Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der Sorgfalt eines 
ordentlichen Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, Regierungserlasse, Krieg, 
Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder andere Umstände, die sie nicht 
zu vertreten hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen gehindert, so trifft sie keine Verantwortung. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den 
Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten der Miteigentümer geltend machen. 
Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des 
Nominees. 
11. 
Sollte irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise unwirksam oder undurchführbar sein 
oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon unberührt. Für unwirksame oder 
undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieses Vertragsverhältnisses 
entsprechende Regelung gelten. 
12. 
Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt am Main. 
13. 
Eine Änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte der 
Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche Vorschriften 
bedingt ist.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
Anhang 1 
Sofern WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited weitere Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen ihres 
Programms begibt, kann Anhang 1 jederzeit geändert werden. 
Nennbetrag 
Name 
Ursprüngliche ISIN (der) 
Schuldverschreibung) 
LSE 
Code 
(USD) 7 Juli 
2016 
WisdomTree Aluminium 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Aluminium) 
JE00B24DK421 
SALU 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Cocoa 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Cocoa) 
JE00B2NFT310 
SCOC 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Coffee 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Coffee) 
JE00B24DK538 
SCFE 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Copper 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Copper) 
JE00B24DK645 
SCOP 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Corn 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Corn) 
JE00B24DK751 
SCOR 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Cotton 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Cotton) 
JE00B24DK868 
SCTO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short WTI Crude Oil) 
JE00B24DK975 
SOIL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Gasoline 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Gasoline) 
JE00B24DKB91 
SGAS 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Gold 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Gold) 
JE00B24DKC09 
SBUL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Heating Oil) 
JE00B24DKD16 
SHEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Lead 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Lead) 
JE00B2NFT088 
SLEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Lean Hogs) 
JE00B24DKF30 
SLHO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Live Cattle) 
JE00B24DKG47 
SLCT 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Natural Gas) 
JE00B24DKH53 
SNGA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Nickel 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Nickel) 
JE00B24DKJ77 
SNIK 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Platinum 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Platinum) 
JE00B2NFT195 
SPLA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Silver 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Silver) 
JE00B24DKK82 
SSIL 
$1.78 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybean Oil) 
JE00B24DKL99 
SSYO 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Soybeans) 
JE00B24DKP38 
SSOB 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Sugar 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Sugar) 
JE00B24DKQ45 
SSUG 
$1.85 
WisdomTree Tin 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Tin) 
JE00B2NFT203 
STIM 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Wheat 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Wheat) 
JE00B24DKR51 
SWEA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Zinc 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Zinc) 
JE00B24DKS68 
SZIC 
$5.00000000

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
Ursprüngliche ISIN (der) LSE 
Nennbetrag 
(USD) 7 Juli 
Name 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Code 
2016 
WisdomTree Agriculture 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Agriculture) 
JE00B24DL056 
SAGR 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short All Commodities) 
JE00B24DKT75 
SALL 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Energy 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Energy) 
JE00B24DKV97 
SNRG 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Grains 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Grains) 
JE00B24DL387 
SGRA 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Industrial Metals) 
JE00B24DKZ36 
SIME 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Livestock 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Livestock) 
JE00B24DL270 
SLST 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Petroleum 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Petroleum) 
JE00B24DKW05 
SPET 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 1x Daily Short 
(formerly ETFS 1x Daily Short Precious Metals) 
JE00B24DKY29 
SPMT 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Aluminium 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Aluminium) 
JE00B2NFTC05 
LALU 
$1.23 
WisdomTree Cocoa 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Cocoa) 
JE00B2NFV803 
LCOC 
$2.58 
WisdomTree Coffee 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Coffee) 
JE00B2NFTD12 
LCFE 
$0.89 
WisdomTree Copper 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Copper) 
JE00B2NFTF36 
LCOP 
$1.24 
WisdomTree Corn 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Corn) 
JE00B2NFTG43 
LCOR 
$1.19 
WisdomTree Cotton 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Cotton) 
JE00B2NFTH59 
LCTO 
$1.12 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long WTI Crude Oil) 
JE00BDD9Q840 
LOIL 
$24.36 
WisdomTree Gasoline 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Gasoline) 
JE00B2NFTK88 
LGAS 
$1.43 
WisdomTree Gold 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Gold) 
JE00B2NFTL95 
LBUL 
$2.69 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Heating Oil) 
JE00B2NFTM03 
LHEA 
$1.02 
WisdomTree Lead 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Lead) 
JE00B2NFTZ32 
LLEA 
$0.69 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Lean Hogs) 
JE00B2NFTN10 
LLHO 
$0.45 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Live Cattle) 
JE00B2NFTP34 
LLCT 
$2.39 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Natural Gas) 
JE00BDD9Q956 
LNGA 
$19.194 
WisdomTree Nickel 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Nickel) 
JE00BDD9QB77 
LNIK 
$11.70 
WisdomTree Platinum 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Platinum) 
JE00B2NFV134 
LPLA 
$0.68 
WisdomTree Silver 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Silver) 
JE00B2NFTS64 
LSIL 
$0.91 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybean Oil) 
JE00B2NFTT71 
LSYO 
$5.00000000

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
Nennbetrag 
Ursprüngliche ISIN (der) LSE 
(USD) 7 Juli 
Name 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Code 
2016 
WisdomTree Soybeans 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Soybeans) 
JE00B2NFTV93 
LSOB 
$1.91 
WisdomTree Sugar 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Sugar) 
JE00B2NFTW01 
LSUG 
$0.53 
WisdomTree Tin 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Tin) 
JE00B2NFV241 
LTIM 
$2.68 
WisdomTree Wheat 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Wheat) 
JE00BDD9QC84 
LWEA 
$8.064 
WisdomTree Zinc 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Zinc) 
JE00B2NFTY25 
LZIC 
$0.88 
WisdomTree Agriculture 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Agriculture) 
JE00B2NFT427 
LAGR 
$1.75 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long All Commodities) 
JE00B2NFV571 
LALL 
$0.71 
WisdomTree Grains 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Grains) 
JE00B2NFT757 
LGRA 
$1.73 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Industrial Metals) 
JE00B2NFV688 
LIME 
$1.36 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Precious Metals) 
JE00B2NFV795 
LPMT 
$2.08 
WisdomTree Softs 2x Daily Leveraged 
(formerly ETFS 2x Daily Long Softs) 
JE00B2NFTB97 
LSFT 
$1.86 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the names of the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
ANNEX 3 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited under the Programme for 
the Issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. This form of Final Terms is used when Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market other than in conjunction 
with an offer thereof to the public in one or more member states, for example, to Authorised Participants. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE COMMODITY SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 90959) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Individual/Index] Securities 
[and 
[number][class][Individual/Index] Securities] 
([together] the “WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 16 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the 
WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 8 February 
2008 as amended and supplemented by trust instruments supplemental thereto between the Issuer and 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities. Words and expressions used in these Final Terms and not defined herein bear 
the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and (2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules only. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any 
supplement, which are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule 
PRR3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu. In 
order to get the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must 
be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Short or Leveraged Commodity Securities are as 
follows: 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Creation Price: 
[•] 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[•] 
A19.1.3 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A14.4.13 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.6.4

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
Maximum number/amount of WisdomTree Short or Leveraged 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the Class or 
Category being issued pursuant to these Final Terms: 
[•] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Short or Leveraged 
[London Stock Exchange]* 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading: 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange]  
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
 
* Please note that the admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers 
or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine. 
 
 
 
 
A14.4.4 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Annex – Form of Issue Specific Summary 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
ANNEX 4 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of WisdomTree Commodity Securities to the public under the 
Programme for the Issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities. This form of Final Terms is 
used when Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are being offered to the public in one or more 
member states. 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE COMMODITY SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 90959) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Individual/Index] Securities 
([together] the “WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 16 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the 
WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument dated 8 February 
2008 as amended and supplemented by trust instruments supplemental thereto between the Issuer and 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities. Words and expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same 
meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and  
(2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules only. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, 
which are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and   Rule PRR3.2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer https://www.wisdomtree.eu. In order to get 
the full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the WisdomTree Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities may be made (other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation) by the Issuer or by [• with LEI[•]] (each a “Permitted 
Offeror”) in [Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden] [the United Kingdom (please note that such offers in the 
United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation but will be made pursuant 
to the UK Prospectus Regulation)] (“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•] (the 
“Offer Period”). 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are as follows: 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class: 
[•] 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Creation Price: 
[•] 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Short or Leveraged Commodity 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
A14.4.16 
A14.4.4 
A19.2.4 
A14.4.13 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A19.1.3 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.6.4

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree Short 
or Leveraged Commodity Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
[•] 
Maximum number/amount of WisdomTree Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the Class or 
Category being issued pursuant to these Final Terms:                    [•]                                                                                                     
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangement and time for announcing 
to the public the amount of the offer: 
[•] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[•] 
The time period, including any possible amendments 
during which the offer will be open and a description 
of the application process: 
[•] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[•] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up and 
delivering the WisdomTree Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities: 
[•] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[•] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[•] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[•] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[•] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the 
offer takes place: 
[•] 
Name and address of any paying agents and depository 
agents in each country: 
[•] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or under “best efforts” 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, 
a statement of the portion not covered: 
[•] 
When the underwriting agreement has been or will 
be reached: 
[•] 
Name and address of a calculation agent: 
[•] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Short or Leveraged 
[London Stock Exchange]* 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading: 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that the admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers 
or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine. 
A14.4.4 
A14.5.3.1(a)● 
A14.5.1.1 
A14.5.1.2 
A14.5.1.4 
A14.5.1.5 
A14.5.1.6 
A14.5.2.1 
A14.5.2.2 
A14.5.3.1(c)● 
A14.5..4.1 
A14.5..4.2 
A14.5..4.3 
A14.5..4.4 
A14.6.1(a)B

--- Page 268 ---
Annex – Form of Issue Specific Summary 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Term