--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base prospectus dated 4 January 2021 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies  
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 90959)  
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
Prospectus for the issue of 
WisdomTree Classic Commodity Securities 
and 
WisdomTree Longer Dated Commodity Securities 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of WisdomTree 
Classic Commodity Securities and WisdomTree Longer Dated Commodity Securities (the “Commodity 
Securities”) and Micro Securities (together with the Commodity Securities, the “Micro and Commodity 
Securities”) by WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited (the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under the “Prospectus Regulation”. The Central Bank only approves this base prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Micro and Commodity Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Micro and Commodity Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, 
(“MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Such approval by the FCA 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
 
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply 
where Micro and Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating 
within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of Micro and Commodity Securities is made to the public (within

--- Page 2 ---
2 
the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The 
Prospectus Regulation applies where Micro and Commodity Securities are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an offer of Micro and Commodity Securities is made to 
the to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more 
Member States of the European Economic Area. Accordingly Investors should be aware that they will only 
have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those 
provisions apply and will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus 
Regulation applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making any 
investment in the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year from the date of this document and may be supplemented or replaced 
from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in it. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Micro and Commodity Securities which are undated secured limited 
recourse debt securities of the Issuer. The Micro and Commodity Securities are designed to enable investors 
to gain exposure to changes in indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures 
contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts. 
An investment in Micro and Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors 
may lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of Micro and 
Commodity Securities can go down as well as up. 
Micro and Commodity Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of 
risk and may not be suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is advisable that any person 
wishing to invest seeks appropriate financial, tax and other advice from an independent 
financial advisor with appropriate regulatory authorisation and qualifications and an investment in 
Micro and Commodity Securities is only suitable for persons who understand the economic risk of 
an investment in Micro and Commodity Securities and are able to bear the risk for an indefinite 
period of time. A prospective investor should be aware that the value of their entire investment or 
part of their investment in Micro and Commodity Securities may be lost. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Micro and Commodity Securities required to enable them to make an informed assessment 
of (i) the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) the 
rights attaching to the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Micro and Commodity Securities are contained in the Conditions under the 
heading “The Conditions” in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities) and are completed by the 
Final Terms specific to a particular issue of Micro and Commodity Securities which will be published and 
delivered to the Central Bank and the FCA before such Micro and Commodity Securities are issued. 
Worked examples of how an investor can determine the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding of 
Micro and Commodity Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating to an 
investment in Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Micro and Commodity Securities to which they relate, 
including the type and number of Micro and Commodity Securities to be issued and the issue price 
applicable to the Micro and Commodity Securities to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set out 
in the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors and 
prospective investors. Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any 
information that has been incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and any Final Terms issued 
are available at https://www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Programme for the Issue of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
 
Important Information 
A. APPROVALS 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Micro Securities of each type, 
and any further micro securities, individual securities or index securities that may be created and made 
available for issue as referred to in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information), for the purposes of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been made available to the public 
in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document has also been filed with the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
at the date hereof and has been made available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of 
that Regulation. Micro and Commodity Securities will be available to be issued on a continuous basis 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. A prospective investor should be aware 
that compensation will not be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, 
in accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Micro and Commodity 
Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising 
from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Micro and Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission 
is protected by the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions 
thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
Micro and Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “Securities Act”), or under the securities laws of any states of the 
United States. Micro and Commodity Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, 
delivered or transferred in or into the United States or to any US person (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) (a “US Person”). The Issuer has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an 
investment company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
“Investment Company Act”). Accordingly, Micro and Commodity Securities may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit, 
of any US Person. Micro and Commodity Securities offered and sold outside the United States may be 
offered to persons who are not US Persons in reliance upon Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each 
of the Authorised Participants has, pursuant to its Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer, 
undertaken not to offer or sell the Micro and Commodity Securities within the United States or to any US 
Person, nor will it engage in any “directed selling efforts” (as such term is defined by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) with respect to the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Prohibited US Persons and Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors who notwithstanding the foregoing acquire 
Micro and Commodity Securities should note the provisions in the Conditions under the heading 
“Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 9) in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and 
Commodity Securities).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
B. LISTING AND TRADING 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Micro and Commodity Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
prospectus to be admitted to its Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. The 
admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading 
facility for the Micro and Commodity Securities there. The Central Bank approval of the programme relates 
only to the Micro and Commodity Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Micro and Commodity Securities issued within 12 
months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock 
Exchange for all such Micro and Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange. Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but 
are such offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the admission 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange 
and do not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such securities may be listed.Certain 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities have also been admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam, on the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse), on NYSE Euronext Paris SA and on the ETFplus market of 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
C. RESPONSIBILITY AND NO INVESTMENT ADVICE 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and 
this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be 
construed as advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Micro and Commodity 
Securities or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the purposes of the Jersey Financial 
Services Law 1988. 
None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, Bank of America Corporation (“BAC”), CGML or Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMH”) has separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made, and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH as to 
the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with Micro and Commodity Securities or their distribution. Each person applying for 
Commodity Securities in accordance with this Prospectus acknowledges that (i) such person has not relied 
on Bloomberg, UBS Securities, MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH, nor on any person affiliated with any of them 
in connection with its investment decision or its investigation of the accuracy of the information contained 
herein; (ii) Micro and Commodity Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and 
not obligations of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group, MLI or any other 
member of the BAC Group, or CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group; and (iii) the obligations 
of the Issuer to Security Holders under the Micro and Commodity Securities are not guaranteed by 
Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any other member of the UBS Group or, MLI or any other member of the BAC 
Group or CGML or any other member of the Citigroup Group. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Authorised Participants and the Security Holders are, by virtue of any of the activities of Bloomberg, any 
member of the UBS Group or any member of the BAC Group or CGML or any other member of the 
Citigroup Group in connection with Commodity Contracts, clients or customers of Bloomberg, any member 
of the UBS Group or any member of the BAC Group or any member of the Citigroup Group for the purpose 
of the FCA Handbook.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
The Authorised Participants have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. None of the Authorised Participants makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Prospectus or to the suitability of Micro and Commodity Securities for any investor. None 
of the Authorised Participants undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Micro and Commodity Securities 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Authorised Participants. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase Micro and Commodity Securities or any other securities issued by the Issuer and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, Bloomberg, UBS Securities, 
MLI, BAC, CGML or CGMH or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase Micro and Commodity Securities. Each person contemplating making an 
investment in Micro and Commodity Securities must make its own investigation and analysis 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and its own determination of the suitability of any such investment, 
with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience and any other factors which may 
be relevant to it in connection with such investment, and it is advisable that such persons obtain their own 
independent accounting, tax and legal advice and consult their own professional investment advisers to 
ascertain the suitability of Micro and Commodity Securities as an investment, and conduct such 
independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements and cash-flows 
associated with Micro and Commodity Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits 
and risks of an investment in Micro and Commodity Securities. A prospective investor who is in any doubt 
whatsoever as to the risks involved in investing in Micro and Commodity Securities should consult its 
independent professional advisers. 
D. INVESTORS TO MAKE THEIR OWN ASSESSMENT 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Micro and Commodity Securities. Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent 
accounting, tax and legal advice and may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to 
ascertain the suitability of Micro and Commodity Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders 
may wish to conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security 
arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows associated with Micro and Commodity Securities as 
they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Micro and Commodity 
Securities. 
E. SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA, the Issuer will either prepare and make available 
an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall constitute a supplementary 
prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA or prepare 
and make available a further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and/or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of 
each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in 
the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Section of Prospectus 
Page What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
11 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in Micro and 
Commodity Securities and should be carefully 
considered by a prospective investor. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
27 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions about the Micro and Commodity Securities.
Types 
of 
Micro 
and 
Commodity 
Securities 
32 
This section sets out a list of types of Micro and 
Commodity Securities that the Issuer is making 
available for issue. 
Licences Granted to the Issuer 
35 
This section provides information on the licences 
granted to the Issuer by UBS Securities LLC and 
Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
36 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
57 
This section sets out the names and business 
addresses of directors of the Issuer and of the entities 
which provide services and legal advice to the Issuer.
Documents Incorporated by Reference 61 
This section details the documents incorporated into 
this Prospectus by reference and details where 
copies of these documents can be found. These 
documents are part of this Prospectus and should be 
carefully considered by a potential investor. 
Part 1 
General 
63 
This section provides a description of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities and the role of the different 
parties in the structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their 
investment? 
74 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Family 
80 
This section provides an overview of the indices 
tracked by the Micro and Commodity Securities and 
information relating to the simulated historical returns 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities to help 
investors evaluate the past performance of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Part 4 
Description of Commodity 
Securities 
99 
This section provides a description of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities as well as details of the rights 
attached to the Micro and Commodity Securities, how 
the price of each Micro and Commodity Security is 
calculated and details of how Micro and Commodity 
Securities can be redeemed. 
Part 5 
Description 
of 
Facility 
Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts 
112 
This section provides a description of the Facility 
Agreements and the Commodity Contracts by which 
the Micro and Commodity Securities are backed. 
Part 6 
The Programme 
123 
This section provides information on where this 
Prospectus has been passported to allow the public 
offer of the Micro and Commodity Securities to take 
place and provides information on the settlement and 
delivery process on each of the exchanges where 
Micro and Commodity Securities are admitted to 
trading. 
Part 7 
Trust 
Instrument 
and 
Commodity Securities 
131 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in respect of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities – the Trust Instrument – and sets out the 
details of the approval of the issue of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities. It includes an extract from the 
Trust Instrument under the heading “The Conditions” 
which sets out the terms and conditions which apply to 
the Micro and Commodity Securities. This extract is 
drafted in legal language as it is taken directly from the 
Trust Instrument but information on how the terms 
and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained 
throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 4. 
Part 8 
Particulars of Security Deeds 182 
The Security Deeds create security over, and give 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying assets relating to each type of security. 
This section contains details of the terms of the rights 
granted by the Security Deeds and when these rights 
become enforceable. 
Part 9 
Commodities, 
Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges 
184 
This 
section 
provides 
an 
overview 
of 
the 
commodities, commodity and futures markets, and 
exchanges to help an investor decide whether an 
investment in a product which provides exposure to 
changes in commodity futures indices is appropriate 
for them. 
Part 10 
Global Bearer Certificates 
192 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates, which is set out in Annex 1 and which is 
only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Part 11 
Particulars of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties 
197 
This section contains details relating to Merrill Lynch 
International (“MLI”), and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited (“CGML”), with each of whom the Issuer has 
entered into an agreement to purchase Commodity 
Contracts and who has entered into a facility 
agreement with the Issuer as well as details relating to 
Bank of America Corporation, which guarantees 
MLI’s payments under the MLI Facility Agreement 
and Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., which 
guarantees CGML’s payments under the CGML 
Facility Agreement. 
Part 12 
Taxation 
199 
This section sets out the tax treatment of holding 
Micro and Commodity Securities in the UK, Ireland 
and Jersey. 
Part 13 
Additional Information 
206 
This section sets out further information on the Issuer 
which the Issuer believes a potential investor will want 
to be aware of or which the Issuer is required to 
include under applicable rules. This section also 
includes details of the material contracts relating to the 
Micro and Commodity Securities, other than the Trust 
Instrument, which is covered in Part 7, the Security 
Deeds, which are covered in Part 8, and the Facility 
Agreements, 
Commodity 
Contracts, 
Security 
Agreements, Control Agreements and Guarantees, 
which are covered in Part 5. 
Annex 1 Form of the Global Bearer 
Certificates 
231 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates, which is only relevant to investors 
wishing to purchase Commodity Securities on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The English translation of 
this text is included in Part 10 of this Prospectus. 
Annex 2 Text of the Conditions of the 
Global Bearer Certificates 
232 
This section sets out the German text of the 
conditions of the German Global Bearer Certificates, 
which is only relevant to investors wishing to 
purchase Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange. The English translation of this text is 
contained in Part 10 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Annex 3 Form of Final Terms 
237 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued Micro or 
Commodity Securities to an investment services firm 
which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Commodity 
Securities. This details the type and number of Micro 
or 
Commodity 
Securities 
and 
other 
relevant 
information applicable to the issue and when 
completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary included in 
this document and adjusted to be relevant only to the 
Micro or Commodity Securities issued under the Final 
Terms. Each time that Micro or Commodity Securities 
are issued by the Issuer, a Final Terms document is 
prepared by the Issuer and submitted to the Central 
Bank and notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction into which the product is 
passported. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. 
Annex 4 Form of Final Terms – Public 
Offers 
240 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish if it issues any Micro or 
Commodity Securities pursuant to a public offer. This 
details the type and number of Micro or Commodity 
Securities and other relevant information applicable 
to the issue and when completed will also include an 
issue specific summary which is taken from the 
summary included in this document and adjusted to 
be relevant only to the Micro or 
Commodity 
Securities issued under the Final Terms. Each time 
that Micro or Commodity Securities are issued by the 
Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared by the 
Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank and notified 
to the competent authority in each European 
jurisdiction into which the product is passported. The 
Final Terms document is also submitted to the FCA. 
Completed Final Terms documents are available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
1RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Micro and Classic Commodity Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Micro and Commodity 
Securities set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Micro and Commodity 
Securities. All of these risk factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Micro and 
Commodity Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Micro and 
Commodity Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based 
on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Commodity Security Risk Factors 
Commodity Prices 
The value of Micro and Commodity Securities will be affected by movements in commodity prices generally 
and by the way in which those prices and other factors affect the prices of the Designated Contracts as 
explained in “Commodity Risk Factors – Roll-Yield” below (and hence of the Individual Commodity Indices). 
Commodity prices generally may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors, including: 
• 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are 
major commodity producers; 
• 
investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large trading houses, producers, users, 
hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other speculators which could impact global supply 
or demand; 
• 
the weather, which can affect short-term demand or supply for some commodities; 
• 
the future rates of economic activity and inflation, particularly in countries which are major consumers 
of commodities; 
• 
major discoveries of sources of commodities; and 
• 
disruptions to the infrastructure or means by which commodities are produced, distributed and 
stored, which are capable of causing substantial price movements in a short period of time. 
Prices of the Designated Month Contracts may fluctuate widely and may even become negative. Prices may 
be affected by: 
• 
commodity prices generally; 
• 
trading activities on the Relevant Exchange, which might be impacted by the liquidity in the futures 
contracts; and 
• 
trading activity specific to particular futures contract(s) and maturities. 
Such price movements could result in a Security Holder redeeming their Micro and Commodity Securities 
at a Price that is less than the Price at which such Micro and Commodity Securities were issued. 
Day to day positive or negative movements in local and international financial markets and factors that affect 
the investment climate and investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading in commodities and, 
therefore, the market price of Micro and Commodity Securities. Such movements may have different effects 
on each of the Micro or Commodity Securities and could lead to a fall in the market price of Micro and 
Commodity Securities which would result in an investor in those securities incurring losses. Investors should 
note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and investor sentiment 
may have different effects on each of the Classic Micro and Commodity Securities and the Longer Dated

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Micro and Commodity Securities. Investors should be aware that any and all Micro and Commodity 
Securities can go down in price as well as up but an investor cannot lose more than their initial investment. 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that the WHO 
had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease COVID-19 and its subsequent mutuation 
(“COVID-19”) as a pandemic. National governments and supranational organisations in multiple states have 
taken steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home 
working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of 
people. While it is difficult to predict how these steps, and public sentiment, will affect the prices of 
commodities and hence the Prices of the Micro and Commodity Securities, the prices and volatility of 
commodity prices may be affected and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature.  
Since 11 March 2020, COVID 19 has had a substantial impact on the price of the underlying commodities 
and consequently the corresponding Commodity Securities. The most notable example is WTI Crude Oil; 
the WTI active contract was trading around $55 per barrel, with a peak of $58.68 on 6 January 2020, to a 
low of $25.86 on 21 April 2020. In addition, the WTI contract for delivery in May 2020 moved to negative 
territory for the first time in history on 20 May 2020. Precious metals have behaved differently in the same 
period. Spot Gold, Silver and Palladium rising 6.6%, 30.1% and 11.4% respectively since the beginning of 
the year. Platinum on the other hand, which is mainly used in the automotive industry saw a substantial 
price drop due to the drop in demand (Source: Bloomberg, 30 November 2020).  Such effects may also 
affect the ability of the Commodity Contract Counterparties to create new Commodity Contracts or their 
ability to hedge them effectively.  
While it is too early to predict how COVID-19, the global response and public sentiment will affect commodity 
prices and hence the Prices of each class of Classic Micro and Commodity Securities such effects may be 
significant and may be long-term in nature.Halting Applications 
In certain circumstances for example, in the event of volatility in the relevant commodity markets the Issuer 
and/or Authorised Participants and/or Commodity Contract Counterparties may seek to take action to limit 
or restrict the ability of Authorised Participants to apply for new Commodity Securities or to Redeem Micro 
or Commodity Securities. For example, the Issuer will decline Applications if it cannot for any reason create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement and there may be situations where the 
Authorised Participants may not be able to quote an offer price for new Commodity Securities. 
The market price of Commodity Securities is a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing 
to buy and sell Commodity Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers are willing to quote. 
Any actions to limit or restrict the ability of the Authorised Participants to apply for new Commodity Securities 
directly impacts the supply of those affected Commodity Securities and therefore may impact the market 
price. The Issuer will inform the Holders of the relevant Commodity Securities of any such actions by RIS 
announcement. 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Commodity Securities or Redeem Micro  
Securities 
Generally only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Commodity 
Securities or redeeming Micro Securities, save in relation to redemptions where at any time there are no 
Authorised Participants or in other circumstances announced by the Issuer. The Issuer has agreed to use 
reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there are at least two Authorised Participants. There can, 
however, be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer in 
applying for or redeeming Commodity Securities or redeeming Micro Securities. 
Under the Facility Agreements each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate or delayed effect) that an Authorised Person has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain 
circumstances, including if the Commodity Contract Counterparty deems such person to be unacceptable 
to it as an Authorised Person for credit, compliance, general business policy or reputational reasons. As a 
result of any exercises of such right there could at any time be no Authorised Participants, with the result 
that no Commodity Securities could be created. In such event it may also be difficult or impossible to sell

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Micro or Commodity Securities on the London Stock Exchange at a price close to the Price therefor or within 
a reasonable time period, although Security Holders will be entitled to redeem their Micro or Commodity 
Securities. 
If there are no Authorised Participants actively applying for and redeeming Micro and Commodity Securities, 
stock exchange liquidity in the Micro and Commodity Securities and the market price available to selling 
Security Holders are likely adversely to be affected. 
Currency 
The Price of Micro and Commodity Securities will be set in US Dollars. To the extent that a Security Holder 
values Micro and Commodity Securities in another currency, that value will be affected by changes in the 
exchange rate between the US Dollar and that other currency. 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Micro Classic Securities, Classic Commodity Securities, Micro Longer Dated 
Securities and Longer Dated Commodity Securities trade on the London Stock Exchange (or any other 
exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the Price of the 
relevant Micro and Commodity Securities. The application and redemption procedures for Commodity 
Securities and the role of certain Authorised Participants as securities dealers offering buying and selling 
prices on stock exchanges (market-makers) are intended to minimise this potential difference or “tracking 
error”. However, the market price of Micro and Commodity Securities will be a function of supply and 
demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Micro and Commodity Securities and the difference 
(spread) between the buying (bid) prices and the selling (offer) prices that market-makers are willing to 
quote for Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer’s ability to issue new Micro and Commodity Securities is subject to its ability to hedge its exposure 
under new Micro and Commodity Securities with corresponding Commodity Contracts. Although MLI and 
CGML have each agreed to supply Commodity Contracts with a value (including Commodity Contracts in 
relation to the separate programme for Micro and Commodity Securities of the Issuer) of up to US$7.0 billion 
(US$7,000,000,000), if demand for Commodity Securities exceeds this amount and the Issuer is not able to 
create more Commodity Contracts, or if the demand for issue of Commodity Securities exceeds the daily 
restrictions, then Commodity Securities may trade at a premium to their underlying value (the Price). 
Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand for Commodity Securities abates or the 
Issuer is able to source more Commodity Contracts. Commodity Securities could trade at a discount to the 
Price if the Issuer has received redemption requests in excess of the Redemption Limit (which is a daily 
limit). 
It is not anticipated that any active secondary market will develop in any of the Micro Securities. 
Early Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that the 
Facility Agreement is terminated or two days’ notice in the event of a fall in Price relative to the Principal 
Amount) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Individual Securities or Micro Securities 
of a particular class or all Index Securities of a particular category. The Trustee may, at any time, in certain 
circumstances including where an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer (including but not limited to the 
insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to 
it or substantially the whole of its assets) or certain types of default or breach event relating to a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty has occurred and is continuing, upon 20 business days’ (or two business days’ in the 
event of an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer) notice to the Issuer, nominate a business day to be a 
date for the compulsory redemption of all affected Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Bloomberg may cease to publish an Individual Commodity Index. If so, all Micro Securities and Individual 
Securities of the class relating to that Individual Commodity Index will be redeemed. 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Micro Security of a particular class 
under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that class and the Price of such Micro

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Security on the applicable Pricing Day. As each type of Micro and Commodity Security is a limited recourse 
security as described in Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each type to ensure 
that the Price for each relevant class of Micro Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer 
will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Micro Security falling below its Principal Amount by the following 
measures: the Issuer may (i) where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary 
Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Micro Security (and of Commodity Securities to the 
extent they comprise Micro Securities of that class) to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing 
Day the Price of any class of Micro Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Micro Security 
or below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such amount and during the 
period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the 
Micro Securities of that class (and all types of Commodity Securities which are comprised, in whole or in 
part, of Micro Securities of that class). The right pursuant to (ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed to reduce the Principal Amount such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal 
Amount, subject to any further fall in the Price of any class of Micro Securities to 2.5 times the Principal 
Amount or below. 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some or 
all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging 
positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility 
Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has, and will 
exercise, the right to redeem some or all of the Micro Securities and Individual Securities of that class. In 
some cases this may require the Issuer to redeem Index Securities if Micro Securities of that class are 
comprised therein. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 trading days’ written notice, redeem 
any Micro and Commodity Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors, 
held by Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance 
with the Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
MLI and CGML have each only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 24 
October 2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement on 
three months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide 
Commodity Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses to 
terminate its Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless they are 
replaced by Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer will elect to 
redeem some or all of the outstanding Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Consequently, an investment in Micro and Commodity Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by 
a Security Holder and at short notice. In these circumstances, the Security Holder may suffer a loss if the 
cash value of the Micro and Commodity Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the 
investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Security Holder rather than on the date of the early 
redemption. Early redemption could also lead to a Security Holder incurring a tax charge that it would 
otherwise not be subject to and/or if the redemption takes place at a time when the cash value of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Security Holder, the 
Security Holder could suffer a loss. 
Additional Risk Factor relating to the New Micro Securities and the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
Individual Securities 
Early Termination following large same-day movements causing the price of the Commodity Contracts to 
fall to zero 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the same class 
as the New Micro Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time during any Trading Day and that such 
Commodity Contracts have been terminated, then a number of the New Micro Securities equivalent to the 
terminated Commodity Contracts and a number of WisdomTree Crude Oil Individual Securities of which 
such New Micro Securities are comprised will automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that 
day on the basis that the Price of such New Micro Securities and WisdomTree Crude Oil Individual Securities

--- Page 15 ---
15 
shall be zero. Security Holders in that situation will not receive any proceeds of such Redemption even if 
the Price of the New Micro Securities or WisdomTree Crude Oil Individual Securities subsequently 
increases. 
Commodity Risk Factors 
Roll-Yield 
Each Individual Commodity Index is priced off a Designated Contract (a futures contract of specific maturity) 
(or, in the case of the Multi-Tenor Index, three Designated Contracts) which, as it nears expiry, needs to be 
replaced with a later dated contract in a process known as “rolling”. As the exchange-traded futures 
contracts that comprise the Individual Commodity Index approach expiration, they are sold prior to their 
expiry date and similar contracts that have a later expiry date are purchased. Thus, for example, a futures 
contract purchased and held in August may specify an October expiration.  
As time passes, the contract expiring in October may be replaced by a contract for delivery in November. 
Any difference between the price for the nearer delivery month contract and the price for the distant month 
contract is known as a ‘roll yield’ and this can be either a positive amount or a negative amount. If the market 
for these contracts is (putting aside other considerations) in “backwardation”, which means that the prices 
are lower in the distant delivery months than in the nearer delivery months, the sale of the October contract 
would take place at a price that is higher than the price of the November contract, thereby creating a “roll 
yield” which would tend to be positive for the relevant Individual Commodity Index and the relevant Micro 
and Commodity Securities. While some of the contracts included in the Commodity Indices have historically 
exhibited consistent periods of backwardation, backwardation may not exist at all times. 
Moreover, certain of the commodities reflected in the Commodity Indices, such as gold, have historically 
traded in “contango” markets. Contango markets are those in which the prices of contracts are higher in the 
distant delivery months than in the nearer delivery months. In such a market, the sale of the October contract 
would take place at a price that is lower than the price of the November contract, thereby creating a negative 
“roll yield” which would tend to be negative for the relevant Individual Commodity Index and the relevant 
Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The existence of contango in a particular commodity market could result in negative “roll yields”, which could 
adversely affect the value of the Commodity Indices and the Individual Commodity Indices and, accordingly, 
decrease the value of the Micro and Commodity Securities. In addition, because the Lead Futures and Next 
Futures in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are different to those used in the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index 3 Month ForwardSM, this may result in backwardation and/or contango affecting the two indices 
differently if the relevant parts of the futures curve show differing amounts of backwardation or contango. 
However, the existence of contango (or backwardation) in a particular commodity market does not 
automatically result in negative (or positive) “roll yields”. The actual realisation of a potential roll yield will be 
dependent upon the shape of the futures curve. The term ‘futures curve’ refers to the relationship between 
the price of futures contracts over different futures contract maturity dates when plotted in a graph. If the 
relevant part of the commodity futures curve is in backwardation — a downward sloping futures curve — 
then, all other factors being equal, the relevant index will tend to rise over time as lower futures prices 
converge to higher spot prices. The opposite effect would occur for contango. 
Longer Dated Securities 
The Longer Dated Securities are designed to track the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM 
or one of its sub-indices and not the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM or one of its sub-indices. The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM is determined as of a certain date by reference to futures 
contracts for the same commodities as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but for the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, the contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM in three calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in 
the current calendar month for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM. This may result in 
different sensitivities to changes in the commodity price and/or any backwardation or contango affecting the 
two indices. The difference in the expiry dates of the futures contracts which comprise the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM may result in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM

--- Page 16 ---
16 
having significantly better or worse performance and greater or lesser volatility than that for the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM. Consequently, any return a Security Holder receives from an investment in the Longer 
Dated Securities may be lesser or greater than that they would have received if the securities were linked 
to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. 
Change of Longer Dated Index 
The Facility Agreements allow for a change in the Commodity Index used to price all of the Longer Dated 
Securities. The Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer may agree to use a different forward 
commodity index calculated and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any of its Affiliates) in accordance 
with the Handbook provided that Security Holders are given a minimum of 30 days’ notice of the intended 
change. There can be no assurance that any replacement commodity index will provide the same 
investment return as the Commodity Index it replaces and this may adversely affect the return to Security 
Holders. 
WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities and WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities 
The WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities and the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities are designed 
to track Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor Excess Return Index (the Multi-Tenor Index), the 
methodology for which differs from that of the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM and its sub-indices. 
These differences may result in the Multi-Tenor Index having significantly better or worse performance and 
greater or lesser volatility than that for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM. Consequently, any 
return a Security Holder receives from an investment in the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities or the 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities may be lesser or greater than that they would have 
received if the securities were linked to the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM. 
Change of Individual Commodity Index for the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities and WisdomTree WTI 
Crude Oil Individual Securities 
The Facility Agreements allow for a change in the Individual Commodity Index used to price the WTI Crude 
Oil A Micro Securities (and therefore the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities). The Commodity 
Contract Counterparties and the Issuer may agree to use a different commodity index provided that Security 
Holders are given a minimum of ten calendar days’ notice of the intended change. Consequently, any return 
a Security Holder receives from an investment in the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities or the WisdomTree 
WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities may be lesser or greater than that they would have received if the 
securities continued to be linked to the previous commodity index. 
Change to Designated Contracts and/or Roll Period 
The choice of Designated Contracts, Designated Month Contracts and the Roll Period used to price each 
Individual Commodity Index is determined by Bloomberg in conjunction with UBS Securities and may be 
changed from time to time. The termination or replacement of any Designated Contract or Designated Month 
Contract and/or the change to a Roll Period may have an adverse impact on the value of an Individual 
Commodity Index. 
Risk Factors relating to the Multi-Tenor Index 
Though the Multi-Tenor Index is designed to be representative of the markets it measures or otherwise align 
with its stated objective, it may not be representative in every case or achieve its stated objective in all 
instances. It is designed and calculated strictly to follow the rules of its Methodology, and any Multi Tenor 
Index level or other output is limited in its usefulness to such design and calculation. 
Historical index levels published prior to the Multi-Tenor Index launch date are considered hypothetical. 
Historical Multi-Tenor Index levels should not be considered as an indication of future performance. 
The Multi-Tenor Index is comprised of liquid commodity futures contracts. If any commodity futures contract 
is terminated or replaced in accordance with the rules of the Multi-Tenor Index methodology, a comparable

--- Page 17 ---
17 
commodity futures contract may be selected by Bloomberg. The replacement of a commodity futures 
contract may cause the level of the Multi-Tenor Index to change or be adjusted. 
In the event the Multi-Tenor Index level falls to or below zero due to an at any point intraday and/or end- of-
day negative futures settlement price(s), the Multi-Tenor Index level will be closed at zero and terminated 
same day. Security Holders of Commodity Securities which tracks a Multi-Tenor Index will therefore not be 
able to participate in any rises in value of the underlying assets after the Multi-Tenor Index Level falls to or 
below zero. Consequentially the return a Security Holder receives from an investment in a Commodity 
Security which track a Multi-Tenor Index may be less than the Security Holder otherwise expected. 
Bloomberg may discontinue or suspend calculation or publication of the Multi-Tenor Index. 
Counterparty and Service Provider Risks 
Counterparty Credit Risk and Default 
The value of Commodity Securities and the ability of the Issuer to pay the Redemption Amount is dependent 
on the receipt of such amount from a Commodity Contract Counterparty, and may be affected by a 
deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit-worthiness and/or a downgrade in the credit rating of 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties (or any of them). Such deterioration/downgrade in the credit-
worthiness or credit rating of the Commodity Contract Counterparties (or any of them) could cause Commodity 
Securities to trade at a discount to the Price and could result in a loss to Security Holders. 
The Commodity Contracts issued by MLI are not guaranteed by any entity within the BAC Group other than 
BAC, or by any other person and the Commodity Contracts issued by CGML are not guaranteed by any 
entity within the Citigroup Group other than CGMH, or by any other person. To the extent that any Commodity 
Contract Counterparty or Guarantor were to be unable to fulfil its respective payment obligations under the 
relevant Commodity Contracts and Facility Agreement or Guarantee (as the case may be), the Issuer would be 
unable to meet its obligations to Security Holders, who would suffer a loss as a result. 
The Issuer will not operate any policies to diversify or spread its risk (risk-spreading policies) and has Facility 
Agreements only with MLI and CGML. The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other Facility 
Agreements with other Commodity Contract Counterparties, but it will not be the Issuer’s intention to enter into 
other Facility Agreements for the purposes of spreading counterparty risk. 
If at any given time there are two or more Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them, the “Lower 
Credit”, has its credit rating downgraded or has defaulted on its obligations to redeem Commodity Contracts, 
then, under the Pool splitting mechanism discussed under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Micro 
and Commodity Securities” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities), the Issuer can separate out the 
Lower Credit by issuing to the relevant Security Holders new Micro and Commodity Securities supported only 
by the Commodity Contracts of the Lower Credit. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to 
redeem such new Micro and Commodity Securities at their Price or even at all, and such new Micro and 
Commodity Securities may not be admitted to trading on any exchange. Accordingly, a Security Holder could 
end up holding new Micro and Commodity Securities that they are unable to sell and which may have limited 
or no value. If the Issuer is considering exercising its power to implement a Pool split it will not be required 
to have regard to any proposed but not yet implemented Pool split when allocating Commodity Contracts to 
one or more of the Commodity Contract Counterparties. Accordingly, shortly after receiving its Micro and 
Commodity Securities a Security Holder could be treated as owning Micro and Commodity Securities 
attributable to the Lower Credit which may affect the ability of such Security Holder to redeem those Micro 
and Commodity Securities. In circumstances where the Issuer is considering exercising its power to 
implement a Pool split in respect of a particular Pool it may, upon notice to Security Holders, suspend the 
right to Redeem the Micro and Commodity Securities of the type or types attributable to such Pool. 
Accordingly, a Security Holder may be unable to sell those Micro and Commodity Securities and such 
securities may have limited or no value during the period of such suspension. 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as referred to above and in accordance with 
Condition 20.3, the Conditions provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in which 
case certain other timings may apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as having been 
given in respect of the Pool to which following the division are attributable Commodity Contracts with the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to which the corresponding Commodity Contract Termination had been 
allocated. This may have the effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a valid Redemption Form prior 
to a division becoming effective will be treated following the division as owning only Micro and Commodity 
Securities attributable to a single Pool rather than both Pools as described under the heading “Consolidation 
and Division of Micro and Commodity Securities” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities), and this 
could be the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Lower Credit are transferred. 
Calculation Agent Conflicts of Interest 
In addition to being the obligor under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI is also the Calculation Agent under 
both the MLI Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Micro and Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument). In acting as Calculation Agent, 
MLI is obliged to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, but otherwise its calculations 
are binding in the absence of manifest error. The role of MLI as Calculation Agent may give rise to conflicts 
of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders. 
Index Calculations by UBS Securities and by Bloomberg 
The Issuer is not affiliated with Bloomberg or UBS Securities in any way (except for the agreements and 
licensing arrangements described in this Prospectus) and has no ability to control or predict their actions, 
including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to the 
calculation of the Commodity Indices or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices). The 
policies of UBS Securities and Bloomberg concerning the calculation of the level of the Commodity Indices 
or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices), additions, deletions or substitutions of 
Commodity Indices components and the manner in which changes affecting the Commodity Indices 
components are reflected in the Commodity Indices could adversely affect the value of the Commodity 
Indices or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices) and, therefore, the market value of 
the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Additional commodity futures contracts may satisfy the eligibility criteria for inclusion on the Commodity 
Indices, and commodity futures contracts currently included in the Commodity Indices may fail to satisfy 
such criteria. The weighting factors applied to each included futures contract may change annually, based 
on changes in commodity production and volume statistics. In addition, UBS Securities and/or Bloomberg 
may modify the methodology for determining the composition and weighting of the Commodity Indices, for 
calculating their respective values in order to assure that the Commodity Indices represent an adequate 
measure of market performance or for other reasons, or for calculating the values of the Commodity Indices 
or related indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices). Any such changes could adversely affect 
the market value of the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI has agreed that in the event 
Bloomberg ceases to calculate and publish any Individual Commodity Index, it as Calculation Agent will use 
its reasonable endeavours to calculate settlement values of such Individual Commodity Indices for each 
Pricing Day using the same methodology and processes for each individual commodity as are used from 
time to time for the calculation of the Commodity Indices, but there is no assurance that those indices will 
continue to be published. If the Individual Commodity Indices or any of them cease to be published, the 
Issuer will endeavour to ensure that replacement indices are published, but there is no assurance that this 
will be achieved. In that event some or all of the Micro and Commodity Securities may be redeemed. 
Under the MLI Calculation Agency Agreement, MLI, if it considers that, as a result of the application of EU 
Benchmarks Regulation any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation Agent of a substitute 
index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency Agreement in respect of any class of 
Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, may give a notice to that effect (which notification may 
be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer should it subsequently determine that such 
calculation, determination or provision is not unduly burdensome). See “EU Benchmarks Regulation” below. 
In certain circumstances under the Facility Agreements and the Calculation Agency Agreement, including 
where a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Individual Commodity Index occurs on five or more 
consecutive Trading Days (irrespective of whether an Individual Commodity Index is published for those 
Trading Days), the Calculation Agent is required to calculate a substitute value for each Trading Day 
thereafter while that circumstance persists. While the Calculation Agent is required to act in good faith and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
in a commercially reasonable manner (i) it owes no duty to any Security Holder or the Trustee in respect of 
any determination made by it and (ii) any such substitute value may differ from the Individual Commodity 
Index. 
From time to time commodities presently represented in the Commodity Indices may cease to be included 
therein. In that event, an Individual Commodity Index in respect of that commodity may cease to be 
published. If this occurs, all Micro Securities and Individual Securities of that class will be redeemed, and all 
Index Securities which comprise Micro Securities of that class will be Rebalanced and as a result those 
Index Securities will include no exposure to the value of that commodity. 
Activities of Bloomberg, Commodity Contract Counterparties and Authorised Participants 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties and their affiliates are active traders in commodities markets, 
including in the physical markets for commodities, in the futures markets (on each of the Exchanges and on 
other commodity exchanges) and the over-the-counter markets, including trading of commodity swaps, 
options and other derivatives. These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests of holders 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities and the interests that the Commodity Contract Counterparties and 
their affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating transactions, including options and other 
derivatives transactions, for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading 
activities, if they influence the value of the Commodity Indices or any Individual Commodity Index, could be 
adverse to the interests of the holders of the Micro and Commodity Securities. Moreover, the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties or their affiliates have published and in the future expect to publish research reports 
with respect to some or all of the Commodity Indices or components and physical commodities generally. 
This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide 
recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Micro or Commodity Securities. The 
research should not be viewed as a recommendation or endorsement of the Micro or Commodity Securities 
in any way and investors must make their own independent investigation of the merits of this investment. 
Any of these activities by the Commodity Contract Counterparties or their affiliates may affect the market 
price of the Commodity Indices or components and the value of the Commodity Indices and, therefore, the 
market value of the Micro and Commodity Securities. In addition, the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
and their affiliates may underwrite or issue other securities or financial instruments indexed to the 
Commodity Indices and related indices and/or UBS Securities and Bloomberg may license the Commodity 
Indices or related indices for publication or for use by unaffiliated third parties. Further, the Authorised 
Participants or their Affiliates also trade in various sectors of the commodities markets. 
These activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of Security Holders 
and could have a negative impact on the Price of Micro and Commodity Securities and could result in a loss 
to Security Holders. For example, a market maker in a financial instrument linked to the performance of the 
Commodity Indices or related indices may expect to hedge some or all of its position in that financial 
instrument. Purchase (or selling) activity in the underlying Commodity Indices components in order to hedge 
the market maker’s position in the financial instrument may affect the market price of the futures contracts 
upon which the Individual Commodity Indices are based, which in turn would affect the value of those indices 
and thus the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
With respect to any of the activities described above, none of UBS Securities, Bloomberg, the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties, BAC, CGMH, the Authorised Participants or their respective Affiliates has any 
obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of Micro and Commodity Securities 
into consideration at any time. 
An Individual Commodity Index may close at a negative value or at zero 
Bloomberg announced on 7 May 2020 that, with effect from 18 May 2020, any Individual Commodity Index 
(other than the Multi-Tenor Index) may close negative for one day and will thereafter be terminated the next 
trading day at the negative value. 
In the event of an Individual Commodity Index being terminated at a negative value, it is unclear whether 
Commodity Contracts priced by reference to that Individual Commodity Index will have any continuing value 
or how the Price of a Micro Security priced by reference to that Individual Commodity Index (and hence the 
Price of Commodity Securities comprised, in whole or in part, of such Micro Securities) will be calculated.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
In such circumstances the Issuer may exercise its rights under the Conditions to Redeem compulsorily such 
Micro Securities and all or any of the Commodity Securities comprised of such Micro Securities and, having 
regard to Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), it is unlikely that there would be any monies available to meet 
the Issuer's obligations to Security Holders in respect of such Micro Securities (and Commodity Securities 
to the extent comprised of such Micro Securities). Security Holders in respect of such Micro Securities (and 
of any Commodity Securities comprised, in whole or in part, of such Micro Securities) would be likely in such 
circumstances to lose the whole of their investment in respect of such Micro Securities. 
The Multi-Tenor Index cannot be negative but in the event it falls at or below zero at any point intra-day 
and/or end of day the index level will be closed at zero and terminated same day. In such circumstances 
the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities (and therefore the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities) 
would have no value and the Issuer may exercise its rights under the Conditions to Redeem compulsorily 
such Micro Securities Individual Securities and, having regard to Condition 3.2 (Limited Recourse), it is 
unlikely that there would be any monies available to meet the Issuer's obligations to Security Holders in 
respect of such Micro Securities and Individual Securities. Security Holders in respect of such Micro 
Securities (and of any Commodity Securities comprised, in whole or in part, of such Micro Securities) would 
be likely in such circumstances to lose the whole of their investment in respect of such Micro Securities. 
Operational Risk 
Exchange Limits 
U.S. futures exchanges and some other exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in 
some futures contract prices that may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally referred 
to as “daily price fluctuation limits” and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given day as a 
result of these limits is referred to as a “limit price”. Once the limit price has been reached in a particular 
contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond the limit, or trading may be limited for a set time period. 
Limit prices have the effect of precluding trading in a particular contract or forcing the liquidation of contracts 
at potentially disadvantageous times or prices. These circumstances could adversely affect the value of any 
and all Individual Commodity Indices and, therefore, the market value of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities and could disrupt applications for and redemptions of Micro and Commodity Securities and the 
pricing thereof. 
Similarly, there may be an adverse effect on the ability to apply for Micro and Commodity Securities if 
regulations impose limits on the amount of positions in futures contracts (or if an exemption from such limits 
is reduced or revoked). Once a position limit has been reached, no trades may be made or trading may be 
limited. Position limits have the effect of precluding the trading of futures and may therefore affect a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty’s ability to create Commodity Contracts (due to an inability to hedge its 
position). 
MLI and CGML are each parties to a facility agreement with the Issuer relating to Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Contracts and to facility agreements with WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities 
Limited an Affiliate of the Issuer, in relation to securities tracking hedged equivalents of the Commodity 
Indices and their exposures under these and any similar agreements and their hedging activities in 
connection with those exposures, may affect their abilities to create Commodity Contracts under the 
Facility Agreements. 
Market Disruption 
Futures exchanges have the potential to suffer from market disruption, due to trading failures at the 
exchange or the imposition of volume or price restrictions or other circumstances resulting in difficulty in 
determining a futures contract price at a particular time. Such events could cause a trading day to be 
classified as a market disruption day, for the purposes of the Micro and Commodity Securities of one or 
more classes or categories, resulting in it not being possible to price one or more classes or categories of 
Micro and Commodity Securities that day. This will cause a delay in the application or redemption process 
(where settlement pricing is being used) which could adversely affect potential or existing Security Holders.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Legal Risk 
Realisation of Collateral 
In the event that the Issuer enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and Control Agreement to take 
control of a Collateral Account, the Collateral in the Collateral Account may not be of sufficient value to cover 
all Redemption Amounts payable to investors because: (i) enforcement of its rights by the Issuer may have 
resulted from the Commodity Contract Counterparty failing to post Collateral to the Collateral Account to the 
value of the Collateral Exposure; (ii) the Collateral Account is only required to contain assets to the value of 
the Collateral Exposure as at the close of the immediately preceding Business Day on which the calculations 
and valuations are made and there may be a number of days between such valuations occurring and the 
date on which the Issuer takes control of the Collateral Account, during which time a significant difference 
between the value of the Collateral in the Collateral Account and the Collateral Exposure could arise; (iii) 
the value of the assets in the Collateral Account is not correlated to the Collateral Exposure and may fall 
due to market conditions; (iv) the Collateral Exposure could rise due to market conditions; (v) the Collateral 
Exposure as reported for the purposes of the Commodity Contract Counterparty ’s obligation to post 
Collateral when such Collateral was last posted may be less than the aggregate amounts due to Security 
Holders and others out of the proceeds realised from such Collateral; (vi) the Issuer (or the Trustee) may 
not be able to realise some or all of the assets in the Collateral Account at the prices at which they were 
valued, even after allowing for the application of valuation percentages; or (vii) there may be certain costs 
associated with the Issuer’s realisation of the assets in the Collateral Account. In addition there can be no 
certainty as to the timeliness of any such enforcement. 
Under the terms of each Control Agreement, the Securities Intermediary may utilise depositories, banks or 
other financial institutions in connection with the custody of the Collateral. In the event that the Issuer 
enforces its rights under a Security Agreement and Control Agreement to take control of the Collateral 
Account of a Commodity Contract Counterparty and Collateral is held with such depository, bank or other 
financial institution as arranged by the Securities Intermediary: (i) the Issuer may not be able to recover all 
sums due to it and may not therefore have sufficient amounts to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations to 
Security Holders; and/or (ii) it may take longer to realise the Collateral and a Security Holder may therefore 
experience delays in receiving amounts due to them. 
If the amounts received by the Issuer upon the realisation of Collateral (whether realised from the Securities 
Intermediary or any such depositories, banks or other financial institutions instructed by the Securities 
Intermediary) are not sufficient fully to cover the Issuer’s payment obligations to Security Holders then a 
Security Holder may incur a loss which may be significant. 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
If the Trustee enforces its security, and takes control of a Collateral Account, the factors referred to in 
“Realisation of Collateral” above will also apply. In addition, the Trustee is dependent upon the Issuer to 
make or cause to be made and publish its calculations of the Price of the Commodity Securities and 
consequently of any Redemption Amount. If the Issuer is insolvent, or for other reasons, the Issuer may not 
make and publish such calculations. In such circumstances, there can be no assurance that the Trustee will 
be able to perform such calculations, or to find a third party able and willing to perform such calculations for 
it. The Prices of all types of Commodity Securities are determined in accordance with formulae and (save 
in respect of certain specific elements or in the case of market disruptions) there is no provision for a 
calculation agent to make a conclusive determination of the Price. There can therefore also be no assurance 
that any Price or Redemption Amount which is calculated by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee will 
accord with that calculated by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, or (in the event of a Compulsory 
Redemption) that the day upon which the Price payable by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to the 
Issuer is calculated under the relevant Facility Agreement will be the same as the day on which the Price or 
Redemption Amount payable on the Commodity Securities will be calculated (so that there may be a 
mismatch). Accordingly, following a Counterparty Event of Default there may be delays in obtaining a Price 
for certain classes or categories of Micro and Commodity Securities which could result in a Security Holder 
being unable to redeem their securities. There may also be inaccuracies in the Price calculation which could 
result in losses to Security Holders.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Pursuant to the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (“BRRD”) EU member states 
were required to introduce a recovery and resolution framework for banks and significant investment firms 
(“institutions”) giving national competent and resolution authorities powers of intervention where such an 
institution is deemed to be failing or likely to fail. Although the UK is no longer a member of the EU, BRRD 
continues to apply in the UK as retained EU law pursuant to the terms of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018. 
Among other things the BRRD provides for the introduction of a “bail-in tool” under which resolution 
authorities may write down claims of the institution’s shareholders and creditors and/or convert such claims 
into equity. Exceptions to this include secured liabilities, client assets and client money. If following a bail-in 
it is determined, based on a post-resolution valuation, that shareholders or creditors whose claims have 
been written down or converted into equity have incurred greater losses than they would have done had the 
institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings, the BRRD provides that they are 
entitled to payment of the difference. 
Other powers of intervention include the power to close out open derivatives positions, temporarily to 
suspend payment or delivery obligations, restrict or stay the enforcement of security interests and suspend 
termination rights. 
As MLI and CGML are both UK institutions, they are subject to BRRD. BRRD applies automatically in the 
case of agreements governed by any European Economic Area law (such as the Facility Agreements and 
the Commodity Contracts) and institutions are required by BRRD to ensure that agreements governed by 
other laws include a term under which the creditor of the institution covered by BRRD recognises the liability 
may be subject to the exercise of write-down and conversion powers. As the MLI Security Agreement, the 
MLI Control Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement are each 
governed by New York law, they include (or separately incorporate) such acknowledgments. 
The implementation of a resolution process in relation to an institution which is a counterparty to or obligor 
of the Issuer could result in a bail-in being exercised in respect of any unsecured claims the Issuer has 
against that institution. As a result, the amount outstanding under such claims could be reduced to zero or 
converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership in the institution or the terms of such claims 
could be varied. 
The application of BRRD to an institution could also result in derivatives positions (including Commodity 
Contracts) held by the Issuer with the institution being closed out or terminated, and delays in the ability of 
the Issuer to enforce its rights in respect of collateral or otherwise against the institution concerned. Any 
payment of compensation due to the Issuer as a result of the Issuer being worse off as a result of a bail-in 
is likely to be delayed until after the completion of the resolution process and may prove to be less than 
anticipated or expected or may be the subject of dispute. 
U.S. Stay Resolution Provisions 
Regulations (“U.S. SRR Provisions”) have been adopted by U.S. prudential regulators in respect of certain 
entities that are part of a banking organisation designated as a global-systemically important banking 
organisation. The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to banking entities (collectively “Covered Entities”) 
that are (1) deemed to be global systemically important U.S. banking organisations (“U.S. GSIBs”) or that 
meet an asset size threshold, (2) certain subsidiaries of a U.S. GSIB and (3) certain U.S. operations of 
systemically important non-U.S. banking organisations. The U.S. SRR Provisions seek to reduce the 
potential that the resolution of a Covered Entity will be disorderly and lead to disruptive asset sales and 
liquidations which prudential regulators are concerned could spark a broad financial crisis. 
The effect of the U.S. SRR Provisions is to eliminate certain contractual rights in certain financial contracts 
(“qualified financial contracts”), such as agreements relating to swaps, currency forwards and other 
derivatives as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, such that the 
counterparties to these contracts (a) are subject to a stay for a specified time period during which they will 
be prevented from closing out a qualified financial contract if the Covered Entity is subject to resolution 
proceedings and (b) are prohibited from exercising default rights due to a receivership or similar proceeding

--- Page 23 ---
23 
of an affiliate of the Covered Entity. In some instances the U.S. prudential regulator administering the 
resolution could transfer the qualified financial contracts to another financial institution that is not in an 
insolvency proceeding. 
The Issuer believes that each of the Counterparties and its Guarantor is a Covered Entity and that the 
Commodity Contracts and Guarantees to which it is a party are qualified financial contracts to which the 
U.S. SRR Provisions apply. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions apply directly to qualified financial contracts that are governed by U.S. law and to 
U.S. persons, but they also require Covered Entities to include in all qualified financial contracts that are not 
governed by U.S. law (or the law of a State of the United States) contractual provisions reflecting the 
requirements of the U.S. SRR Provisions that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, such as the 
Issuer, to exercise certain close-out, cross-default and similar rights under certain conditions. 
The U.S. SRR Provisions came into force on various dates that commenced in January 2019 and were due 
to be complied with by 1 July 2019. 
The Facility Agreements are governed by English law and accordingly each of the Counterparties was 
required to amend its Facility Agreement with the Issuer to include such provisions, failing which it may have 
been unable to continue to create Commodity Contracts. The U.S. SRR Provisions enable compliance either 
by bilateral agreement or by adherence to a standard ISDA protocol. The Issuer adhered to the ISDA® 2018 
US Resolution Stay Protocol with effect from 28 June 2019. 
Implementation of these requirements may increase credit, close-out and other risks in respect of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities. As no resolution of a Covered Entity has taken place with the U.S. SRR 
Provisions in effect, it is unclear how they will operate in practice. There is however a risk that, in the event 
of a default of a Commodity Counterparty and where the powers or required contractual provisions under 
the U.S. SSR Provisions are exercised, Security Holders may incur losses during this period for example 
because: 
(a) Security Holders would be unable to Redeem their Micro and Commodity Securities and so would not be 
able to realise their investment at a time and value of their choosing; 
(b) 
the Issuer may be prevented from giving notice to Commodity Contract Counterparty of a Compulsory 
Pricing Date under the relevant Facility Agreement which, if all Micro and Commodity Securities of a 
particular class are to be Redeemed, could prevent the Issuer from redeeming such Micro and 
Commodity Securities, which could delay a Security Holder realising their investment; and 
(c) 
the assets in any Pool may be reduced, so that Security Holders (for the corresponding class) would 
receive less than the Price of their Micro and Commodity Securities on a subsequent Redemption or 
Compulsory Redemption. 
Commodity Contract Counterparty Withholding 
In certain circumstances where a Commodity Contract Counterparty considers that an amount payable by 
it in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination is, may be or may be about to be required by any 
applicable law of the United States to be paid subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant 
governmental revenue authority) then in effect, then it may give 30 days’ notice to the Issuer under the 
Facility Agreement and until the expiry of such notice it will be obliged to “gross-up” the amounts so payable 
by it subject (in the case where the beneficial holder of the relevant Micro or Commodity Securities being 
redeemed is not an Authorised Participant) to provision to the Commodity Contract Counterparty of certain 
beneficial owner certifications to allow the Commodity Contract Counterparty (if possible) to pay the relevant 
amount without any such deduction or withholding, or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate. 
Payment on redemption to persons who are not Authorised Participants may in these circumstances be 
subject to their giving to the Issuer and the Commodity Contract Counterparty such beneficial owner 
certifications. Following the expiry of such 30 days’ notice, the Commodity Contract Counterparty will not be 
obliged to “gross-up” any amounts payable by it and if the Issuer makes payment on Redemption only of 
the net amount so paid, that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
Micro and Commodity Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer. The ability of the Issuer to pay on 
redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities is wholly dependent on it receiving payment from the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. The Micro and Commodity Securities will not be obligations or 
responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, the Trustee, the Registrar, Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any member 
of the UBS Group, MLI or any other member of the BAC Group, CGML or any other member of the Citigroup 
Group, any direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer or any of the Authorised Participants and no Security 
Holder has any direct rights of enforcement against such persons. The Issuer is a special purpose company 
established for the purpose of issuing exchange traded commodities (ETCs) as asset-backed securities. 
If the net proceeds of realisation of the Secured Property in respect of a particular Pool, following 
enforcement of the Security Deed applicable to that Pool, are less than the aggregate amount payable in 
such circumstances by the Issuer in respect of Micro Securities and Individual Securities of that class and 
Index Securities to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of that class, the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of such Micro Securities and Individual Securities and such Index Securities to the extent that 
they comprise Micro Securities of that class will be limited to the net proceeds of realisation of that Secured 
Property. In such circumstances the assets (if any) of the Issuer other than those attributable to the relevant 
Pool will not be available for payment of such shortfall, the rights of the relevant Security Holders to receive 
any further amounts in respect of such obligations shall be extinguished and none of the Security Holders 
or the Trustee may take any further action to recover such amounts. In these circumstances, the Security 
Holder would suffer a loss. 
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority of payments in accordance with 
the Trust Instrument, further details of which are set out in Condition 18 (Application of Moneys) in Part 7 
(Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities). Following the priority of payments, the security may be 
insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return the full Redemption Amount to investors who may suffer 
a loss as a result. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security on behalf 
of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) by a Security Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed; or 
(b) if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the 
whole of its assets) or certain types of default or breach event relating to a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has occurred and is continuing, (i) in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature) of the Micro and Commodity Securities (as a whole) 
then outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. In circumstances 
where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right to proceed 
directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in 
relation to any Pool. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted by the 
Security Deed, such security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction 
and/or such assets may be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the 
Security Deed. 
The Issuer has taken the following steps to perfect the security granted under the Security Deed relating to 
the Security Agreements: (a) the Issuer has notified the Securities Intermediary of the security so granted 
in writing and the Securities Intermediary has in writing acknowledged to the Issuer and the Trustee such 
notification; and (b) the Issuer’s grant of the security interest is expressly acknowledged in the Control

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Agreements with provision made under the Control Agreements for the Securities Intermediary to act on the 
instructions of the Trustee enforcing the security. 
The Issuer may take further steps if required in order to perfect such security under English law. However 
the security so granted may not be recognised or perfected under the laws of other jurisdictions in which 
some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in relation to any Pool may be deemed to be 
located. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
If MLI as Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it considers that, as a result of the application in the 
United Kingdom of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, any calculation, determination or provision by the 
Calculation Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency 
Agreement in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a 
notice to that effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer 
should it subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly 
burdensome), in which event: 
• 
the Issuer may suspend the redemption by Settlement Pricing (but not by Agreed Pricing) of that 
class for up to 90 days; 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under the 
Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Commodity Securities of the relevant class by Settlement 
Pricing; 
• 
if such suspension has been in effect for at least 30 days, the Issuer may redeem compulsorily the 
Micro and Commodity Securities of the relevant class on not less than two Business Days’ notice; 
and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a substitute 
index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract Counterparty, such 
approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days (or such shorter or 
longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not within 
75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or appointed a 
replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the Issuer may elect 
by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity Contracts be cancelled on 
not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable Micro and Commodity Securities will 
be redeemed). 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions 
with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particular exposed to national, 
international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. The scope and requirements of 
regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer and the Commodity Contract Counterparties continues to 
change and evolve and there is a risk that as a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, or more 
expensive, for the Issuer or the Commodity Contract Counterparties to continue to carry on their functions 
in the manner currently contemplated, including a risk that future regulation of the commodity futures market 
may result in increased hedging costs for the Commodity Contract Counterparties or limits on the extent of 
their permitted hedging activities. This may require that changes are made in the future to the agreements 
applicable to the Programme and may result in changes to the commercial terms of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities (such as reductions in the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits and/or increase 
in the amounts required by the Commodity Contract Counterparties to cover their hedging costs, which 
would result in a reduction in the Capital Adjustment and hence a reduction in the Price) and/or the inability 
to apply for and Redeem Micro and Commodity Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of 
the Micro and Commodity Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
‘Brexit’ 
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015 of the UK, a referendum on the United Kingdom’s 
membership of the European Union (EU) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the 
EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK Government gave notice under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European 
Union of the UK’s intention to leave the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State of 
the EU. This cessation is subject to a withdrawal agreement between the UK and the remaining EU Member 
States which provides for a transition period lasting until December 2020 during which EU law continues to 
apply to the UK as if it remained a Member State. 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the decision to leave the EU remain uncertain, there could 
be short-term volatility which could have a negative impact on general economic conditions in the UK and 
business and consumer confidence in the UK, which may in turn have a negative impact elsewhere in the 
EU and more widely. The longer-term consequences may be affected by the terms of any future 
arrangements the UK has with the remaining Member States of the EU. Among other things, the UK’s 
departure from the EU could lead to instability in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the 
value of the pound sterling or the euro. 
Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business activity; 
(ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios resulting 
from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the liquidity 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The transition period ended with arrangements in place between the UK and the Member States of the EU. 
The legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme is dependent on the terms of such 
arrangement. As at the date of this Prospectus, the potential effect on the legal and regulatory environment 
applicable to the Programme and to investors is unclear and may have adverse and/or unforeseeable 
consequences.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
2FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Micro and Commodity Securities. It is not intended to be a summary of or a 
complete description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment in Micro and 
Commodity Securities should only be made after careful consideration of this Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What are Micro and Commodity Securities? 
Micro and Commodity Securities are secured, undated limited recourse debt securities issued by 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, a Jersey company established as a special purpose vehicle for 
the purpose of issuing the Micro and Commodity Securities and the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. The Micro and Commodity Securities have been designed to enable investors to achieve a return 
based on the movements of indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures 
contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts, and to enable investors to buy and sell that interest 
through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
What are the Commodity Indices? 
The Commodity Indices are indices which track movements in the price of individual commodity futures 
contracts or baskets of commodity futures contracts. They are calculated by Bloomberg in conjunction with 
UBS Securities and published by Bloomberg and known as the Bloomberg Commodity Index family. 
How do Micro and Commodity Securities provide a return based on the movements of Commodity 
Indices? 
The Micro and Commodity Securities provide exposure (before fees and adjustments and in the absence of 
Market Disruption Events) to movements in the Commodity Indices, such that if the level of a Commodity 
Index falls the Price of the relevant Micro or Commodity Security will also fall (and vice versa). 
How does the Issuer back its exposure to the Commodity Indices? 
A class of Micro and Commodity Security is backed by an equal number of Commodity Contracts of the same 
class entered into with a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement. Under 
the Facility Agreement, the Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds of that class of Micro and Commodity Security 
to the Commodity Contract Counterparty and in return the Commodity Contract Counterparty provides the 
Issuer with an equal number of Commodity Contracts of the same class. The Commodity Contracts of a 
particular class will provide the Issuer with a return based on the movements of the relevant Commodity 
Index (less fees, expenses and other adjustments) for an amount equal to the issue proceeds of the related 
class of Micro and Commodity Securities. The Commodity Contract Counterparty is also required to post 
collateral with respect to the Commodity Contracts as described under “What is the purpose of the 
collateral?” below. 
What is the Price? 
The Price of a particular class of Micro Securities or Commodity Securities is calculated in accordance with a set 
formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the 
value of their investment?). The Price reflects the value of the Commodity Index and the applicable fees payable 
by a Security Holder in respect of that class of Micro Securities or Commodity Securities. 
When will the Price of a Micro and Commodity Security be published? 
The Price for a particular Pricing Day will be published on the Issuer’s website on the next Business Day 
at  https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
What is a Commodity Contract Counterparty? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are entities with which the Issuer has entered into a Facility 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer will purchase Commodity Contracts from the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty. As at the date of this Prospectus, MLI and CGML are the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties under the Programme.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Is an investment in a Commodity Index the same as investing in the underlying commodities? 
An investment in a Commodity Index is not the same as investing directly in the underlying commodities. 
Importantly, an investment in a Commodity Index does not give any ownership interest, right or entitlement 
to any actual commodity or commodity futures contract. Any amounts payable on the Micro and Commodity 
Securities will be in cash, and the holders of the Micro and Commodity Securities will have no right to receive 
delivery of any commodity or commodity futures contract at any time. 
Who makes calculations in respect of a Commodity Index? 
The Commodity Indices are constructed and published pursuant to a joint arrangement between UBS 
Securities and Bloomberg. The Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and its sub-indices (including the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and the Individual Commodity Indices) and the Multi-Tenor Index are 
published on Bloomberg’s website at https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices/. 
What is the purpose of the collateral? 
The Issuer pays all of the issue proceeds for each class of Micro Securities or Commodity Securities to the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in return for that Commodity Contract Counterparty entering into an 
equivalent number of Commodity Contracts of such class. 
This means that the Issuer will have a credit exposure to the Commodity Contract Counterparty with respect 
to the amounts owed to the Issuer under the terms of the Commodity Contracts. To reduce this exposure 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post collateral to a collateral account held in the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty’s name with The Bank of New York Mellon. 
In the event that the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults on its payment obligations under a 
Commodity Contract, then the Issuer will be entitled to take control over a Collateral Account and the 
collateral within it for the purposes of realising the collateral. The Issuer would then sell such collateral with 
the aim of satisfying the amounts owed to it by the Commodity Contract Counterparty under a Commodity 
Contract, although in the event that the proceeds from selling the collateral are less than the amounts owed 
by the Commodity Contract Counterparty then the Issuer may not in turn be able to pay the full amount 
owed to Security Holders. 
What happens if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults? 
If the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults then the Issuer would be expected to cease to enter into 
Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparty. A Counterparty Event of Default would 
include circumstances where the Commodity Contract Counterparty has failed to pay amounts due in 
respect of a Commodity Contract Termination and has failed to rectify such failure to pay within a certain time 
limit. Upon default the Issuer may also look to close out the existing Commodity Contracts in place with the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty in receipt for the cash owed to it under such Commodity Contracts. 
When can a Commodity Contract Counterparty elect to terminate Commodity Contracts? 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty may, on giving not less than three months’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer, elect to compulsorily redeem all classes of Commodity Contracts or, in the event that the Issuer has 
defaulted on certain of its obligations to the Commodity Contract Counterparty under the Facility Agreement, 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty may compulsorily redeem all classes of Commodity Contracts on not 
less than two Business Days’ notice. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparty also has the right to terminate some or all of the Commodity 
Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging positions which (acting 
reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility Agreement or 
Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has, and will exercise, the right to 
redeem some or all of the Micro and Commodity Securities of that class. 
Other termination rights in favour of the Commodity Contract Counterparties include on the occurrence of a 
material adverse change (which itself includes a change in tax law). 
The Facility Agreements each have a term of ten years from 24 October 2017 and in the event that such 
term expires and the parties do not agree to an extension then all classes of Commodity Contracts will also 
be compulsorily redeemed following such expiry.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
What happens if a Market Disruption Event occurs? 
If the level of a Commodity Index is not published due to a Market Disruption Event then the Calculation 
Agent will use a special value of the relevant Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported 
prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event and using 
a fair market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Facility Agreements described 
in Condition 16.3 of the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities) for the relevant 
commodity futures that are subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
For these purposes, a Market Disruption Event may occur with respect to a Commodity Index where, for 
example, certain events occur which disrupt trading in the commodities that are comprised within the 
underlying Commodity Index or where an exchange on which those commodities trade closes early or fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Where calculations and determinations are made in relation to Commodity Contracts, the same calculations 
and determinations will be made in respect of the corresponding Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Who is the Calculation Agent? 
MLI is acting as the Calculation Agent with respect to the Commodity Contracts under the Facility 
Agreement. It is not a calculation agent for the Micro and Commodity Securities or for the Programme. The 
role of MLI as Calculation Agent is limited to the making of calculations and determinations in accordance 
with the terms of the Facility Agreements in respect of the Commodity Contracts thereunder. 
What is the Multiplier? 
The Multiplier for Micro and Commodity Securities is an adjustment factor adjusted each day by the Capital 
Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?) . 
What is the Capital Adjustment? 
The Capital Adjustment forms part of the pricing formula for the Micro and Commodity Securities and will 
result in certain adjustments to the Price of a Micro and Commodity Security. The Capital Adjustment is 
described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 
(How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions that meet certain eligibility requirements and who have 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are allowed 
to buy and (in most cases) sell Micro and Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. Authorised 
Participants may, but do not have to, act as market makers for the Micro and Commodity Securities by 
buying and selling Micro and Commodity Securities to and from investors either on exchange or in over the 
counter transactions. 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is to act 
as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Security Deeds 
and the Trustee holds its rights on behalf of Security Holders (and itself). 
What is the cash value of a Micro and Commodity Security? 
Each Micro and Commodity Security has a Price (which is an amount in US Dollars) which reflects the value 
of the corresponding Commodity Contract and which also reduces each day to reflect the accrual of the fees 
payable in respect of that Micro and Commodity Security. All Security Holders will generally buy and sell 
their Micro and Commodity Securities on a stock exchange in return for cash. The cash value at which the 
Micro and Commodity Securities will trade on exchange is expected to be close to the value of such Price. 
Further information and examples of how the Price is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
How do I buy and sell Micro and Commodity Securities? 
Generally only Authorised Participants may create and redeem Micro and Commodity Securities directly 
with the Issuer at the Price on the relevant date. Once an Authorised Participant creates Micro and 
Commodity Securities with the Issuer it can then (i) choose to hold the Micro and Commodity Securities

--- Page 30 ---
30 
itself; (ii) sell those securities on one of the stock exchanges on which the Micro and Commodity Securities 
are admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Micro and Commodity Securities in private off exchange transaction 
(OTC); or (iv) redeem the Micro and Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Micro and Commodity Securities on any of 
the stock exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in the same way 
as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Transactions in Micro and Commodity Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can be done at 
any point during the Trading Day. Such purchases of Micro and Commodity Securities will generally be done 
at a “bid price” and any sales of Micro and Commodity Securities intraday will generally be done at an “offer 
price”. The bid and offer prices of a Micro and Commodity Security are expected to be close to the cash 
value of the Price of the relevant class of Micro and Commodity Security on a particular day, however, they 
will not match exactly the Price because bid and offer prices also take account of other market conditions 
such as market liquidity (supply and demand) at the time that the investor is looking to buy or sell their Micro 
and Commodity Securities. 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of their initial investment. An investor can also lose part of their 
investment if the Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults – see section entitled “What happens if the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty defaults” above. 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and hold their Micro and Commodity Securities cannot lose more than their initial 
investment. 
What is the minimum investment? 
One Commodity Security. 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged (within the Price) a Management Fee, an amount reflecting amounts owing to or owed 
by the Commodity Contract Counterparty to reflect the benefit or cost to the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty of selling Commodity Contracts to the Issuer and a licence allowance in respect of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities. 
Where an Authorised Participant subscribes for Micro and Commodity Securities, the Issuer may charge an 
Application Fee which will be payable in addition to the Price and, likewise, the Issuer may deduct an amount 
equal to the Redemption Fee from the amount payable on a redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Further information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities). Investors who buy and sell 
Micro and Commodity Securities on exchange or in transactions other than with the Issuer may also be 
charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
Who is the “holder” of the Micro and Commodity Securities? 
If the Micro and Commodity Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the 
case), the legal “holder” will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary for 
the Micro and Commodity Securities or the person entered in the register as the Security Holder. As an 
investor, your rights in relation to the Micro and Commodity Securities will be governed by the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the Micro 
and Commodity Securities and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries 
in between. Accordingly, where this Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a 
Security Holder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the 
contracts in such chain. 
Can the Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the 
Micro and Commodity Securities? 
The Micro and Commodity Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by UCITS. 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, need to 
satisfy themselves that an investment in the Commodity Securities would comply with any regulations and/or 
guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of 
their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. Failure to 
comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS, which is a Security Holder to be in breach of its 
compliance obligations under the UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or investment 
objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulation sanctions under its national regime.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
3TYPES OF COMMODITY SECURITIES 
Classic Individual Securities and Classic Index Securities 
The types of Classic Individual Security and Classic Index Security available for issue and corresponding LSE 
Codes are set out below: 
Classic Individual Securities 
LSE code 
WisdomTree Aluminium 
ALUM 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
BRNT 
WisdomTree Cocoa 
COCO 
WisdomTree Coffee 
COFF 
WisdomTree Copper 
COPA 
WisdomTree Corn 
CORN 
WisdomTree Cotton 
COTN 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
CRUD 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 
GASO 
WisdomTree Gasoline 
UGAS 
WisdomTree Gold 
BULL 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 
HEAT 
WisdomTree Kansas Wheat 
WEAK 
WisdomTree Lead 
LEED 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 
HOGS 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 
CATL 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
NGAS 
WisdomTree Nickel 
NICK 
WisdomTree Platinum 
PLTM 
WisdomTree Silver 
SLVR 
WisdomTree Soybean Meal 
SOBM 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 
SOYO 
WisdomTree Soybeans 
SOYB 
WisdomTree Sugar 
SUGA 
WisdomTree Tin 
TINM 
WisdomTree Wheat 
WEAT 
WisdomTree Zinc 
ZINC 
Classic Index Securities 
LSE code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 
AIGC 
WisdomTree Energy 
AIGE 
WisdomTree Petroleum 
AIGO 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 
AIGX 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
AIGP 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
AIGI 
WisdomTree Agriculture 
AIGA 
WisdomTree Softs 
AIGS 
WisdomTree Livestock 
AIGL 
WisdomTree Grains 
AIGG

--- Page 33 ---
33 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
and Livestock 
XFRM 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Industrial 
Metals 
XIND 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Precious 
Metals 
XPMT 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
XAGR 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Livestock 
XLST 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Softs 
XSFT 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Grains 
XGRA 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Petroleum 
XPET 
Longer Dated Individual Securities and Longer Dated Index Securities 
The types of Longer Dated Individual Security and Longer Dated Index Security available for issue and 
corresponding LSE Codes are set out below: 
Longer Dated Individual Securities 
LSE code 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated 
ALFO 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Longer Dated 
FBRT 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated 
FOCO 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated 
FCOP 
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated 
CORF 
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated 
FCOT 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated 
FCRU 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated 
UGAF 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated 
FGSO 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated 
GOLF 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated 
HEAF 
WisdomTree Kansas Wheat Longer Dated 
WEKF 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated 
HOGF 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated 
CATF 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated 
NGAF 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated 
NICF 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated 
FSIL 
WisdomTree Soybean Meal Longer Dated 
SBMF 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated 
SYOF 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated 
SYBF 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated 
SUGF 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated 
WEAF 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated 
ZINF 
Longer Dated Index Securities 
LSE code 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated 
FAIG 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated 
ENEF 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated 
FPET 
WisdomTree 
Broad 
Commodities 
Ex-Energy 
EXEF

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Longer Dated 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated 
FPRE 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated 
FIND 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated 
FAGR 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated 
SOFF 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated 
FLIV 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated 
GRAF

--- Page 35 ---
35 
4LICENCES GRANTED TO THE ISSUER 
“Bloomberg®”, “Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM” and “Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM” are 
trademarks or service marks of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively “Bloomberg”) and 
have been licensed for use for certain purposes by the Issuer. Neither Bloomberg nor UBS Securities are 
affiliated with the Issuer and Bloomberg and UBS Securities do not approve, endorse, review or recommend 
the Micro and Commodity Securities. Neither Bloomberg nor UBS Securities guarantees the timeliness, 
accuracy or completeness of any data or information relating to the Commodity Indices. 
The Issuer has been granted a licence by Bloomberg and UBS Securities to price Micro and Commodity 
Securities based on various commodity indices calculated and published by Bloomberg, in conjunction with 
UBS Securities. All references to indices calculated or published by Bloomberg, in conjunction with UBS 
Securities, and in particular the Commodity Indices, are used with the permission of Bloomberg and UBS 
Securities.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
5DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires: 
“Acceptable 
Credit Rating” 
means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from S&P and of at 
least Baa1 from Moody’s 
“Administration 
Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated 14 December 2012 between R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer providing for certain administration 
and company secretarial services to be provided by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited to the Issuer 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with that person; and for this purpose, 
“control” of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person 
“Aggregate 
Outstanding 
Contracts  
Price” 
means in respect of any day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty the 
aggregate of (i) the sum of the Price on that day of each and every Commodity 
Contract then in existence with that Commodity Contract Counterparty (including 
Commodity Contracts in respect of which a Creation Notice has been given on 
or prior to that day and which have not been issued or cancelled, but excluding 
Commodity Contracts in respect of which a valid Cancellation Notice has been 
given on or before that day) and (ii) the sum of the Price (as defined in the Short 
and Leveraged Facility Agreement with that Commodity Contract Counterparty) 
of each and every Short and Leveraged Commodity Contract then in existence 
with that Commodity Contract Counterparty (including Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Contracts in respect of which a Creation Notice (as defined in such 
Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement) has been given on or prior to that day 
and which have not been issued or cancelled (as defined in such Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement), but excluding Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Contracts in respect of which a valid Cancellation Notice (as defined in such Short 
and Leveraged Facility Agreement) has been given on or before that day) 
“Agreed  
Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 8.1(b) 
“Agreed 
Redemption  
Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer requesting 
Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities using Agreed Pricing 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for Commodity 
Securities 
“Application” 
means an offer by an Applicant to the Issuer to subscribe for Commodity Securities, 
being an offer on terms referred to in an Application Form and this document and 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Issuer in respect of the issue of 
Commodity Securities 
“Application 
Form” 
means the application form to be used in connection with the Programme 
“Application 
Moneys” 
means, for an Application, all moneys paid or to be paid to or to the order of the 
Issuer by the Applicant in respect of the Application  
“Authorised 
Participant” 
means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement 
with the Issuer in relation to Commodity Securities and (except in the case of a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty which has entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer) has entered into a corresponding Direct 
Agreement with at least one Commodity Contract Counterparty, and which is not an 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty provided that no person shall be an Authorised Participant unless 
and until the Security Conditions (if any) with respect to the Authorised Participant

--- Page 37 ---
37 
and that Commodity Contract Counterparty shall have been satisfied and provided 
further that a person can be an Authorised Participant in respect of one Commodity 
Contract Counterparty but not another 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person under which 
such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent or 
in a substantially similar function in relation to Micro Securities and/or Commodity 
Securities comprising inter alia Micro Securities and if such agreement is subject 
to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied 
“Authorised 
Person” 
means a person who is authorised for the purposes of the FSMA 
“BAC” 
means Bank of America Corporation, a corporation established under the laws of the 
State of Delaware, United States, and whose principal place of business is at 100 
North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC28255, United States 
“BAC Group” 
means BAC and its Affiliates, and includes MLI 
“BAC  
Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 29 June 2017 given by BAC to the Issuer in support of 
MLI’s payment obligations under the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security 
Agreement and the MLI Control Agreement 
“BG 
Micro 
Securities” 
means the Brent Crude Micro Securities, the Gas Oil Micro Securities, the Brent 
Crude Micro Longer Dated Securities and the Gas Oil Micro Longer Dated 
Securities 
“BG Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Individual Securities, the WisdomTree 
Gas Oil Individual Securities, the WisdomTree Longer Dated Brent Crude Oil 
Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Longer Dated Gas Oil Individual 
Securities 
“BISL” 
means Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
“Bloomberg”  
means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the Affiliate of either 
of them 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity 
IndexSM” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM (formerly known as the Dow Jones – 
UBS Commodity IndexSM), calculated and published by Bloomberg, further 
information on which can be found in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) 
“Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 
3 Month 
ForwardSM”  
means the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM (formerly known as 
the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM), calculated and 
published by Bloomberg, further information on which can be found in Part 3 (The 
Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
“BNYM” 
or 
“Securities 
Intermediary” 
means the securities intermediary under each Security Agreement and includes 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Issuer 
“Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both 
London and New York 
“Calculation 
Agency 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “CGML Calculation Agency Agreement relating to 
Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 2017 between the 
Issuer, CGML and MLI 
“Calculation 
Agent” 
means a person appointed by the Issuer to determine various matters in 
accordance with Condition 16, MLI being the Calculation Agent in respect of the MLI 
Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility Agreement 
“Cancellation 
Notice” 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant 
to a Facility Agreement which cancels the Equivalent Number of Commodity 
Contracts corresponding with the Micro or Commodity Securities referred to in such 
Cancellation Notice

--- Page 38 ---
38 
“Capital 
Adjustment” 
means an adjustment factor to be included in the calculation of the Multiplier which 
is agreed from time to time by the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the 
Issuer 
“Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means agreements entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Classic and 
Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty and includes the MLI Capital Adjustment Agreement and the 
CGML Capital Adjustment Agreement 
“category” 
means, in relation to Index Securities, the type of Index Security determined by the 
mix of different classes of Micro Securities comprised in the Index Security 
“CBOT” 
means The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc. 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland 
“cents” 
means United States cents, equal to one hundredth of a US Dollar 
“Certificated” 
or 
“Certificated 
Form”  
means not in Uncertificated Form 
“CGMH” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., a corporation incorporated in the 
State of New York 
“CGML” 
means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated and registered 
in England and Wales with number 01763297 whose registered office is at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and 
includes its successors and assigns 
“CGML 
Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Classic 
and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer 
and CGML 
“CGML 
Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
CGML and the Securities Intermediary dated 29 June 2017  
“CGML 
Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and 
CGML 
“CGML 
Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 29 June 2017 which is in relation to and 
supplements the CGML Facility Agreement and the CGML Short and Leveraged 
Facility Agreement 
“CGML Short and 
Leveraged  
Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML entitled 
“CGML Facility Agreement relating to Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts”
“CIP” 
means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook from time to 
time 
“Citigroup 
Guarantee” 
means the guarantee dated 29 June 2017 given by CGMH to the Issuer in support 
of CGML’s payment obligations under the CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML 
Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement 
“Citigroup Group” 
means CGMH and its Affiliates, and includes CGML 
“class” 
means a class of Micro Securities or Individual Securities under which the Issuer’s 
obligations to make payment, and the corresponding class of Commodity 
Contracts under which any Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations to 
make payment, are determined by reference to a particular Individual Commodity 
Index, and Micro or Individual Securities, and the corresponding class of 
Commodity Contracts, referable to a particular Individual Commodity Index but of 
different Strategies are each of a separate and distinct class provided that the WTI 
Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities (and the corresponding class of Commodity 
Contracts) and the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities shall for these 
purposes be of the same class

--- Page 39 ---
39 
“Classic 
Commodity 
Contract” 
means in relation to Micro Securities of a particular class (or Commodity 
Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro Securities of that class), a 
contract between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty created in 
accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to matching rights and 
obligations to such Micro Securities  
“Classic 
Commodity 
Security” 
means Classic Individual Securities and Classic Index Securities 
“Classic 
Index 
Securities” 
means an Index Security of a category specified in the relevant list in paragraph 
5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)  
“Classic  
Individual 
Securities” 
means an Individual Security of a class specified in the relevant list in paragraph 5 
of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Classic Micro and 
Commodity 
Securities” 
or 
“Classic 
Securities” 
means Micro Classic Securities, Classic Index Securities and Classic Individual 
Securities and “Classic Micro or Commodity Securities” means any of them 
“Cleared  
Funds” 
means immediately available funds 
“CLPT 
Micro 
Securities” 
means the Cocoa Micro Securities, Lead Micro Securities, Platinum Micro 
Securities and Tin Micro Securities 
“CLPT  
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Cocoa Individual Securities, WisdomTree Lead Individual 
Securities, WisdomTree Platinum Individual Securities and WisdomTree Tin 
Individual Securities 
“CME” 
means Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. 
“CME Group” and 
“CME Group Inc.” 
means CME Group Inc., a holding company and the parent of CME, CBOT and 
NYMEX 
“CME Indexes” 
means CME Group Index Services LLC 
“Collateral” 
means all Posted Collateral (as defined in any Security Agreement) to the extent 
attributable to the obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under a 
Facility Agreement 
“Collateral 
Account” 
means, in relation to any Commodity Contract Counterparty that has entered into a 
Security Agreement, the account established and maintained by the respective 
Securities Intermediary in the Commodity Contract Counterparty’s name, in which 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty shall post Collateral pursuant to the terms 
of such Security Agreement and the relevant Control Agreement and which shall 
include the account so established and maintained by The Bank of New York 
Mellon in MLI’s name and the account so established and maintained by The Bank 
of New York Mellon in CGML’s name 
“Collateral 
Account 
Control Event” 
means (i) the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty that was not caused by a breach by 
the Issuer of its obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement or by any 
Authorised Participant under the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and, 
after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, there 
occurs under the Facility Agreement (or the relevant Short and Leveraged Facility 
Agreement) a liquidation of, or an acceleration of, all of the obligations of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty under the relevant Facility Agreement 
(or the relevant Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement); (ii) failure by the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to transfer Collateral to the relevant 
Collateral Account when due and such failure continues for two Business Days; 
(iii) failure by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to comply with or 
perform any other provisions of or obligations under the relevant Security 
Agreement (other than as set out in (ii)) and such failure continues for 30 days 
after receipt by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty of notice of such 
failure; or (iv) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty (a) is dissolved

--- Page 40 ---
40 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; (c) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (d) institutes 
or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding- up 
or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition (X) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (Y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 60 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (f) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all 
its assets; (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and 
such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 60 days thereafter; (h) causes 
or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a) to (g) 
above (inclusive); or (i) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent 
to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts. 
“Collateral 
Exposure” 
means, in respect of any Valuation Time (as defined in any Security Agreement) or 
other time for which Collateral Exposure is calculated, and save in the case of a 
dispute under the relevant Security Agreement, the sum of the price on such date 
of each and every Commodity Contract in issue as at the applicable Valuation 
Time, which, in the case of the MLI Security Agreement and the CGML Security 
Agreement, shall include both the sum of the price of the Commodity Contracts 
entered into pursuant to the MLI Facility Agreement or the CGML Facility 
Agreement (respectively) and the sum of the price of the commodity contracts under 
the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement or the CGML Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement (respectively) as at the applicable Valuation Time on 
such date 
“Collateral  
Yield” 
means in respect of any type of Micro and Commodity Securities the return, 
equivalent to an interest return, on the value invested in that type of Micro and 
Commodity Security calculated as described under the heading “The Capital 
Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine 
the value of their investment?) 
“COMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned subsidiary 
Commodity Exchange Inc. 
“Commodity 
Contract” 
means in relation to Micro Securities of a particular class (or Commodity Securities 
to the extent they are comprised of Micro Securities of that class), a contract 
between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty created in accordance 
with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to matching rights and obligations to such 
Micro Securities 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Counterparty” 
means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with the Issuer and includes 
MLI and CGML 
“Commodity 
Contract 
Termination” 
means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
“Commodity 
Indices” 
means the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 
Month ForwardSM and includes the other related indices and subindexes and 
“Commodity Index” shall be construed accordingly

--- Page 41 ---
41 
“Commodity 
Securities” 
and 
“WisdomTree 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Individual Securities and Index Securities 
“comprised 
in” 
and 
“comprised of” 
in relation to a Commodity Security means the Micro Securities by reference to 
which the amount payable on Redemption of that Commodity Security is calculated 
and for which a Commodity Security (when in Certificated Form) may be 
surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument and 
“comprise” and “comprised” shall be construed accordingly 
“Compulsory 
Redemption” 
means a Redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities in accordance with 
Condition 9.11 
“Compulsory 
Redemption  
Date” 
means a date notified in accordance with Conditions 9.1, 9.2, 9.5, 9.6, 9.6A or 9.7 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions of the Micro and Commodity Securities in the form 
set out in the Second Schedule (The Conditions) to the Trust Instrument and as 
set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities) and references 
herein to numbered Conditions are references to the numbers assigned to the 
Conditions in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities) 
“Control 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Security Agreement, the Control Agreement (as defined in 
such Security Agreement) and includes the MLI Control Agreement and the CGML 
Control Agreement 
“Controller” 
means a Controller as defined in the Conditions 
“Counterparty 
Event of  
Default” 
means: 
(a) the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make a payment it is 
due to make in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination in accordance 
with the relevant Facility Agreement, where such failure is not rectified within 
five Business Days following the day on which the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty receives notice of the failure sent by the Issuer, or being in any 
other breach of the Facility Agreement provided that such breach (if capable 
of being rectified) is not rectified within five Business Days of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty receiving written notice from the Issuer of such breach; 
(b) any Guarantor failing to pay an amount due under the relevant Guarantee, when 
due;  
(c) any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor suffering an Insolvency 
Event; 
(d) the expiration or termination of any Guarantee (other than where a 
replacement guarantee (or other form of credit support) acceptable to the 
Issuer and the Trustee in their sole discretion is provided to the Issuer in lieu of 
a Guarantee upon or prior to such expiration or termination) or the failing or 
ceasing of a Guarantee to be in full force and effect for the purpose of the 
relevant Facility Agreement, in each case other than in accordance with its 
terms, prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty under the Facility Agreement to which such Guarantee relates 
and without the written consent of the Issuer (and this paragraph shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to any replacement guarantee (or other form of credit 
support)); 
(e) in the case of MLI, a Counterparty Default (as defined in the MLI Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement) and, in the case of CGML, a Counterparty 
Default (as defined in the CGML Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement); or 
(f) the occurrence of certain events of default under the relevant Security

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Agreement with it being, inter alia, (i) such Commodity Contract Counterparty 
failing to transfer Collateral to the Collateral Account when due, and (ii) the 
applicable Security Agreement expiring or terminating or failing or ceasing to 
be in full force and effect prior to the termination of the relevant Facility 
Agreement and the relevant Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement and the 
satisfaction of the obligations detailed in such Security Agreement 
(g) if notice is given to terminate any Guarantee, such termination to become 
effective less than five days after the date of receipt of the notice, other than 
where prior to the date of the notice a replacement guarantee (or other form of 
credit support) acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion is provided to the 
Issuer in lieu of such Guarantee, where such notice is given prior to the 
satisfaction of all obligations of the Commodity Contract Counterparty under 
the Facility Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and without the written 
consent of the Issuer (and this paragraph (g) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
any replacement guarantee (or other form of credit support)) 
“Creation 
Amounts” 
means the amounts due to the Issuer pursuant to a Creation Notice 
“Creation  
Limits” 
means the limits under the Facility Agreements on creation of Commodity 
Contracts (and corresponding limits on issue of Micro and Commodity Securities), 
as set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) under the heading 
“Applications and Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit” 
“Creation  
Notice” 
means a notice sent by the Issuer to a Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant 
to a Facility Agreement creating the Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts 
corresponding with the Commodity Securities referred to in such Creation Notice  
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities 
in Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
“Defaulted 
Obligation” 
means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect of the 
Redemption of any Micro and Commodity Securities when due, and such failure is 
not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same 
provided that if the amount paid by a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the 
terms of a Facility Agreement in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination as 
a result of such Redemption is subject to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any 
authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the 
practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect, and that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty is not obliged under that Facility Agreement to 
make any additional payment in respect of the withholding or deduction and the net 
amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that 
Redemption, that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation 
“Designated 
Contract” 
means, for each commodity represented in the Commodity Indices and for each 
Individual Commodity Index, the futures contract series which is used for the 
calculation of those indices, as set out in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) in Table 2a (Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), in 
the column headed “Designated Contract and (Exchange Code)” or, in the case of 
the Multi-Tenor Index, as set out in Tables 4 and 5 
“Designated 
Month  
Contract” 
means a futures contract, being a Designated Contract, for delivery in a particular 
month, which is used for the calculation of the Commodity Indices and the Individual 
Commodity Indices, as set out in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) 
in Table 2a (Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), in the column 
headed “Designated Month Contracts” or, in the case of the Multi-Tenor Index, as 
set out in Tables 4 and 5 
“Direct 
Agreement” 
means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
and an Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an 
Authorised Participant

--- Page 43 ---
43 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document the persons 
whose names are listed as such in “Directors, Secretary and Advisers” below 
“Documents” 
means this document, the Trust Instrument, the Security Deeds, all Authorised 
Participant Agreements, all Security Assignments, each Facility Agreement, each 
Security Agreement, each Control Agreement, the Registrar Agreement, the 
Services Agreement, the Administration Agreement and the Licence Agreement 
“ECIPs” 
means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the effective percentage weights of the 
constituent commodities in that Commodity Index from time to time as published by 
Bloomberg and/or UBS Securities (or as determined by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements if no such percentage weights 
have been so published) 
“Eligible Equities” 
in relation to any Security Agreement or Control Agreement has the meaning given 
to that expression in the relevant Security Agreement, being common or preferred 
shares that are constituents of the indices set out in the relevant Control Agreement 
or global depositary receipts whose underlying common or preferred shares are 
constituents of such indices 
 
“Eligible 
Money 
Market Funds” 
means securities in the form of redeemable securities in a pooled investment fund 
representing the security-holder’s proportional interest in the fund’s net assets and 
that are issued and redeemed only on the basis of the market value of the fund’s 
net assets prepared each business day after the security-holder makes its 
investment commitment or redemption request to the fund, if: 
(a) the fund’s investments are limited to the following: 
 
i 
securities that are issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed as to the timely 
payment of principal and interest by, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 
and immediately-available cash funds denominated in US Dollars; or 
 
ii 
securities denominated in a common currency and issued by, or fully 
guaranteed as to the payment of principal and interest by, the European 
Central Bank or an Eligible Sovereign Entity that is assigned no higher than 
a 20 per cent. risk weight under the capital rules applicable to swap dealers 
subject to regulation by a prudential regulator, and immediately-available 
cash funds denominated in the same currency; and 
 
(b) assets of the fund may not be transferred through securities lending, securities 
borrowing, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or other 
means that involve the fund having rights to acquire the same or similar assets 
from the transferee 
 
“Eligible 
Sovereign  
Entity” 
means a national bond or government agency bond issuer which is incorporated 
or established in one of the following countries: 
 
(a) G10: Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Sweden, 
Switzerland, United Kingdom, USA; and 
 
(b) Non-G10: Austria, Australia, Denmark, Finland, Luxembourg, New Zealand, 
Norway, Portugal, Spain 
 
“Equivalent 
Number” 
means in relation to the issue and redemption of Commodity Securities the 
numbers and classes of Commodity Contracts equal to the number and classes of 
Micro Securities comprised in the Commodity Securities in question

--- Page 44 ---
44 
“ESES” 
means Euroclear Settlement for Euronext-zone Securities 
 
“ETFSL” 
means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 88370 
“EU  
Benchmarks 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds 
“Euronext Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublinj 
“Ex Classic  
Index  
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture & Livestock Index 
Securities, the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Industrial Metals Index 
Securities, the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Precious Metals Index 
Securities, the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture Index Securities, 
the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Livestock Index Securities, the 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Softs Index Securities, the WisdomTree 
Broad Commodities Ex-Grains Index Securities and the WisdomTree Broad 
Commodities Ex-Petroleum Index Securities 
“Exchange” 
means CBOT, CME, COMEX, LME, ICE Futures U.S. or NYMEX, as the case may 
be, and “Exchanges” means all of them 
“Exchange 
Regulations” 
means the rules, regulations, contract terms and conditions adopted by the 
Exchanges from time to time 
“Exempt  
Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an Authorised 
Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business comprising a regulated 
activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person 
as a result of a provision of the FSMA or associated secondary legislation 
 
“Extended 
Voluntary 
Rebalancing” 
means a Voluntary Rebalancing which the Issuer has determined should be 
conducted over the same days as if a Required Rebalancing was occurring in that 
month 
“Extraordinary 
Resolution” 
means in respect of a particular type or particular types taken together of Micro and 
Commodity Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting 
of the holders of Micro and Commodity Securities of such type or types and carried 
by a majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Price (or if 
no Price was determined on the day of that meeting, the most recently determined 
Price) of the Micro and Commodity Securities of such type or types voting on such 
resolution or (b) a resolution in writing of holders of such type or types of Micro and 
Commodity Securities holding not less than 75 per cent. by Price (as at the date of 
the last signature (or if no Price was determined on that date, the most recently 
determined Price)) of such type or types of Micro and Commodity Securities, and 
in the cases of (a) and (b) where so provided for in the Trust Instrument or the 
Conditions, holders of Index Securities or Individual Securities may for these 
purposes be treated as holders of the relevant type or types of Micro Securities 
comprised therein 
“Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreements of that name between the Issuer and different Commodity 
Contract Counterparties providing for the creation and termination of Commodity 
Contracts thereunder including the MLI Facility Agreement and the CGML Facility 
Agreement 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom 
“FCA Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in the FCA 
Handbook 
“FCA  
Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance as amended 
“Final Terms” 
means a document constituting “final terms” relating to an issue of Micro and 
Commodity Securities in or substantially in the form annexed hereto and for final

--- Page 45 ---
45 
terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party for use in a Europe 
Economic Area State means final terms within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for final terms delivered to the FCA or any other party for use in the 
United Kingdom means final terms within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules. 
“FSMA” 
means Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom 
“Full Pricing  
Day” 
means a day which is a Pricing Day in respect of all Individual Commodity 
Indices 
“General  
Trading Day” 
means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to time (and 
meaning as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on which the sum of the 
CIPs for those Index Commodities that are open for trading is greater than 50 per 
cent.” where “Index Commodities” has the meaning given to it in the Handbook) 
“Guarantee” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantee or other 
credit support agreement that may be provided by a guarantor or other credit 
support provider in respect of such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations 
under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the Pool and in respect 
of MLI includes the BAC Guarantee and in respect of CGML includes the Citigroup 
Guarantee. References in this Prospectus to ‘Guarantees’ are to the BAC 
Guarantee and the Citigroup Guarantee 
“Guarantor” 
means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantor or other 
credit support provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of such 
Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility 
Agreement insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool 
“Handbook” 
means the document entitled “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Family” which sets out the methodology for calculation of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM, Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and the 
Individual Commodity Indices, prepared and as amended from time to time by 
Bloomberg, a copy of which, as at the date of this Prospectus, can be obtained 
from 
the 
following 
address: 
https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices/bloomberg- commodity-
index-family/ and includes the document entitled “Index Methodology –Bloomberg 
WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor Index” prepared and as amended, varied, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time by Bloomberg 
“Hedge Roll  
Day”  
means each of the fifth to ninth (inclusive) General Trading Days of each month, 
provided that if the ninth General Trading Day of that month is not a Pricing Day 
for one or more Individual Commodity Indices, the next following Pricing Day for 
each such Individual Commodity Index shall also be a Hedge Roll Day for Micro 
Securities of that particular class 
“Hedging 
Disruption  
Event” 
means an event, circumstance or cause that a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would reasonably be expected 
to have a materially adverse effect on that Commodity Contract Counterparty’s 
ability to hedge its positions in connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or 
Commodity Contracts of the relevant class, including, without limitation, any 
limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, 
substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any hedging transaction in 
connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in 
each case whether due to market illiquidity, position limits in respect of any futures 
contract, illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory 
instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction market participants or the 
occurrence or existence of any other circumstance or event 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS Holdings (Jersey) 
Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 
106817 
“holding 
company” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 of the 
United Kingdom 
“ICE” 
means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
“ICE Futures  
U.S.” 
means ICE Futures U.S. (formerly the New York Board of Trade (NYBOT)), a 
subsidiary of ICE 
“Index  
Oversight 
Committee” 
means in respect of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM the committee which 
reviews and approves the Handbook and the target composition of the revised Index 
each year, as described in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) under 
the heading “Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices” 
“Index  
Securities” 
means together the Classic Index Securities and the Longer Dated Index 
Securities 
 
“Individual 
Commodity  
Index” 
means an index for an individual commodity (as adjusted through the addition or 
removal of other Individual Commodity Indices), as calculated and published by 
Bloomberg from time to time, in each case more information on which is set out in 
Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) and in relation to a class of Micro 
Securities (and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts) means the 
Individual Commodity Index specified in relation to such class in the Sixth Schedule 
(Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument 
“Individual 
Securities” 
means together the Classic Individual Securities and the Longer Dated Individual 
Securities 
“Insolvency 
Event” 
means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person (1) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) institutes or 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a 
resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(7) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (1) to (7) above 
(inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, 
approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts 
“Investment 
Company Act” 
means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the United States 
“Issuer” 
means WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited (formerly ETFS Commodity 
Securities Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey with 
registered number 90959 
“Issuer  
Business Day” 
means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London Business Day 
“Issuer  
Insolvency  
Event” 
means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or 
fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become 
due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against it declaring the assets

--- Page 47 ---
47 
of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 
1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or 
petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of 
the institution or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-
up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any 
event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an 
analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) (inclusive); or 
(10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; provided that no action taken by the 
Trustee in respect of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event save 
where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of (1) to (9) above and are taken 
in respect of security taken over Commodity Contracts, a Facility Agreement or a 
Guarantee 
“Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
“KS 
Micro 
Securities” 
means the Kansas Wheat Micro Securities, the Soybean Meal Micro Securities, the 
Kansas Wheat Micro Longer Dated Securities and the Soybean Meal Micro Longer 
Dated Securities 
“KS Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Kansas Wheat Individual Securities, the WisdomTree 
Soybean Meal Individual Securities, the WisdomTree Kansas Wheat Longer Dated 
Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Soybean Meal Longer Dated Individual 
Securities 
“Lead Future” 
means for each Individual Commodity Index and each Trading Day, the particular 
futures contract which is the “Lead Future” or "Lead Contract" (as defined in the 
Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index 
“Licence 
Agreement” 
means the licence agreement dated as of 13 February 2018 between Bloomberg 
Finance L.P., UBS Securities and ManJer, under which Bloomberg and UBS 
Securities have granted to ManJer and the Issuer the right to use and refer to the 
Commodity Indices, and certain intellectual property of Bloomberg and UBS 
Securities, in relation to (inter alia) Micro and Commodity Securities 
“Licence 
Allowance” 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to ManJer to be applied in paying fees to 
Bloomberg under the Licence Agreement, as set out in Part 1 (General) under 
“Management Fee and Licence Allowance”, as that amount may be adjusted from 
time to time 
“Listing” 
means the admission of a particular type of Micro and Commodity Securities to the 
UK Official List in accordance with the Listing Rules and admission of a particular 
type of Micro and Commodity Securities to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s 
market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange 
has at any time more than one such market) becoming effective 
“Listing Failure” 
means the refusal of the FCA to admit to the UK Official List any Micro or 
Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme 
“Listing 
Failure 
Date” 
means the day which was or would have been the date on which payment would 
have been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant to the terms of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Facility Agreement corresponding to the Micro or Commodity Securities in respect 
of which a Listing Failure has occurred 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA from time to time, made under section 73A of 
the FSMA 
“LME” 
means The London Metal Exchange Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates 
“London  
Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
the transaction of general business in London 
“London 
Stock 
Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or any of such 
markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such 
market), as the context may require 
“Longer 
Dated 
Commodity 
Contract” 
means in relation to Micro Longer Dated Securities of a particular class (or 
Longer Dated Commodity Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro 
Longer Dated Securities of that class), a contract between the Issuer and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty created in accordance with a Facility Agreement 
and giving rise to matching rights and obligations to such Micro Longer Dated 
Securities 
“Longer 
Dated 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Longer Dated Individual Securities and Longer Dated Index Securities 
“Longer 
Dated 
Index  
Securities” 
means an Index Security of a category specified in the relevant list in paragraph 5 
of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Longer 
Dated 
Individual 
Securities” 
means an Individual Security of a class specified in the relevant list in paragraph 5 
of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Longer 
Dated 
Micro 
and 
Commodity 
Securities” 
or 
“Longer 
Dated 
Securities” 
means Micro Longer Dated Securities, Longer Dated Index Securities and Longer 
Dated Individual Securities and “Longer Dated Micro or Commodity Securities” 
means any of them 
“Main Market” 
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
“Management  
Fee” 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer in consideration 
for the provision by ManJer of all management and administration services in 
relation to the Programme, as set out in Part 1 (General) under “Management Fee 
and Licence Allowance”, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS Management 
Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and registered in Jersey on 
16 November 2010, with registered number 106921 
“Market  
Disruption Day” 
means, in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a Trading Day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing, in the Relevant Market on the 
Relevant Exchange for that Individual Commodity Index 
“Market  
Disruption  
Event” 
means, in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index, any of the following 
events: 
(a) the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or publish the relevant 
Settlement Price(s); or 
 
(b) the termination or suspension of, or material limitation or disruption in the 
trading of, any Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of an 
Individual Commodity Index; or 
 
(c) the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation 
of the Individual Commodity Index reflects the maximum permitted price

--- Page 49 ---
49 
change (as set from time to time by the Relevant Exchange for that Lead Future 
or Next Future) from the previous day’s Settlement Price 
 
“Micro 
and 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means Micro Securities, Index Securities and Individual Securities and “Micro or 
Commodity Securities” means any of them 
“Micro Classic 
Securities” 
means a Micro Security of a class specified in the relevant list in paragraph 5  
of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Micro 
Longer 
Dated  
Securities” 
means a Micro Security of a class specified in the relevant list in paragraph 5 of 
Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Micro  
Securities” 
means together the Micro Classic Securities and the Micro Longer Dated 
Securities 
“MiFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive), 
as amended 
“Minimum 
Creation  
Amount” 
means the minimum amount stipulated under the Facility Agreements for creation 
of Commodity Contracts (and the corresponding minima on the issue of Commodity 
Securities), as set out under the heading “Applications and Redemptions – 
Application Processes” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) 
“MLI” 
means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales with number 2312079 whose registered office is at 2 King 
Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom and includes its successors 
and assigns 
“MLI 
Capital 
Adjustment 
Agreement” 
means the agreement entitled “Capital Adjustment Agreement relating to Classic 
and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts” dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer 
and MLI 
“MLI 
Control 
Agreement” 
means the collateral account control agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
MLI and the Securities Intermediary dated 29 June 2017 
“MLI 
Facility 
Agreement” 
means the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI
“MLI 
Security 
Agreement” 
means the security agreement dated as of 29 June 2017 which is in relation to and 
supplements the MLI Facility Agreement and the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility 
Agreement 
“MLI 
Short 
and 
Leveraged  
Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI entitled 
“MLI Facility Agreement relating to Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts” 
“month” 
means calendar month 
“Moody’s” 
means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business 
thereof) 
“Multi-Tenor 
Index” 
means the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor Excess Return Index (BBG 
Index Ticker: BCLMTER Index) 
“Multiplier” 
means the number determined in accordance with Condition 6 
“New 
Micro 
Securities” 
or 
“WTI Crude Oil A 
Micro 
Classic 
Securities” 
means the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities, being WTI Crude Oil A class undated 
limited recourse secured debt securities constituted pursuant to the WTI Crude Oil 
A Supplemental Trust Instrument and the Trust Instrument 
“New 
York 
Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
the transaction of general business in New York

--- Page 50 ---
50 
“Next Future” 
means for each Individual Commodity Index and each Trading Day, the particular 
futures contract which is the “Next Future” or “Next Contract” (as defined in the 
Handbook) for that Individual Commodity Index on that Trading Day 
“Notice  
Deadline” 
means, on a General Trading Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such other time 
determined by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular General 
Trading Day or generally  
“NYMEX” 
means New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., including its wholly owned 
subsidiary Commodity Exchange Inc. 
“Official List” 
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin 
“Original  
Index” 
the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM (BBG Index Ticker: BCOMCL Index) 
“outstanding” 
means in relation to each type of Micro or Commodity Securities, all the Micro or 
Commodity Securities of that type issued and in respect of which there is for the 
time being an entry in the Register other than: 
(a) Micro or Commodity Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and 
(b) Micro or Commodity Securities which have been purchased and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
PROVIDED THAT for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of 
the Security Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of the Trust 
Instrument, Micro and Commodity Securities (if any) which are for the time being 
held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, 
(C) ETFSL or a Guarantor, (D) any subsidiary of the Issuer or of a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, (E) any individual Controller of the Issuer or Guarantor or 
(F) any person controlled by any such persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and 
accordingly the holders of such Micro and Commodity Securities shall be deemed 
not to be Security Holders 
 
“Overseas 
Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in Section 19 of 
the FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United Kingdom, 
whose head office is situated outside the United Kingdom and whose ordinary 
business involves carrying on activities of the kind specified by any of articles 14, 
21, 25, 37, 40, 45, 51, 52 and 53 or, so far as relevant to any of those articles, article 
64 of the RAO (or would do so apart from any exclusion from any of those articles 
made by the RAO)  
“Pool” 
means a separate fund or pool to which Micro Securities of a particular class (and 
Commodity Securities to the extent that they are comprised of that class of Micro 
Securities) are attributable 
“Pool Factor” 
means at any time in respect of any Pool and the Micro Securities and Individual 
Securities and Index Securities (to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of 
that class) attributable to that Pool the number determined as at that time in 
accordance with Conditions 5.4 and 20.3 and more information on which is set out 
under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Micro and Commodity Securities” 
in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) 
“Price” 
means: 
(a) for a Micro Security or a class of Micro Securities, the price determined in 
accordance with Condition 5; and 
(b) for a Commodity Security or type of Commodity Securities, the sum of the Prices 
of each and every Micro Security comprised in that Commodity Security or that 
type of Commodity Securities;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
and “Pricing” (other than when used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) 
shall be construed accordingly 
“Pricing Day” 
means, for each class of Micro Securities, a Trading Day for the Individual 
Commodity Index applicable to that class of Micro Securities that is not a Market 
Disruption Day for that Individual Commodity Index (other than a Market Disruption 
Day for which a substitute value for that Individual Commodity Index is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Facility 
Agreements) 
“Pricing  
Notice” 
means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice 
“Principal 
Amount” 
in respect of each Micro Security and each Individual Security means the amount 
specified as such in respect of such Micro Security or Individual Security as set out 
in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) and in respect of each Index 
Security means the amount specified as such in respect of such Index Security 
subject to adjustment on Rebalancing as provided for in the Conditions, currently 
being as set out in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information) 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issuance of Commodity Securities described in 
this document 
“Prohibited  
Benefit 
Plan 
Investor” 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of the United 
States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), 
subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, 
“Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the 
foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 
3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such 
entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any United States federal, 
state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Micro or Commodity Securities 
on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity 
“Prohibited 
US 
Person” 
means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who holds 
Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a Qualified 
Purchaser 
“Prospectus” 
means this base prospectus of the Issuer 
“Prospectus 
Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
“Prospectus 
Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
“Prospectus 
Regulation  
Rules” 
means the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time, made under 
sections 73A and 84 of FSMA 
“Qualified 
Purchaser” 
means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company Act 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 
2001 (as amended, modified or re-enacted from time to time) made under the 
FSMA 
“Rebalancing” 
means an adjustment to the number (and if applicable classes) of Micro Securities 
comprised in an Index Security and the Principal Amount of an Index Security, in 
accordance with Condition 14 and more information on which is set out in Part 4 
(Description of Commodity Securities) under the heading “Rebalancing of Index 
Securities” 
“Rebalancing 
Calculation  
Date” 
means, for a Required Rebalancing and for an Extended Voluntary Rebalancing, 
the fourth General Trading Day of the month in which the Rebalancing is to be 
effected (or, if that day is not a Full Pricing Day, the first prior Full Pricing Day); and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
for any other Voluntary Rebalancing, the first General Trading Day following the 
last Hedge Roll Day of the relevant month 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly) 
“Redemption 
Amount” 
means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the 
Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities, as may be reduced for any 
withholdings or deductions for or on account of tax as set out in Condition 10.5 
“Redemption  
Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon Redemption of Micro and 
Commodity Securities in accordance with Condition 11 and on which more 
information can be found under the heading “Application Fees and Redemption 
Fees” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) 
“Redemption 
Form” 
means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption Form in the 
form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance with the 
Conditions, as the case may be 
“Redemption 
Instructions” 
means the instructions provided by a Security Holder redeeming Micro and 
Commodity Securities to the Registrar in a form approved by the Issuer 
“Redemption 
Limits” 
means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 8.7 and on which more 
information is set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) under the 
heading “Applications and Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit”
“Redemption 
Payment Date” 
means: 
(a) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form, the 
second London Business Day following such Pricing Date, provided that if 
either that day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York 
Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day 
next following the day that would have been the Redemption Payment Date but 
for this proviso; or 
(b) in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, the 
London Business Day specified for such payment in that form; provided that 
the date so specified shall be not earlier than one London Business Day 
following the day upon which that form was deemed to have been received by 
the Issuer; or 
(c) in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure, the second 
London Business Day following the relevant Listing Failure Date; provided that 
if either that day or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York 
Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day 
next following the day that would have been the Redemption Payment Date but 
for this proviso, or such other Business Day as may be agreed by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant who 
submitted the relevant Redemption Form; or 
(d) in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date, the London Business Day which is the second London 
Business Day following such last Pricing Date, provided that if either that day 
or the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day 
then the Redemption Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next 
following the day that would have been the Redemption Payment Date but 
for this proviso 
 
“Registered 
Address” 
means, in relation to a Security Holder, the address recorded in the Register for 
that Security Holder or where there is more than one Security Holder registered in 
respect of any Micro and Commodity Securities, the address recorded in the 
Register for the first named Security Holder in respect of those Micro and 
Commodity Securities 
“Registers” 
means the registers of Security Holders of each type kept and maintained by the 
Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as 
may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers 
“Registrar 
Agreement” 
means the registrar agreement dated 14 December 2012 between the Registrar, 
the Issuer and the Trustee 
“Regulated 
Market” 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended 
“Regulations” 
means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including 
any modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for 
the time being in force which, inter alia, enable title to Classic and Longer Dated 
Commodity Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by a certificate and 
transferred otherwise than by a written instrument 
“Relevant 
Commodity  
Index” 
 
means in the case of Classic Securities the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and in 
the case of Longer Dated Securities the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM 
“Relevant 
Exchange” 
means, for each Individual Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which is 
traded the futures contract by reference to the prices of which that Individual 
Commodity Index is calculated and on which more information is set out in Part 3 
(The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) under the heading “Designated 
Contracts” in Table 2a (Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts), in 
the column headed “Relevant Exchange” or, in the case of the Multi-Tenor Index, 
as set out in Tables 4 and 5 
“Relevant  
Market” 
means, in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the futures exchange on 
which is traded the futures contract by reference to the prices of which that 
Individual Commodity Index is calculated 
“Required 
Rebalancing” 
means, with respect to an Index Security, a Rebalancing necessitated by and 
carried out in conjunction with a rebalancing of the Relevant Commodity Index 
“Required  
Security 
Document” 
means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty requires the Issuer to execute over the Property to be Assigned (as 
defined in the Conditions) in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty as security for the Secured Obligations (which may include, but shall 
not be limited to, a Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or proposed Authorised Participant) or of 
the branch through which such person is acting for the purposes of such Authorised 
Participant Agreement (as the case may be) 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing 
Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
“Roll Period” 
means the dates on which for the purposes of calculating the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM and related indices the futures contracts used are “rolled” from 
the Lead Future to the Next Future in accordance with the Handbook, normally 
being in respect of a month each of the sixth to tenth (inclusive) General Trading 
Days of that month 
“S&P” 
means S&P Global Ratings (formerly known as Standard & Poor’s Rating 
Services), a division of S&P Global, Inc. (or any successor to the ratings business 
thereof) 
“Secured 
Obligations” 
means: 
all present and future obligations (which, for the avoidance of doubt, are all limited 
recourse obligations) of the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty on account of Creation Amounts and interest thereon; and 
all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and expenses sustained, 
suffered or incurred by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty arising out 
of or in connection with any act, matter or thing done or omitted to be done by the 
Issuer under the Facility Agreement or the Security Assignment

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“Secured 
Property” 
means (in respect of Micro Securities of any class and of CommoditySecurities to 
the extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities 
is calculated by reference to Micro Securities of the corresponding class) all rights 
of the Issuer under the corresponding Facility Agreement(s), Commodity Contracts, 
any Guarantee, the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement to the extent 
that they apply to payments due in respect of Micro and Commodity Securities of 
that type, or any part thereof, and which are subject to the security created in favour 
of the Trustee pursuant to the applicable Security Deed 
“Securities  
Act” 
means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States 
“Security” 
means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the applicable Security 
Deed 
“Security 
Agreement” 
means, in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement supplemental to that 
Facility Agreement, such security agreement and includes the MLI Security 
Agreement and the CGML Security Agreement 
“Security 
Assignment” 
means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and each 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment pertaining to that 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies in relation to that Commodity 
Contract Counterparty entered into between the Issuer and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and securing the Secured Obligations of the 
Issuer to that Commodity Contract Counterparty 
“Security 
Conditions” 
means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, that (a) each Required Security Document with respect to 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Commodity Contract 
Counterparty has been duly executed by the Issuer, (b) notice (duly executed by 
the Issuer) of each such Required Security Document has been duly given by the 
Issuer to such proposed Authorised Participant and (c) such proposed Authorised 
Participant has executed an acknowledgement of such notice in favour of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
“Security  
Deed” 
means in respect of each Pool and the corresponding class of Commodity 
Contracts, the security deed pertaining to that Pool entered into between the Issuer 
and the Trustee 
“Security  
Holder” 
means a registered holder of Micro or Commodity Securities 
“Services 
Agreement” 
means the Services Agreement dated 14 December 2012 between ManJer and 
the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by ManJer to the Issuer in 
relation to Micro and Commodity Securities 
“Settlement  
Price” 
means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded on a Relevant 
Exchange, the official settlement price of the Relevant Exchange for such day in 
relation to such futures contract as determined in accordance with the regulations 
of the Relevant Exchange 
“Settlement 
Pricing” 
has the meaning given in Condition 8.1(a) 
“Settlement 
Redemption  
Form” 
means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for requesting 
Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing 
 
“Short 
and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Contracts” 
has the meaning given to “Commodity Contracts” in the conditions of the Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities 
“Short 
and 
Leveraged 
Commodity 
Securities” 
means the securities of the Issuer known as Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities constituted by the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument as more fully 
described in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 May 2020

--- Page 55 ---
55 
“Short 
and 
Leveraged  
Facility 
Agreement” 
means the agreements entitled “Facility Agreement relating to Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and different persons defined for the 
purposes of the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument as Commodity Contract 
Counterparties providing for the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts 
(as defined for the purposes of the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument), 
including the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement and the CGML Short 
and Leveraged Facility Agreement 
“Short 
and 
Leveraged  
Trust  
Instrument” 
means the trust instrument between the Issuer and the The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation plc (as trustee thereunder) dated 8 February 2008 
“Spread” 
means the spread agreed between the Issuer and each Commodity Contract 
Counterparty for the purposes of the relevant Capital Adjustment Agreement 
(currently agreed to be 0.45 per cent. per annum in respect of the Classic Securities 
and 0.6 per cent. per annum in respect of the Longer Dated Securities) 
“subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 
“Strategy” 
means each of the groups of Micro and Commodity Securities provided for in this 
Prospectus, being Classic Micro and Commodity Securities and Longer Dated 
Micro and Commodity Securities 
“System” 
means the system implemented by the Issuer for requesting the issue and 
redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities and the creation and cancellation 
of Commodity Contracts via the secure website maintained by the Issuer for such 
purpose as described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions – The 
System” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) 
“tax” 
means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and 
services tax, withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration and other 
duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, 
levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties and charges imposed or levied by a 
government or government agency 
“terminate” 
in relation to a Commodity Contract means ‘terminate’ or ‘close out’ the obligations 
established by such Commodity Contract 
“Trading Day” 
means, for each Individual Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant 
Exchange for that Individual Commodity Index is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Relevant Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time 
“Transparency 
Directive” 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
“Transparency 
Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the FCA from time to time, 
made under section 73A of the FSMA 
“Trust  
Instrument 
means the trust instrument dated 21 September 2006 between the Issuer and the 
Trustee constituting Micro and Commodity Securities 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, 
London EC2V 7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the Trust 
Instrument 
“type” 
means, in relation to Micro Securities and Individual Securities, a class thereof and, 
in relation to Index Securities, the category thereof 
“UBS Group” 
means UBS AG and its Affiliates, and includes UBS Securities 
“UBS  
Securities” 
means UBS Securities LLC, a corporation incorporated in Delaware, United States 
whose principal office is situated at 299 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10171, United 
States 
“UCITS Fund” 
means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS 
directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking for 
collective investment in transferable securities subject to that directive and includes 
a UCITS Scheme

--- Page 56 ---
56 
“UCITS Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” contained in 
the FCA Glossary 
“UK 
Listing 
Authority” 
means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes of Part 
VI of the FSMA 
“UK Official List” 
means the official list maintained by the FCA for the purposes of Part VI of FSMA 
"UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
“Unacceptable 
Authorised 
Participant” 
means an Authorised Participant in respect of which the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty has given and not withdrawn notice under the relevant 
Facility Agreement that the Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to 
such Commodity Contract Counterparty 
“Uncertificated 
Form” 
means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to which, 
by virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST 
“United  
Kingdom” or  
“UK” 
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
“United States”  
or “U.S.” 
means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of 
the United States and the District of Columbia 
“US 
Dollars” or 
“US$” 
means the lawful currency of the United States 
“US Person” 
means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
“Value” 
means, in relation to a Micro Security and a day, the Price of a Commodity Contract 
of the same class as that Micro Security on that same day 
“VAT” 
means value added tax  
“Voluntary 
Rebalancing” 
means a Rebalancing other than a Required Rebalancing 
“Website” 
means 
the 
website 
of 
Bloomberg 
at 
https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices/ 
“WTI Crude Oil 
A Supplemental 
Trust  
Instrument” 
the twenty-first supplemental trust instrument between the Issuer and the Trustee 
dated 19 June 2020 pursuant to which the New Micro Securities are constituted 
References in this document to a particular time are references to the time applicable in London, United 
Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation 
as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK 
legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 46(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be construed as 
references to the Prospectus Regulation therefore any references to the Prospectus Directive in this 
Prospectus are to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and any reference to any 
particular provision of the Prospectus Directive is to be construed accordingly. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or document includes 
a reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in this document to 
any statute or any provision of any statute includes a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or 
re-enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
6DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Stuart Bell 
Chris Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter M. Ziemba 
 
All the Directors are non-executive 
 
Secretary of the Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Corporate  
administrator 
of 
the 
Issuer 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Registered office of the 
Issuer 
and 
address 
of directors, 
secretary 
and 
corporate 
administrator 
of 
the 
Issuer 
 
The address of all the directors and of the secretary of 
the Issuer is the registered office of the Issuer, which 
is: 
Ordnance House 31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands  
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
 
 
Management 
and 
Administrative Service 
Provider 
 
WisdomTree Management Company Jersey Limited 
(formerly ETFS Management Company (Jersey) 
Limited) 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c.  
Fifth Floor 
100 Wood Street 
London EC2V 7EX 
United Kingdom 
Calculation Agent 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
Securities  
Intermediary 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Wall Street 
New York 
New York 
10286 
United States of America

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
English 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
W Legal Limited 
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
United Kingdom 
 
English 
Tax 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4QQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Jersey Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
Mourant Ozannes 
22 Grenville Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX 
Channel Islands 
 
Austrian 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Belgian 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
Janson Baugniet 
Chaussée de la Hulpe, 187 
Terhulpsesteenweg 187 
B-1170 Brussels Belgium 
 
Danish Legal Adviser 
to the Issuer 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm P/S 
Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
Dutch Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
Stibbe N.V 
Beethovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Dutch 
Listing 
and 
Paying Agent 
 
Fortis Bank (Nederland) N.V. 
Rokin 55 
1012 KK Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Finnish 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
Dittmar & Indrenius 
Pohjoisesplanadi 25 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Finland 
French Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
32 Rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
French 
Listing 
and 
Paying Agent 
 
HSBC France 
103 Avenue des Champs-Elysées 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
German 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
Skygarden 
Erika-Mann-Straße, 5 
80636 Munich 
Germany 
 
German 
Listing 
and 
Paying Agent 
 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Königsalee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
Irish Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
A&L Goodbody 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to 
the Issuer 
 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Galleria San Carlo 6 
20122 Milano 
Italy 
 
Norwegian 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
 
Wiersholm 
Dokkveien 1 
6th Floor 
0250 Oslo 
Norway 
 
Spanish 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
Cuatrecasas, Gonçalves Pereira 
c/Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Swedish 
Legal 
Advisers to the Issuer 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB 
Hamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
English 
Legal 
Advisers to the Trustee 
 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
Jersey 
Legal 
Advisers to the Trustee 
 
Ogier 
Ogier House 
The Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales 
 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
Channel Islands

--- Page 61 ---
61 
7DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the CBI and the FCA and are incorporated into this document 
by reference and are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource- 
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the 
‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed 
below are entitled ‘ETFS Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2018’ and ‘WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities Ltd – Annual Accounts 2019’) and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in paragraph 8 
of Part 13 (Additional Information): 
(i) the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2018 as 
published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 13 
March 2019; and 
(j) the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 as 
published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 15 May 
2020. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of any 
websites or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.The sections of the documents listed above 
which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in 
this Prospectus. 
Emphasis of Matter in 2019 Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer notes that the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the “2019 Issuer Accounts”) are incorporated into the Prospectus by reference. In the 
2019 Issuer Accounts, the Auditors of the Issuer included an emphasis of matter. The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is as follows:  
‘We draw attention to Note 2, Note 12(f)(i) and Note 14 of the financial statements, which 
describes the economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 
which is impacting financial markets and creating greater volatility in commodity prices. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.’ 
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Issuer Accounts are summarised, 
below. The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Issuer 
Accounts. 
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Commodity Securities fluctuates according to the 
performance of the underlying commodity index and the risk of such change in price is managed by the 
Issuer by entering into Commodity Contracts with the Commodity Contract Counterparties which match 
the liability. The Issuer therefore bears no financial risk from a change in the price of a commodity, 
commodity index or currency by reference to the futures price. However there is an inherent risk from 
the point of view of investors as the price of commodities, and thus the value of the Commodity 
Securities, may vary widely due to, amongst other things, changing supply or demand, government and 
monetary policy or intervention and global or regional political, economic or financial events.  
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and 
supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations 
from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural 
and other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people. 
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined 
above, and public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of commodities and hence the 
prices of the Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
which is fluid and rapidly changing. 
The market price of Commodity Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Commodity Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers 
are willing to quote.  
Following an analysis of the potential impact of the price of Crude Oil WTI futures, the Issuer decided 
that a significant increase in the number of relevant Commodity Securities in issue may impact on the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties’ ability to hedge the exposure under the relevant Commodity 
Contracts in these particularly volatile markets. Having regard to the interests of existing Security 
Holders in the relevant Commodity Securities, rather than potential future Security Holders, a decision 
was made to focus the attention of the Commodity Contract Counterparties on providing (and hedging) 
the current exposures rather than taking on additional exposures during this volatile period.  
As a result, on 24 April 2020 the Issuer released an announcement to the Stock Exchanges that with 
effect from 2.30pm (London time) the Issuer would temporarily no longer accept applications from 
Authorised Participants for new Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities of the following classes: 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 2x Daily Leveraged (Ticker: LOIL, ISIN: JE00BDD9Q840); and 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 1x Daily Short (Ticker: SOIL, ISIN: JE00B24DK975). 
The Issuer released a further announcement on 3 September to the Stock Exchanges that the Issuer 
was accepting applications from Authorised Participants for new Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities of the above mentioned classes.  
On 30 April 2020 the Company released a further announcement to the Stock Exchanges that with effect 
from 2.30pm (London) the Company would temporarily no longer accept applications from Authorised 
Participants for new Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Securities of the following class: 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil (Ticker: CRUD, ISIN GB00B15KXV33). 
The Issuer released a further announcement on 1 July to the Stock Exchanges that the Issuer was 
accepting applications from Authorised Participants for new Classic and Longer Dated Commodity 
Securities of the above mentioned class.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
8PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has created and is currently making available for issue 78 different types of Commodity 
Securities, of two different kinds: 
• 
Individual Securities, which track the price of a single commodity; and 
• 
Index Securities, which will track the price of a group of commodities. 
These comprise 50 different classes of Individual Securities (representing 27 different commodities and two 
different maturities) and 28 different categories of Index Securities (representing 18 different combinations 
of commodities and two different maturities). 
Commodity Securities give investors the following: 
• 
exposure to the prices of individual commodities or groups of commodities, using the particular 
futures market contracts and roll periods determined by one of the world’s leading providers of 
commodity indices; 
• 
a choice of “long” exposure of two different parts of the commodities futures curve; 
• 
exposure to a “total return”, comprising: 
• 
the return of an “excess return index” measuring the aggregate change in the prices of the 
underlying futures contracts and the roll return; 
• 
plus a collateral yield, i.e. a return equivalent to an interest return on the value invested in that 
class of the Micro and Commodity Securities; 
• 
less any fees; 
• 
exposure which is unleveraged and which changes directly with changes in the price(s) of the 
different parts of the commodity futures curve, both up and down; 
• 
pricing which is transparent, based on indices published at the end of each Business Day (and which 
in turn are based on end-of-day Settlement Prices for designated futures contracts on specified 
futures exchanges); and 
• 
securities traded on the London Stock Exchange and certain other stock exchanges. 
Commodity Securities confer no right to receive physical commodities. Rather, they are purely financial 
instruments. 
The Classic Securities (other than the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities and the WisdomTree WTI Crude 
Oil Individual Securities) by reference to the relevant classic Individual Commodity Indices (based on the 
same methodology as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM). The Longer Dated Securities are priced by 
reference to relevant 3-month forward Individual Commodity Indices which are based on the same 
methodology as the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM (which tracks the same commodities 
as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, the 
contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM in three 
calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar month for the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM). Since these two indices are exposed to different parts 
(maturities) of the futures curve, Classic Securities and Longer Dated Securities based on the same 
Individual Commodities will provide investors with different investment returns depending on the relevant 
Individual Commodity Index’s sensitivity to changes in the commodity price and rate of any backwardation 
or contango. The WTI Crude Oil A Micro Securities and the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities 
are priced by reference to the Multi-Tenor Index. 
The pricing of all Commodity Securities will be based on Individual Commodity Indices.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
The following table shows, in each box, the different types of Classic Commodity Security and Longer Dated 
Commodity Security that are available for issue. The table also shows the commodities included in the Index 
Securities: 
Table 1 — Classic and Longer Dated Securities Available for Issue: 
Securities 
  
Index Securities 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Natural Gas 
  
All Commodities 
 
Energy 
 
  
  
  
  
Ex-Agriculture
& Livestock† 
WTI Crude Oil 
  
 
 
Petroleum 
  
  
  
Brent Crude 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Unleaded Gasoline 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Heating Oil 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Gas Oil 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Aluminium 
  
 
Ex-Energy 
 
Industrial 
Metals 
  
  
  
Copper 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Zinc 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Nickel 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
Gold 
  
 
 
Precious 
Metals 
  
  
  
Silver 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Live Cattle 
  
 
 
Livestock 
  
  
  
  
Lean Hogs 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Wheat 
  
 
 
Agriculture 
  
Grains 
  
  
Kansas Wheat 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Corn 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Soybeans 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
Sugar 
  
 
 
  
Softs 
  
  
Cotton 
  
 
 
  
  
  
Coffee 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Soybean Oil 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Soybean Meal 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Cocoa* 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Lead* 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Platinum* 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Tin* 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
* 
Longer Dated Commodity Securities of these classes are not currently available for issue and Micro Securities of these classes 
are not currently comprised in any category or categories of Index Securities 
† Longer Dated Index Securities of this category are not currently available for issue.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
In addition seven further categories of Classic Index Securities are currently available for issue relating to all 
the commodities included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM other than those in one or two particular 
sectors (so for example the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture & Livestock includes all the 
commodities included in Energy, Precious Metals and Industrial Metals but not those in Agriculture or 
Livestock and the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Industrial Metals includes all the commodities 
included in Energy, Petroleum, Precious Metals, Livestock, Agriculture, Grains and Softs but not those in 
Industrial Metals). 
Pricing and Trading of Commodity Securities 
Individual Securities 
Index Securities 
The Price of all categories of Index Security will be the sum of the Prices for the Micro Securities comprised 
therein, as detailed in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities). 
Further information on the pricing of Micro and Commodity Securities is set out in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities) and worked examples are provided in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine 
the value of their investment?). 
Publication of Pricing Information 
The Prices, Multipliers and the Capital Adjustments for all types of Commodity Securities will be calculated 
by or on behalf of the Issuer as at the end of each Pricing Day for the components of each type of Commodity 
Securities. 
The Issuer’s calculations of the Prices, Multipliers and the Capital Adjustments will be posted on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
Listing and Trading 
All Micro and Commodity Securities are fully transferable. Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for 
all Micro and Commodity Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities there. The Issuer has also applied to the FCA for all of the Micro Securities and 
Commodity Securities to be issued within 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to the 
UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange, which operates a Regulated Market, for all of such Micro 
Securities and Commodity Securities to be admitted to trading on its Main Market which is part of its 
Regulated Market for listed securities (being securities admitted to the UK Official List).  
Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market are 
not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. In addition, investors should be 
aware that, it is intended that an active secondary market on the Main Market will develop only in Commodity 
Securities (and not Micro Securities). The role of Micro Securities is explained in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities) under the heading “Commodity Securities are Priced by Reference to Micro 
Securities”. Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website 
of the London Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com.Certain of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities have also been admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam, on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse), on NYSE Euronext Paris SA and on the ETFplus market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. Further 
disclosure is set out under the heading “Listing” in Part 6 (The Programme). 
Each class of Commodity Securities traded on the London Stock Exchange may have different market 
makers, bid/offer spreads and depth of liquidity and may be traded using different platforms. The Issuer 
hopes that some of the more liquid Commodity Securities will be traded on the Sets-MM platform but can

--- Page 66 ---
66 
give no assurance as to which Commodity Securities might attract the most and the least amount of trading 
activity. 
Commodity Contracts and Facility Agreements 
To achieve a return based on the movements of the relevant Commodity Index and to match the liability of 
the Issuer to Security Holders upon redemption, Commodity Securities will be backed by Commodity 
Contracts with corresponding terms. Each time Micro and Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed by 
the Issuer, corresponding Commodity Contracts will be created or terminated by the Issuer under a Facility 
Agreement. 
All Commodity Contracts of a particular class will be attributable to the same Pool as the existing Commodity 
Contracts of that class and newly issued Micro and Commodity Securities will be backed by the same assets 
(including the newly created and existing Commodity Contracts of that class) as the existing Micro and 
Commodity Securities of that class. 
The Issuer has entered into a Facility Agreement with MLI and a Facility Agreement with CGML (MLI and 
CGML respectively as the counterparty to the Commodity Contracts). The Issuer has also entered into 
Security Agreements with MLI and CGML and Control Agreements with MLI and The Bank of New York 
Mellon (as Securities Intermediary) and with CGML and The Bank of New York Mellon (as Securities 
Intermediary), the terms of which are described below. Information relating to MLI and CGML is set out in 
Part 11 (Particulars of the Commodity Contract Counterparties). 
Under the terms of the Facility Agreements, the Issuer can create and terminate Commodity Contracts on 
a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limit (and days not being Market 
Disruption Days) and certain other conditions. Further information on the Creation Limits and the Redemption 
Limit is set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions — Creation Limits and Redemption Limit”. 
The Issuer is only permitted to issue new Commodity Securities if it can create corresponding Commodity 
Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
Further information on Commodity Contracts, the Facility Agreements, the Security Agreements and the 
Control Agreements are set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties are obliged to provide Collateral to the Issuer to support their 
obligations under the Commodity Contracts. The collateral is held in accounts in the names of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties at the Bank of New York Mellon. A description of the arrangements for 
the provision of Collateral by each Commodity Contract Counterparty under its respective Security 
Agreement and Control Agreement is set out under the heading “Provision of Collateral by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties” in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
The payment obligations of MLI under its Facility Agreement are also supported by a guarantee from Bank 
of America Corporation and the payment obligations of CGML under its Facility Agreement are also 
supported by a guarantee from CGMH. Descriptions of the BAC Guarantee and the Citigroup Guarantee 
are set out under the headings “BAC Guarantee” and “Citigroup Guarantee” respectively in Part 5 
(Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Commodity Securities 
Micro and Commodity Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust 
Instrument, the Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each type of Micro and Commodity 
Securities. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Micro Securities, the same class of Individual 
Securities and each category of Index Securities to the extent it comprises Micro Securities of that class will 
be secured by a charge over the equivalent class of Commodity Contracts held by the Issuer and over the 
rights of the Issuer in respect of those Commodity Contracts under the Facility Agreements, the Security 
Agreements and the Control Agreements.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears 
below (for simplicity, only one Commodity Contract Counterparty and Collateral Account is illustrated 
and the BAC Guarantee and Citigroup Guarantee are omitted). The principal aspects of the structure are the 
same whether the Commodity Contract Counterparty is MLI or CGML: 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Micro and Commodity 
Securities as represented by the above diagram. 
Most Security Holders will buy or sell their Commodity Securities for cash on the London Stock Exchange, 
Borsa Italiana, NYSE Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the 
Stock Exchanges on which the Micro and Commodity Securities are admitted to trading) rather than directly 
from the Issuer. Details of the exchanges on which a particular type of security can be traded are set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. Market makers provide liquidity on those stock exchanges. To aid this process, 
the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as Authorised Participant Agreements) with certain financial 
institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby it has agreed to issue Commodity Securities to those 
Authorised Participants on an on-going basis. Further details about the Authorised Participant Agreements 
are set out under the heading “Authorised Participant Agreements” in Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The creation of the Commodity Securities will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in CREST 
whereby an Authorised Participant will deliver an amount of cash to the Commodity Contract Counterparty 
equal to the Price of the Commodity Securities to be issued, in exchange for which the Issuer will issue 
Commodity Securities and deliver them to the Authorised Participant via CREST. Further details about the 
settlement of Commodity Securities can be found under the heading “Settlement” in Part 6 (The 
Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Commodity Securities on a stock exchange, sell the 
Commodity Securities in off-exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “over-the-counter” transactions) or 
keep the Commodity Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is described in more detail in Part 
4 (Description of Commodity Securities). Each time Commodity Securities are issued the Issuer will create 
corresponding Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the number of Micro or Commodity Securities of the 
relevant class issued. 
If an Authorised Participant requests the redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities, they must return 
those Micro and Commodity Securities into CREST and in return will receive from the Commodity Contract

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Counterparty an amount of cash equal to the Price (or, if higher, the Principal Amount) of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities to be redeemed less any applicable redemption fee in respect of those Micro and 
Commodity Securities. The redemption process is described in more detail in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities). 
If Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Micro and Commodity 
Securities, they must generally sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the Micro and 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading or in a private transaction. Such sale would typically be for 
cash. Generally Commodity Securities will only be issued to Authorised Participants and Authorised 
Participants only will be able to require redemption of them. In each case this will be done in return for delivery 
of cash. In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants or as the Issuer may in its sole 
discretion determine, Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require redemption of their 
securities directly with the Issuer. In this case, the Issuer will cancel a number of Commodity Contracts of 
the relevant class equal in number to the number of Commodity Securities being redeemed and use the cash 
proceeds of such cancellation to pay redemption proceeds to redeeming Security Holders. 
Applications and Redemptions 
Commodity Securities can be issued or redeemed at any time, subject to conditions (including not exceeding 
the Creation Limits and Redemption Limit), by Authorised Participants. The issue and redemption 
mechanism is intended to ensure that Commodity Securities have sufficient liquidity and that the price at 
which they trade on the London Stock Exchange tracks the relevant Price formula. Only an Authorised 
Participant may apply for or (unless there are at any given time no Authorised Participants or as otherwise 
announced by the Issuer) redeem Commodity Securities — all other persons must buy and sell Commodity 
Securities through trading on the London Stock Exchange or other relevant exchanges on which the 
Commodity Securities are admitted to trading. 
Commodity Securities can only be issued or redeemed if corresponding Commodity Contracts can be 
created or terminated. There are limits on the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts, which 
means that there are corresponding limits on the issue and redemption of Commodity Securities. 
Further information in relation to Applications and Redemptions and the Creation Limits and Redemption Limit 
is set out under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity 
Securities). 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the payment obligations of the Issuer to 
Security Holders upon redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets 
so that the Issuer can issue separate classes of securities, based on different prices or having some other 
different characteristics, but on terms that each such separate class of securities would have recourse only 
to the Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets attributable to any other class. The assets and 
liabilities attributable to each class of Micro Securities and Individual Securities (and the Index Securities to 
the extent they comprise such Micro Securities) will represent the Pool for that class. 
Thus there are 51 separate Pools currently applicable to Micro and Commodity Securities. A single Pool 
secures all Micro Securities and Individual Securities of a single class and all Index Securities to the extent 
they comprise such Micro Securities. 
Micro and Commodity Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument. The Trustee holds all rights 
and entitlements under the Trust Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a separate Security Deed in respect of each Pool. 
The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under each Security Deed are held by the Trustee on trust 
for the Security Holders of that particular type of Micro or Commodity Security. 
Under the terms of each Security Deed, the Issuer has assigned to the Trustee by way of security the 
contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class under the Facility Agreement, and granted a first-
ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Property attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights under each Facility 
Agreement, all Commodity Contracts for the relevant class created pursuant to the Facility Agreements, the 
BAC Guarantee, the Citigroup Guarantee and the rights of the Issuer under each Security Agreement and 
each Control Agreement, in each case insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool. 
The Commodity Contracts, the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control 
Agreement, the CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control 
Agreement have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any payments 
due and payable on the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
If the amounts received from the relevant Secured Property are insufficient to make payment of all amounts 
due in respect of the relevant Pool, no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet that shortfall and 
all further claims of the holders in respect of such class of Micro Securities and Individual Securities (and 
the Index Securities to the extent they comprise such Micro Securities) will be extinguished. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities). 
Further details of the Security Deeds are set out in Part 8 (Particulars of Security Deeds). 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities 
The Issuer has separately made available the Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities which have 
different characteristics as described in a separate base prospectus of the Issuer dated on or around the 
date of this Prospectus. The Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities are constituted by a separate trust 
instrument entered into between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation plc and are backed 
by commodity contracts created under a separate facility agreement or facility agreements (being the facility 
agreement relating to the facility agreement relating to Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts between 
MLI and the Issuer and the facility agreement relating to Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts 
between CGML and the Issuer). Each authorised participant in respect of the Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities is required to enter into a separate authorised participant agreement in respect of the 
Micro and Commodity Securities. Accordingly the rights attached to the Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities are separate from and different to the rights attached to the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
The Issuer and ManJer 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey on 16 August 2005 for the purpose of issuing debt 
securities the price of which is related to commodities or commodity indices and entering into the Documents 
and agreements relating to other types or classes of commodity securities. The Issuer has not been 
assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Micro and Commodity Securities will be assigned 
credit ratings. 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by HoldCo, a company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding 
company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The 
Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Issuer is 
dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further described 
below under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”. 
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently also 
provides such services to the Issuer in relation to the programme for the issue of Short and Leveraged 
Commodity Securities and to WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 Park 
Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the ultimate 
holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo. WisdomTree 
Investments, Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange traded product sponsor and asset 
manager. It also licences its indices to third parties. 
Administration and Registrar Services

--- Page 70 ---
70 
ManJer will, pursuant to the Services Agreement, supply certain management and administration services 
to the Issuer and will pay all the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including those of the 
Administrator (as defined below) and Registrar. ManJer may engage third parties to provide some or all of 
these services. The Services Agreement may be terminated by ManJer at any time on three months’ notice 
or earlier in the event of certain breaches or the insolvency of either party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was incorporated 
on 16 November 2010 and its registered office is Ordinance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 
8PW, Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
(the “Administrator”) whereby the Administrator will perform certain administration duties for the Issuer. The 
Administrator is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) law 1991 on 29 
November 1988. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar 
is to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. The 
Registrar is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) law 1991 on 2 
September 1999. 
Further, certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating 
exchange traded products and exchange traded fund companies and related service companies, in 
particular WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited and WisdomTree Issuer plc. 
Management Fee and Licence Allowance 
In return for ManJer supplying to the Issuer all management and administration services, the Issuer is liable 
under the Services Agreement to pay ManJer a fee equal to the Management Fee paid to the Issuer by the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties under the Capital Adjustment Agreements. The Management Fee, as 
at the date of this Prospectus, is 0.49 per cent. per annum of the aggregate Price on that day of all Classic 
Micro and Commodity Securities outstanding and 0.49 per cent. per annum of the aggregate Price on that 
day of all Longer Dated Micro and Commodity Securities outstanding. 
The fee rate may be varied by the Issuer from time to time. 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties will pay to the Issuer in respect of the Commodity Contracts to 
which each is party amounts equal to the Management Fee and a Licence Allowance, which will be used to 
pay licence fees to Bloomberg due under the Licence Agreement (with any difference being payable to/by 
ManJer). The Licence Allowance payable by each Commodity Contract Counterparty is 0.05 per cent. per 
annum of the aggregate daily Price of all fully paid Commodity Contracts outstanding with that Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, and this rate will be varied to match approximately the fees payable to Bloomberg 
under the Licence Agreement. 
The Issuer will only be liable to pay the fees to ManJer upon receipt of the relevant amounts from the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
The rate of the Management Fee and Licence Allowance will be reflected in the adjustments to the Capital 
Adjustment each day, commencing upon the relevant Commodity Securities first being issued. 
If the Management Fee or the Licence Allowance is amended, such amendment will be notified through an 
RIS, and will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of the RIS. 
Commodity Contract Counterparty fees 
All fees of the Commodity Contract Counterparties are embedded solely into the Capital Adjustment formula. 
However the Commodity Contract Counterparties will have the use of the funds paid to them for the creation 
of Commodity Contracts (net of redemptions) although, as described under the heading 
“Security Agreements and Control Agreements” in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and 
Commodity Contracts), the Commodity Contract Counterparties have agreed to provide Collateral in respect

--- Page 71 ---
71 
of their respective obligations under the Commodity Contracts of a value at least equal to the value of such 
obligations. 
The amount they pay for this benefit is reflected in the collateral yield that forms part of the Capital 
Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). 
The Commodity Contract Counterparties may also, on such basis as may be agreed between that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and ManJer, agree to further payments or receipts (a “Further 
Contribution”) in respect of the costs incurred by ManJer. Any such payments will not have any impact on 
holders of Commodity Securities. 
Each Commodity Contract Counterparty is responsible for all costs associated with it hedging its exposures 
and managing the cash arising from the Issuer purchasing and terminating Commodity Contracts with it at 
any time. To the extent that the fees payable to the Commodity Contract Counterparty as part of the Capital 
Adjustment (as described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the 
formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)) differs from the 
value to it of managing the exposures and having the use of cash, such Commodity Contract Counterparty 
will make a profit or loss from the transaction. 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility Agreement, 
the CGML Facility Agreement and any other Facility Agreement that may be entered into with other 
Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
More information on the role of MLI as Calculation Agent is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts) of this Prospectus under the heading “Calculation Agent”. 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors and the secretary of the Issuer at the date of this document are: 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of Manjer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and 
of WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Bell has served as Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and exchange 
traded product sponsor and asset manager. From September 2007 to January 2018, Mr Bell held a number 
positions at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of Corporate 
Communications and Investor Relations. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account executive at 
Sloane & Company from June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with university honors 
from Trinity College, Hartford, CT. 
Christopher Foulds — Non-Executive Director 
Mr Foulds is a director of HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. 
Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours degree in Mathematics with Financial 
Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) with Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where he was 
responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and business advisory engagements 
focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his departure from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a 
director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up management and support services to the 
funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily 
responsible for Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed as the Compliance Officer of the Issuer 
and WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited. He has also previously been a non-executive director of the 
Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in March 2020, Mr Foulds was the Head of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) Limited, a business providing digital asset 
investment products. 
Steven Ross — Non-Executive Director 
Mr Ross is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited 
and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree 
in Accountancy before embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 
2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number 
of assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and 
commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of 
Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration business 
and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and private 
investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a partner of 
Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
Peter M Ziemba 
Peter M Ziemba is also a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer and WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Gold 
Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has served as Executive Vice 
President — Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., 
an exchange-traded fund and exchange- traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he 
served as Executive Vice President — Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, 
and Chief Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba 
served as General Counsel to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr Ziemba presently serves on the boards of 
a number of WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a partner 
in the Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate counsel 
for WisdomTree Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr 
Ziemba received his B.A. in History with university honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum 
laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with limited 
liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other business 
activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment schemes and is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter in Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited are: 
Louise Follain  
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Steven George Ross 
Secretary 
The secretary of the Issuer is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Hilary Jones, Peter M. Ziemba, Steven Ross and 
Stuart Bell. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
The biographies of Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading “Directors and Secretary 
of the Issuer” above. The biography of Ms Jones is as follows: 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey 
in 1993. She joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in 1999 and was a director from 2009 to 2019. 
Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities 
team and at Barclays Private Bank and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones has over 30 
years’ experience in the finance sector and has extensive experience of real estate, private equity and 
special purpose vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones acts as director for a number of companies with a 
private equity or real estate focus. Ms Jones was also a director of the Issuer until April 2020 and is a non 
executive director of Manjer. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the Issuer, and Mr 
Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the Issuer. 
Mr Ross is also a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the Issuer and the 
secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the 
Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties which the 
directors and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to 
the Issuer, and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (an exchange 
traded product issuer)) and WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via segregated 
liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
Further Information 
Information regarding taxation in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey in respect of the Programme and 
Commodity Securities is set out in Part 12 (Taxation). If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it 
should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to the 
Programme and Micro and Commodity Securities.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
9PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR  
INVESTMENT? 
Pricing of Micro and Commodity Securities 
The Price of each Micro and Commodity Security reflects movements in the Commodity Indices which are 
excess return indices, adjusted by a return equivalent to an interest return on the value invested in that class 
of securities net of applicable fees (by operation of what is known as the Capital Adjustment). A description 
of the formula used to price Micro and Commodity Securities and a description of the Pool Factor, Multiplier 
and Capital Adjustment elements of the formula are set out under “Calculation of the Price” below. Worked 
examples of how to calculate the Price are set out under the heading “Worked Examples of the Calculation 
of the Price” below. These worked examples also show how the Pool Factor, Multiplier and Capital Adjustment 
are applied as part of the calculation of the Price. The formula and method of calculating the price is 
the same for all classes of Classic Commodity Securities and Longer Dated Individual Securities. 
Each Micro and Commodity Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of the Principal 
Amount of that Micro or Commodity Security and the Price P(i,t). In normal circumstances, only Authorised 
Participants are able to redeem their Micro and Commodity Securities directly with the Issuer. The value of 
Security Holder’s investment is equivalent to the amount in cash that they would receive upon a redemption 
– generally the applicable Price. The Principal Amounts of the Micro and Commodity Securities are set out in 
paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
Calculation of the Price 
The pricing formula 
The Price of an Individual Security on a day on which a Price is calculated is based on (i) the closing 
settlement price of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to such Individual Security on that day 
(represented in the formula by I(i,t); (ii) multiplied by the Multiplier (represented in the formula by M(i,t)); (ii) 
multiplied by the Pool Factor applicable to the class of such Individual Security (represented in the formula by 
PF(i,t)); and divided by 10, and so is calculated in accordance with the following formula (the “Formula”) (the 
different components of the formula are further explained below): 
 
Price(i,t) = I(i,t) x M(i,t) x PF(i,t)/10 
where: 
Price(i,t) 
is the Price of an Individual Security of the relevant class on the day on which the Price is being 
calculated; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
I(i,t) 
is the level of the Commodity Index which the relevant class of Individual Security references on 
the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
M(i,t) 
is the Multiplier applicable to the relevant class of Individual Security on the day on which the Price 
is being calculated; and 
PF(i,t) 
is the Pool Factor applicable to the relevant class of Individual Security on the day on which 
the Price is being calculated. 
The Pool Factor element of the formula 
The Pool Factor is a number that will always be 1 unless the relevant Micro and Commodity Securities are 
divided.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
The Multiplier element of the formula 
The multiplier (M(i,t)) is adjusted on each day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
M(i,t) = M(i,t-1) x (1 + CA(i,t)) 
where: 
M(i,t) 
is the Multiplier of the relevant class of Individual Security on the day on which the Multiplier is 
being calculated; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the day on which the Price is being calculated; 
M(i,t-1) 
refers to the Multiplier of the relevant class of Individual Security on the day before the day on 
which the Multiplier is being calculated; and 
CA(i,t) 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable to the relevant class of Individual Security on the day on 
which the Multiplier is being calculated. 
At any one time a Micro Security of a particular class has a price equal to one millionth of the price of the 
corresponding class of Individual Security. The price of an Index Security is the sum of the prices of the Micro 
Securities of which it is comprised. 
The Capital Adjustment element of the formula 
The Capital Adjustment forms part of the pricing formula for the Micro and Commodity Securities and will 
result in certain adjustments to the Price of a Micro and Commodity Security. 
The Capital Adjustment for each class of Individual Securities is a daily rate expressed as a percentage, which 
is agreed from time to time between each Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer, and reflects: 
(i) 
an interest return (being the Collateral Yield for that class) on the value invested in that class of 
Individual Security, currently being equal to the four-week U.S. Treasury Bill rate; 
(ii) 
the fees payable to ManJer, currently of 0.49 per cent. per annum for the services it provides under 
the Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the fees payable to the Commodity Contract Counterparties currently of 0.45 per cent. per annum in 
respect of the Classic Securities and 0.60 per cent. per annum in respect of the Longer Dated 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
the fees payable to the provider of the Commodity Indices, currently of 0.05 per cent. per annum. 
As at the date of this Prospectus the Capital Adjustment is the same for all classes of Classic Individual 
Securities and all classes of Longer Dated Individual Securities and for both Commodity Contract 
Counterparties, however, the Capital Adjustment for Longer Dated Securities is not the same as the Capital 
Adjustment for Classic Securities. In future, the Capital Adjustment could be changed so that it is different 
for all classes of Classic Securities or Longer Dated Securities or different for New Micro Securities (and 
Wisdom Tree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities). 
If the Issuer has Commodity Contracts outstanding with more than one Commodity Contract Counterparty 
in relation to any Pool, the Capital Adjustment for that Pool (and the Micro and Commodity Securities of that 
class and the Index Securities to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of that class) will be the 
weighted average of the daily adjustment on all Commodity Contracts attributable to that Pool. The Capital 
Adjustment may or may not be less than the rate of interest which an investor could earn by depositing 
funds in money markets at overnight rates, or by fully collateralising an investment in futures contracts.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
The Capital Adjustment applicable to each type of Micro and Commodity Security on any day is published 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
As at 12 Oct 2020, the Capital Adjustment and Collateral yield for all classes of Classic Individual Securities 
were -0.00257% and 0.001366% respectively and for all classes of Longer Dated individual Securities were 
-0.00298% and 0.001366% respectively. 
Worked Examples of the Calculation of the Price 
Individual Securities 
If on a particular day (t), the closing settlement price of the relevant Individual Commodity Index on the day 
on which the Price is being calculated is 1000, the Multiplier is 1 and the Pool Factor applicable to the 
WisdomTree Aluminium security is 1; then the Price of an WisdomTree Aluminium security would be 
calculated using the pricing formula as follows: 
Price(i,t) = I(i,t) x M(i,t) x PF(i,t)/10 
where: 
I(i,t) 
1000 
M(i,t) 
1 
PF(i,t) 
1 
So: 
 
Price(i,t) = (1000 x 1 x 1)/10 
Price(i,t) = 1000/10 
Price(i,t) = 100 
The Price of a WisdomTree Aluminium security on day t is therefore $100. 
Index Securities 
The Price of a WisdomTree Precious Metals index security is the sum of the Prices of the Gold Micro Classic 
Securities and Silver Micro Classic Securities of which it is comprised. An WisdomTree Precious Metals index 
security is comprised of 820,118 Gold Micro Securities and 252,695 Silver Micro Securities, equivalent to 
0.820118 WisdomTree Gold Individual Securities and 0.252695 WisdomTree Silver Individual Securities. 
Therefore, if on a particular day (t), the closing settlement prices of the relevant indices on the day on which 
the Prices of the WisdomTree Gold Individual Securities and WisdomTree Silver Individual Securities are 
being calculated are 152.7327117 and 179.2532004, respectively, the Multiplier for both classes is 
0.9954589, and the Pool Factor for both classes is 1; then the Price of the WisdomTree Precious Metals 
index security would be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = (0.820118)(I(i-gold,t) x M(i-gold,t) x PF(i,t))/10 + (0.252695)(I(i-silver,t) x M(i-silver,t) x PF(i,t))/10 
where: 
in respect of WisdomTree Gold Individual Securities: 
I(i-gold,t) 
152.7327117 
M(i,t) 
0.9954589 
PF(i,t) 
1 
in respect of WisdomTree Silver Individual Securities:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
I(i-silver,t) 
179.2532004 
M(i,t) 
0.9954589 
PF(i,t) 
1 
 
So: 
Price(i,t) = (0.820118)(152.7327117 x 0.9954589 x 1)/10 + (0.252695)(179.2532004 x 0.9954589 x 
1)/10 
Price(i,t) = (0.820118)(15.2039137) + (0.252695)(17.8439194) 
Price(i,t) = (12.4690033) + (4.5090692) 
Price(i,t) = 16.9780725 
The Price of the Precious Metals index security on day t is therefore $16.9780725. 
How the Price of an Individual Security is affected by the changes in the value of the underlying 
index 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of an Individual Security is 
affected under three different examples of normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of 
the actual future performance of the Individual Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following 
assumptions have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Individual Securities for one day. 
• 
One Individual Security is bought from a broker at a price of $10.0685. 
• 
The value of the underlying index when the Individual Security is bought is 100. 
• 
The Multiplier on the day of investment is 1.00685. 
• 
The Multiplier on the day following the investment is 1.00678. 
• 
The Pool Factor on the day of investment is 1. 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Individual Securities during the investment 
period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Individual Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s bank are 
excluded. 
• 
There is no difference between the Price of the security and that value at which it trades on exchange. 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of an Individual Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index decreases from 100 to 90 the next day. 
• 
The price of the Individual Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = (90 x 1.00678 x 1)/10 
Price(i,t) = 90.6102/10 
Price(i,t) = 9.06102

--- Page 78 ---
78 
• 
The investor sells the Individual Security and has lost $1.00748 from his/her initial investment the 
previous day. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of an Individual Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index increases by 10 to 110 the next day. 
• 
The price of the Individual Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = (110 x 1.00678 x 1)/10 
Price(i,t) = 110.7458/10 
Price(i,t) = 11.07458 
• 
The investor sells the Individual Security and has gained $1.00608 on his/her initial investment the 
previous day. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of an Individual Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index remains the same the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Individual Security for the day of ownership is $0.0007 per 
Individual Security. 
• 
The price of the Individual Security will be calculated as follows: 
Price(i,t) = (100 x 1.00678 x 1)/10 
Price(i,t) = 100.678/10 
Price(i,t) = 10.0678 
• 
The investor sells the Individual Security and has lost $0.0007 from his/her initial investment the 
previous day. 
How the Price of an Index Security is affected by the changes in the value of the underlying index 
The three different hypothetical scenarios in this section show how the price of an Index Security is affected 
under three different examples of normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual 
future performance of the Index Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions 
have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Precious Metals Index Security (“Index Security”) made up of Gold and 
Silver. 
• 
One Index Security is bought from a broker at a price of $9.921072. 
• 
The value of the underlying Bloomberg Gold Index when the Index Security is bought is 100. 
• 
The value of the underlying Bloomberg Silver Index when the Index Security is bought is 50. 
• 
The Micro Securities representing each component in the Index are 884,798 (Gold) and 201,119 
(Silver). 
• 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Index Security during the investment period. 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Index Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s bank are 
excluded. 
• 
The effect of the annual Rebalancing is that the Price of an Index Security precisely (before fees) 
tracks the related composite commodity index.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Scenario 1: Example of how the Price of an Index Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
decreases 
• 
The value of the underlying index has decreased to by 10% the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Index Security during the investment period is $0.0007 per Index 
Security. 
• 
The price of the Index Security has decreased to $8.928344. 
• 
The investor sells the Index Security and has lost $0.992728 from his/her initial investment. 
Scenario 2: Example of how the Price of an Index Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
increases 
• 
The value of the underlying index has increased by 10% the next day. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Index Security during the investment period is $0.0007 per Index 
Security. 
• 
The price of the Index Security has increased to $10.912421. 
• 
The investor sells the Index Security and has gained $0.9913485 on his/her initial investment. 
Scenario 3: Example of how the Price of an Index Security is affected if the value of the underlying index 
remains the same 
• 
The value of the underlying index has remained the same. 
• 
The sum of the fees charged on the Index Security during the investment period is $0.0007 per Index 
Security. 
• 
The price of the Index Security has decreased to $9.9203822. 
• 
The investor sells the Index Security and has lost $0.007 from his/her initial investment a year ago. 
Interest 
The Micro and Commodity Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
10PART 3 
THE BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEX FAMILY 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and Sub-Indices 
With effect from 1 July 2014, Bloomberg took over responsibility from CME Indexes for the governance, 
calculation, distribution and licensing of the specific Individual Commodity Indices known as the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family (prior to 1 July 2014, these Indices were known as the Dow-Jones UBS Commodity 
IndicesSM), by reference to which all Commodity Securities will be priced. 
The Commodity Indices and their sub-indices (including the Individual Commodity Indices) are published on 
the Website. 
The methodology used to calculate these indices is set out in the Handbook, which at the date of this 
Prospectus is available on the Website. The Commodity Indices are widely followed indices which in the 
case of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, and the Individual Commodity Indices for the commodities 
included therein, has been published since 1998, with simulated historical data calculated back to January 
1991 and in the case of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 month ForwardSM, and the 3-month forward 
Individual Commodity Indices for the commodities included therein, has been published since July 2006, with 
simulated historical data calculated back to 1991. The cocoa Individual Commodity Index has been published 
since February 2006, the lead, platinum and tin Individual Commodity Indices have been published since 
March 2008, the Brent Crude and Gas Oil Individual Commodity Indices have been published since 
December 2011, the Kansas Wheat and Soybean Meal Individual Commodity Indices have been published 
since December 2012 and June 2010 respectively, with simulated historical data calculated back to 1991. At 
the beginning of 1991 each index started at 100 and is increased or decreased each day pursuant to the 
calculation methodology set out in the Handbook by reference to prices of the relevant constituent futures 
contracts. Consequently the Individual Commodity Indices are excess return indices. 
The same input components used for the Commodity Indices are also used by Bloomberg to construct 
indices representing smaller groups of commodities and the Individual Commodity Indices. Cocoa, Lead, 
Platinum, Tin and Gas Oil are not currently included in the Commodity Indices. 
Bloomberg has established an internal Index Oversight Committee to comply with the “19 Principles for 
Financial Benchmarks” as published by the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO). 
The Index Oversight Committee consists of senior representatives from various Bloomberg business units. 
The purpose of the Index Oversight Committee is to discuss, review and challenge all aspects of the 
benchmark process. 
Additionally, an external Index Advisory Committee has been established to provide Bloomberg with 
guidance and feedback from the investment community on index products and processes. The Index 
Advisory Committee helps set index priorities, discusses potential rule changes and provides ideas for new 
business products. 
Specifically, the Index Oversight Committee reviews and approves (in consultation with the Index Advisory 
Committee) amendments to the Handbook, which sets out the procedures for determining, amongst other 
things: 
• 
the commodities to be included in the Commodity Indices; 
• 
the Exchanges and the Designated Contracts to be used to price each Individual Commodity Index; 
• 
the Roll Period for each Designated Contract; 
• 
the weighting of each commodity in the Commodity Indices; 
• 
determining when a Market Disruption Event occurs and the consequences of such; 
• 
the formulae to calculate each index; and 
• 
changes to any of the above. 
Any changes implemented by the Index Oversight Committee which are reflected in the Handbook and 
which affect the Individual Commodity Indices will be notified to Security Holders through an RIS made 
as soon as practical after the change is notified to the Issuer. 
Composition and Weightings

--- Page 81 ---
81 
The weightings of the components in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, and hence in the composite sub -
indices, are subject to change periodically. Apart from changes to the weightings, there can be changes to 
the actual commodities and Designated Contracts included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. At 
present there are 27 commodity futures eligible for inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM but four 
of those commodities (cocoa, lead, platinum and tin) are currently not included in the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM. Bloomberg also calculates (in conjunction with UBS Securities) and publishes Individual 
Commodity Indices for two other commodities (orange juice and feeder cattle) not currently eligible for 
inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. The same commodities and unit weightings as are used in 
the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are also used in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and 
hence in the composite 3-month forward sub-indices. 
A complete description of the procedures involved in recalculating the composition of the Commodity Indices 
each year is set out in the Handbook and the appendices thereto. As part of those procedures, the following 
diversification rules are applied in determining the Commodity Index Percentages (CIPs), i.e. the weights, 
in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM: 
• 
no single commodity may constitute less than 2 per cent. (as liquidity allows) or more than 15 per 
cent. of the Index; 
• 
no single commodity, together with its derivatives (e.g., crude oil, together with heating oil and 
gasoline), may constitute more than 25 per cent. of the Index; and 
• 
no related group of commodities (e.g., energy, precious metals, livestock or grains) may constitute 
more than 33 per cent. of the Index. 
The Commodity Indices are re-balanced annually on a price percentage basis, within the confines of the 
above parameters, and each sub-index is rebalanced proportionally (without any further limitations on the 
weights). At the time of a rebalancing of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, it is possible that additional 
commodities not presently represented in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM will be added, or that one or 
more commodities presently represented will be removed. 
Whenever the Commodity Indices are rebalanced, the corresponding Index Securities will also be 
Rebalanced as explained in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) under the heading “Rebalancing 
of Index Securities”. 
Designated Contracts 
For each commodity included in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM a particular futures contract on a futures 
exchange is selected and for that contract certain designated contract months are selected. For most of the 
commodities the Designated Contract is a futures contract traded on various exchanges in the United States, 
with the balance being futures contracts traded on the LME in London. Within each Designated Contract, 
there are a number of futures contracts for delivery in different months. Not all of them are used for the 
calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM. Rather, a number of Designated Month Contracts are 
selected, and intermediate futures contracts are ignored for the purposes of this calculation. This reduces 
the number of Roll Periods required for each commodity while still enabling pricing to be based on one of 
the more liquid near month contracts.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The Designated Contracts, and Designated Month Contracts, for each of the 27 Commodity futures currently 
eligible for inclusion in the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and for gas oil (which is not currently so eligible) 
are currently as follows: 
Table 2a — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts 
 
Commodity 
Relevant 
Exchange 
Designated Contract and (Contract Code) 
Designated Month Contracts 
Natural 
Gas 
WTI Crude Oil 
Brent Crude  
Oil 
NYMEX(4) 
NYMEX(4) 
ICE 
Henry Hub Natural Gas (NG) Light, 
Sweet Crude Oil (CL) Brent Crude 
Oil (B) 
Mar Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Jan 
Unleaded 
Gasoline 
NYMEX(4) 
RBOB Gasoline (RB) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
Heating Oil 
NYMEX(4) 
Heating Oil (HO) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
Gas Oil 
ICE 
Low Sulphur Gas Oil (QS) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
Aluminum 
LME 
High Grade Primary Aluminium (AL) Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
Copper 
COMEX(4) 
Copper (HG) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Zinc 
LME 
Special High Grade Zinc (ZN) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Nov Jan 
 
Nickel 
LME 
Primary Nickel (NI) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Nov Jan 
 
Gold 
COMEX(4) 
Gold (GC) 
Feb 
Apr Jun Aug Dec 
 
Silver 
COMEX(4) 
Silver (SI) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Live Cattle 
CME(2) 
Live Cattle (LC) 
Feb 
Apr Jun Aug Oct 
Dec 
Lean Hogs 
CME(2) 
Lean Hogs (LH) 
Feb 
Apr Jun Aug Oct 
Dec 
Wheat 
CBOT(2) 
Soft Wheat (W) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Kansas Wheat KCBT 
Kansas Wheat (KW) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Corn 
CBOT(2) 
Corn (C) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Soybeans 
CBOT(2) 
Soybeans (S) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Nov Jan 
 
Sugar 
NYBOT(3) 
World Sugar NO. 11 (SB) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Oct  
 
Cotton 
NYBOT(3) 
Cotton (CT) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Dec  
 
Coffee 
NYBOT(3) 
Coffee (KC) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Soybean Oil 
CBOT(2) 
Soybean Oil (BO) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Nov Jan 
 
Soybean 
Meal 
CBOT(2) 
Soybean Meal (SM) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Nov Jan 
 
Cocoa 
NYBOT(3) 
Cocoa (CC) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Dec 
 
Lead 
LME 
Refine Standard Lead (LL) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
Platinum 
NYMEX(4) 
Platinum (PL) 
Apr 
Jul 
Oct Jan  
 
Tin 
LME 
Refined Tin (LT) 
Mar 
May Jul 
Sep Nov 
Jan 
(i) 
The contract months are as named by the Exchange in question, irrespective of the particular delivery dates 
(ii) 
Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange merged in 2007 
(iii) 
ICE Futures U.S. 
(iii) 
The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc, merged with CME Group in 2008 
For the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM the designated month contracts are exactly the 
same as for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM save that for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM, the contracts that would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM in three calendar months are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar

--- Page 83 ---
83 
month for the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM. The current Lead Future contracts for the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM are shown in Table 2(b). For each month of the year, a Designated Contract 
is used as the Lead Future in calculating the various Commodity Indices. The month of the year is shown 
across the top row. The relevant Individual Commodity Index is shown along the left hand side. The months 
in the body of the table indicate the specific Lead Future to apply in each month labelled at the top of each 
column. If today is 12 October 2020, the Lead Contract for Bloomberg Natural Gas IndexSM is the Natural 
Gas contract for delivery in November 2020. The Lead Contract for the Bloomberg Natural Gas 3 Month 
Forward IndexSM is therefore the Lead Contract which will be the Lead Contract for the Bloomberg Natural 
Gas IndexSM in December 2019, which is the Natural Gas contract for delivery in March 2021. 
On 24 April 2020, Bloomberg announced a change to the Roll Period for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-
IndexSM. 
According to the announcement from Bloomberg, the Roll Period for changing the Lead Future from July to 
September for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM was scheduled to take place in June 2020. 
Bloomberg has announced that this Roll Period will now take place in May 2020, a month earlier than 
scheduled. 
Beginning on 8 May 2020 and ending on 14 May 2020, Bloomberg will roll the Designated Month Contract 
for the Lead Future from July to September for the Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Sub-IndexSM. 
Further information can be found at https://data.bloomberglp.com/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg- 
Indices_Result-of-BCOM-Consultation-on-Impact-of-Negative-Commodity-Prices_4.24.20.pdf

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Table 2b — Lead Futures for Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
Commodity 
Jan 
Feb 
Mar 
Apr 
May 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Sep 
Oct 
Nov 
Dec 
Natural Gas 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
WTI 
Crude 
Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Unleaded 
Gasoline 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Heating Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Live Cattle 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Aug 
Aug 
Oct 
Oct 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Lean Hogs 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Jul 
Aug 
Oct 
Oct 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Wheat 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Corn 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Soybeans 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Soybean Oil Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Jan 
Jan 
Aluminium 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Copper 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Zinc 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Nickel 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Lead 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Tin 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Gold 
Feb 
Apr 
Apr 
Jun 
Jun 
Aug 
Aug 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Feb 
Silver 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Platinum 
Apr 
Apr 
Apr 
Jul 
Jul 
Jul 
Oct 
Oct 
Oct 
Jan 
Jan 
Jan 
Sugar 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Oct 
Oct 
Oct 
Mar 
Mar 
Mar 
Cotton 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Coffee 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Cocoa 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Brent Crude 
Oil 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Mar 
Gas Oil 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Nov 
Nov 
Jan 
Jan 
Kansas 
Wheat 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Sep 
Sep 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Mar 
Soybean 
Meal 
Mar 
Mar 
May 
May 
Jul 
Jul 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Dec 
Jan 
Jan 
Source: Bloomberg 
The termination or replacement of a futures contract on an established exchange occurs infrequently. If a 
Designated Contract were to be terminated or replaced, a comparable futures contract would be selected, 
if available, to replace that Designated Contract. 
Roll Process 
The Commodity Indices and the composite sub-indices are calculated each General Trading Day, using the 
Settlement Prices of near dated futures contracts. 
Because futures contracts expire periodically, the Commodity Indices calculations must change from using 
one futures contract (the “Lead Future”) to using a subsequent futures contract (the “Next Future”).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
This process is called “rolling”, and normally happens proportionally over a five day period (the “Roll 
Period”), on the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth General Trading Days of a month but only if that day 
and the prior General Trading Day is a Pricing Day for the relevant commodity. If not, the change for the 
relevant commodity is deferred until the next following Pricing Day, and implemented in addition to the 
change which would otherwise be implemented on that day. 
The current Designated Month Contracts are listed above in the far right column of Table 2a. 
For the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, a contract is the Lead Future in the month prior to its named month 
(so that for Natural Gas, the January contract is the Lead Future in December) and in any earlier months, 
as required (so that the January contract is also the Lead Future for Natural Gas in November). Pricing is 
rolled from the Lead Future to the Next Future in the month prior to its named month (so that pricing for 
Natural Gas rolls in early December from the January contract to the March contract). 
For the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM the process is similar save that the contracts that 
would be the Lead Future and Next Future for the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM in three calendar months 
are instead the Lead Future and Next Future in the current calendar month for the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index 3 Month ForwardSM. 
As can be seen in Table 2(a) and 2(b), not all commodities have the same named months or number of 
Designated Month Contracts. Consequently, the commodities to be rolled each month will vary from month 
to month. 
Market Disruption Days 
If a Market Disruption Day occurs in the Relevant Market for an Individual Commodity Index, that Individual 
Commodity Index may or may not be calculated and published by Bloomberg on that day. Irrespective of 
whether an Individual Commodity Index is so published by Bloomberg, that day will not be a Pricing Day for 
purposes of pricing the relevant class of Micro Security. If there are five or more consecutive Market 
Disruption Days, then on each subsequent Market Disruption Day (up to a maximum continuous period of 30 
days (each Trading Day during that period being a Pricing Day)) the Calculation Agent will calculate and 
publish a substitute value for the Individual Commodity Index and those days will be Pricing Days. If the 
relevant disruption is continuing on the expiry of that period, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will 
negotiate to agree a replacement for that Individual Commodity Index. Failing agreement within a further 
period of 30 days, the Issuer may exercise its right to redeem the relevant Micro Securities and/or 
Commodity Securities. 
Simulated Historic Investment Returns 
Tables 3(a) and 3(b) show simulated historical investment returns for calendar years 2010 to 2020 inclusive 
from an investment in Individual Securities and Longer Dated Individual Securities. 
In the table the figure given for the “Multiplier” is the Multiplier as at the end of the year assuming the first 
securities were issued on 1 January 1991 and that the Management Fee, Licence Allowance and Spread 
remained the same as at the date of this Prospectus throughout this period, the figure given for the “Index 
Value” is the value of the Individual Commodity Index as at the end of the year, the figure given for the 
“Index Return” is the percentage change in the Individual Commodity Index during the relevant year, the 
figure given for the “Individual Security Value” is the Price of the Individual Security as at the end of the year 
and the figure given for “Individual Security Return” is the percentage change in the Price of the Individual 
Security during the relevant year. The Compound Annual Growth column has been calculated for the period 
from 31 December 2010 to 12 October 2020. 
The period shown includes all data made available by Bloomberg and simulated back to 1 January 1991. 
These tables do not constitute a forecast. Past performance is not an indication of expected performance 
and the investment performance of a Commodity Security could be volatile and the return for Commodity 
Securities may differ from the simulated historical returns. 
Historical data enabling users to calculate historic performance and volatility is published on the Website.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Table 3a — Simulated Historical Investment Returns for Classic Individual Securities 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Multiplier 
 
1.0343 
1.0247 
1.0155 
1.0061 
0.9965 
0.9873 
0.9804 
0.9784 
0.9862 
0.9954 
0.9923 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natural Gas 
Index 
Value 
3.1 
1.7 
1.1 
1.2 
0.8 
0.5 
0.5 
0.3 
0.3 
0.2 
0.2 
-25.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
-41% 
-47% 
-31% 
5% 
-31% 
-40% 
10% 
-37% 
-2% 
-39% 
-22% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
0.3 
0.2 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.0 
0.1 
0.0 
0.0 
0.02 
0.02 
-26.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
-41% 
-48% 
-31% 
4% 
-31% 
-41% 
9% 
-37% 
-1% 
-38% 
-22% 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
WTI Crude 
Index 
Value 
269.7 
259.7 
228.9 
244.4 
142.5 
79.2 
84.6 
88.1 
68.7 
90.4 
25.4 
-21.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
4% 
-4% 
-12% 
7% 
-42% 
-44% 
7% 
4% 
-22% 
32% 
-72% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
27.9 
26.6 
23.2 
24.6 
14.2 
7.8 
8.3 
8.6 
6.8 
9.0 
3.6 
-18.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
3% 
-5% 
-13% 
6% 
-42% 
-45% 
6% 
4% 
-21% 
33% 
-59% 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brent Crude 
Oil 
Index 
Value 
517.7 
604.6 
650.2 
696.7 
364.8 
198.5 
248.0 
280.7 
234.2 
310.8 
175.2 
-10.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
11% 
17% 
8% 
7% 
-48% 
-46% 
25% 
13% 
-17% 
33% 
-44% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
53.5 
61.9 
66.0 
70.1 
36.4 
19.6 
24.3 
27.5 
23.1 
30.9 
17.4 
-10.8% 
 
Security 
Return 
10% 
16% 
7% 
6% 
-48% 
-46% 
24% 
13% 
-16% 
34% 
-44% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Gasoline 
Index 
Value 
360.0 
412.0 
517.3 
527.1 
296.2 
258.6 
274.3 
279.3 
196.4 
277.9 
157.6 
-8.1% 
 
Index 
Return 
13% 
14% 
26% 
2% 
-44% 
-13% 
6% 
2% 
-30% 
41% 
-43% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
37.2 
42.2 
52.5 
53.0 
29.5 
25.5 
26.9 
27.3 
19.4 
27.7 
15.6 
-8.4% 
 
Security 
Return 
12% 
13% 
24% 
1% 
-44% 
-14% 
5% 
2% 
-29% 
43% 
-43% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Heating Oil 
Index 
Value 
201.6 
223.1 
235.1 
235.9 
144.4 
82.5 
109.7 
125.0 
103.3 
126.0 
61.9 
-11.3% 
 
Index 
Return 
8% 
11% 
5% 
0% 
-39% 
-43% 
33% 
14% 
-17% 
22% 
-51% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
20.9 
22.9 
23.9 
23.7 
14.4 
8.1 
10.8 
12.2 
10.2 
12.5 
6.1 
-11.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
7% 
10% 
4% 
-1% 
-39% 
-43% 
32% 
14% 
-17% 
23% 
-51% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sulphur 
Gas Oil 
Index 
Value 
285.5 
340.9 
361.0 
373.5 
200.4 
118.7 
154.1 
181.6 
158.4 
192.2 
90.9 
-11.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
10% 
19% 
6% 
3% 
-46% 
-41% 
30% 
18% 
-13% 
21% 
-53% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
29.5 
34.9 
36.7 
37.6 
20.0 
11.7 
15.1 
17.8 
15.6 
19.1 
9.0 
-11.4% 
 
Security 
Return 
9% 
18% 
5% 
3% 
-47% 
-41% 
29% 
18% 
-12% 
23% 
-53% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Aluminium 
Index 
Value 
57.2 
44.8 
43.0 
34.0 
33.0 
25.4 
27.8 
36.1 
29.4 
27.7 
27.0 
-7.3% 
 
Index 
Return 
5% 
-22% 
-4% 
-21% 
-3% 
-23% 
9% 
30% 
-19% 
-6% 
-2% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
5.9 
4.6 
4.4 
3.4 
3.3 
2.5 
2.7 
3.5 
2.9 
2.8 
2.7 
-7.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
4% 
-22% 
-5% 
-22% 
-4% 
-24% 
9% 
30% 
-18% 
-5% 
-3% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copper 
Index 
Value 
479.0 
361.9 
379.7 
346.2 
288.8 
216.1 
249.3 
318.9 
246.2 
258.6 
277.2 
-5.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
29% 
-24% 
5% 
-9% 
-17% 
-25% 
15% 
28% 
-23% 
5% 
7% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
49.5 
37.1 
38.6 
34.8 
28.8 
21.3 
24.4 
31.2 
24.3 
25.7 
27.5 
-5.8% 
 
Security 
Return 
28% 
-25% 
4% 
-10% 
-17% 
-26% 
15% 
28% 
-22% 
6% 
7%

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Zinc 
Index 
Value 
89.2 
64.4 
70.2 
65.2 
67.5 
48.6 
76.2 
98.0 
75.5 
73.1 
77.0 
-1.5% 
 
Index 
Return 
-9% 
-28% 
9% 
-7% 
3% 
-28% 
57% 
28% 
-23% 
-3% 
5% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
9.2 
6.6 
7.1 
6.6 
6.7 
4.8 
7.5 
9.6 
7.4 
7.3 
7.6 
-1.9% 
 
Security 
Return 
-10% 
-28% 
8% 
-8% 
2% 
-29% 
56% 
28% 
-22% 
-2% 
5% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nickel 
Index 
Value 
277.6 
209.0 
187.4 
149.7 
160.6 
92.0 
102.6 
127.7 
104.6 
135.8 
144.4 
-6.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
32% 
-25% 
-10% 
-20% 
7% 
-43% 
11% 
24% 
-18% 
30% 
6% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
28.7 
21.4 
19.0 
15.1 
16.0 
9.1 
10.1 
12.5 
10.3 
13.5 
14.3 
-6.8% 
 
Security 
Return 
31% 
-25% 
-11% 
-21% 
6% 
-43% 
11% 
24% 
-17% 
31% 
6% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gold 
Index 
Value 
182.5 
199.9 
211.9 
151.1 
148.4 
132.2 
142.0 
158.6 
151.1 
174.6 
214.9 
1.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
29% 
10% 
6% 
-29% 
-2% 
-11% 
7% 
12% 
-5% 
16% 
23% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
18.9 
20.5 
21.5 
15.2 
14.8 
13.0 
13.9 
15.5 
14.9 
17.4 
21.3 
1.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
27% 
9% 
5% 
-29% 
-3% 
-12% 
7% 
11% 
-4% 
17% 
23% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Silver 
Index 
Value 
344.5 
309.4 
331.2 
209.7 
166.8 
145.5 
165.4 
173.3 
152.6 
170.1 
232.3 
-3.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
82% 
-10% 
7% 
-37% 
-20% 
-13% 
14% 
5% 
-12% 
11% 
37% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
35.6 
31.7 
33.6 
21.1 
16.6 
14.4 
16.2 
17.0 
15.0 
16.9 
23.1 
-4.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
80% 
-11% 
6% 
-37% 
-21% 
-14% 
13% 
5% 
-11% 
13% 
36% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Live Cattle 
Index 
Value 
73.6 
72.9 
70.0 
66.4 
81.0 
69.4 
64.0 
69.2 
69.6 
69.0 
55.9 
-2.8% 
 
Index 
Return 
15% 
-1% 
-4% 
-5% 
22% 
-14% 
-8% 
8% 
1% 
-1% 
-19% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
7.6 
7.5 
7.1 
6.7 
8.1 
6.9 
6.3 
6.8 
6.9 
6.9 
5.5 
-3.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
14% 
-2% 
-5% 
-6% 
21% 
-15% 
-8% 
8% 
1% 
0% 
-19% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lean Hogs 
Index 
Value 
10.7 
10.2 
9.9 
9.7 
9.2 
6.8 
6.6 
6.7 
5.9 
4.6 
3.1 
-11.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
0% 
-5% 
-3% 
-2% 
-4% 
-26% 
-3% 
2% 
-13% 
-21% 
-34% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
1.1 
1.0 
1.0 
1.0 
0.9 
0.7 
0.6 
0.7 
0.6 
0.5 
0.3 
-12.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
-1% 
-5% 
-4% 
-3% 
-5% 
-27% 
-4% 
2% 
-12% 
-20% 
-34% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wheat 
Index 
Value 
25.1 
16.6 
18.2 
13.2 
12.0 
9.3 
7.0 
6.1 
6.2 
6.6 
6.8 
-12.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
21% 
-34% 
10% 
-27% 
-9% 
-22% 
-24% 
-13% 
2% 
7% 
3% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
2.6 
1.7 
1.8 
1.3 
1.2 
0.9 
0.7 
0.6 
0.6 
0.7 
0.7 
-12.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
20% 
-35% 
9% 
-28% 
-10% 
-23% 
-25% 
-14% 
2% 
8% 
3% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kansas 
Wheat 
Index 
Value 
110.4 
85.0 
89.7 
66.2 
63.1 
42.4 
31.6 
26.6 
25.3 
22.4 
22.8 
-14.8% 
 
Index 
Return 
42% 
-23% 
6% 
-26% 
-5% 
-33% 
-25% 
-16% 
-5% 
-11% 
1% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
11.4 
8.7 
9.1 
6.7 
6.3 
4.2 
3.1 
2.6 
2.5 
2.2 
2.3 
-15.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
41% 
-24% 
5% 
-27% 
-6% 
-33% 
-26% 
-16% 
-4% 
-11% 
1%

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Corn 
Index 
Value 
18.8 
19.0 
22.6 
15.8 
13.7 
11.0 
9.9 
8.6 
8.1 
7.5 
6.9 
-9.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
30% 
1% 
19% 
-30% 
-13% 
-19% 
-10% 
-13% 
-6% 
-7% 
-8% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
1.9 
1.9 
2.3 
1.6 
1.4 
1.1 
1.0 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
0.7 
-10.1% 
 
Security 
Return 
29% 
0% 
18% 
-31% 
-14% 
-20% 
-11% 
-13% 
-6% 
-6% 
-8% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean 
Index 
Value 
215.6 
180.3 
223.3 
246.7 
233.1 
198.9 
227.6 
207.1 
179.3 
174.5 
182.5 
-1.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
35% 
-16% 
24% 
10% 
-6% 
-15% 
14% 
-9% 
-13% 
-3% 
5% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
22.3 
18.5 
22.7 
24.8 
23.2 
19.6 
22.3 
20.3 
17.7 
17.4 
18.1 
-2.1% 
 
Security 
Return 
34% 
-17% 
23% 
9% 
-6% 
-15% 
14% 
-9% 
-13% 
-2% 
4% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sugar 
Index 
Value 
263.6 
232.1 
201.8 
161.4 
111.5 
106.2 
130.0 
96.1 
69.6 
69.5 
68.4 
-12.8% 
 
Index 
Return 
24% 
-12% 
-13% 
-20% 
-31% 
-5% 
22% 
-26% 
-28% 
0% 
-2% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
27.3 
23.8 
20.5 
16.2 
11.1 
10.5 
12.7 
9.4 
6.9 
6.9 
6.8 
-13.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
23% 
-13% 
-14% 
-21% 
-32% 
-6% 
22% 
-26% 
-27% 
1% 
-2% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cotton 
Index 
Value 
34.7 
27.1 
23.7 
25.8 
20.3 
20.9 
23.0 
25.7 
23.3 
21.4 
21.0 
-5.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
98% 
-22% 
-13% 
9% 
-21% 
3% 
10% 
11% 
-9% 
-8% 
-2% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
3.6 
2.8 
2.4 
2.6 
2.0 
2.1 
2.3 
2.5 
2.3 
2.1 
2.1 
-5.4% 
 
Security 
Return 
96% 
-22% 
-14% 
8% 
-22% 
2% 
9% 
11% 
-8% 
-8% 
-2% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coffee 
Index 
Value 
42.5 
37.7 
22.0 
15.3 
21.0 
14.4 
14.2 
11.8 
8.5 
9.3 
7.3 
-16.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
67% 
-11% 
-42% 
-31% 
38% 
-32% 
-2% 
-17% 
-28% 
10% 
-21% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
4.4 
3.9 
2.2 
1.5 
2.1 
1.4 
1.4 
1.2 
0.8 
0.9 
0.7 
-16.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
65% 
-12% 
-42% 
-31% 
36% 
-32% 
-2% 
-17% 
-27% 
11% 
-22% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean Oil 
Index 
Value 
93.5 
79.2 
71.4 
55.3 
43.9 
40.5 
43.4 
39.9 
31.6 
37.1 
33.5 
-9.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
34% 
-15% 
-10% 
-22% 
-21% 
-8% 
7% 
-8% 
-21% 
17% 
-10% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
9.7 
8.1 
7.3 
5.6 
4.4 
4.0 
4.3 
3.9 
3.1 
3.7 
3.3 
-10.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
32% 
-16% 
-11% 
-23% 
-21% 
-9% 
6% 
-8% 
-20% 
18% 
-10% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean 
Meal 
Index 
Value 
475.5 
389.3 
579.8 
695.1 
777.0 
636.8 
749.8 
707.0 
662.9 
606.7 
659.8 
3.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
39% 
-18% 
49% 
20% 
12% 
-18% 
18% 
-6% 
-6% 
-8% 
9% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
49.2 
39.9 
58.9 
69.9 
77.4 
62.9 
73.5 
69.2 
65.4 
60.4 
65.5 
3.0% 
 
Security 
Return 
38% 
-19% 
48% 
19% 
11% 
-19% 
17% 
-6% 
-5% 
-8% 
8% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cocoa 
Index 
Value 
37.7 
25.4 
27.1 
32.0 
34.0 
37.2 
24.8 
21.5 
25.5 
26.3 
26.4 
-3.6% 
 
Index 
Return 
-12% 
-32% 
6% 
18% 
6% 
10% 
-33% 
-13% 
18% 
3% 
0% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
3.9 
2.6 
2.8 
3.2 
3.4 
3.7 
2.4 
2.1 
2.5 
2.6 
2.6 
-4.0% 
 
Security 
Return 
-12% 
-33% 
6% 
17% 
5% 
8% 
-34% 
-14% 
19% 
4% 
0% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Platinum 
Index 
Value 
499.2 
389.9 
423.4 
373.3 
327.3 
240.5 
241.6 
246.4 
205.7 
244.9 
215.7 
-8.2% 
 
Index 
Return 
19% 
-22% 
9% 
-12% 
-12% 
-26% 
0% 
2% 
-17% 
19% 
-12% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
51.6 
40.0 
43.0 
37.6 
32.6 
23.7 
23.7 
24.1 
20.3 
24.4 
21.4 
-8.6% 
 
Security 
Return 
18% 
-23% 
8% 
-13% 
-13% 
-27% 
0% 
2% 
-16% 
20% 
-12%

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Tin 
Index 
Value 
460.4 
325.9 
397.3 
377.0 
327.3 
246.9 
364.1 
350.0 
344.5 
308.2 
330.7 
-3.3% 
 
Index 
Return 
58% 
-29% 
22% 
-5% 
-13% 
-25% 
47% 
-4% 
-2% 
-11% 
7% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
47.6 
33.4 
40.3 
37.9 
32.6 
24.4 
35.7 
34.2 
34.0 
30.7 
32.8 
-3.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
57% 
-30% 
21% 
-6% 
-14% 
-25% 
46% 
-4% 
-1% 
-10% 
7% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lead 
Index 
Value 
261.5 
209.1 
234.2 
216.2 
177.0 
168.5 
185.9 
225.9 
183.3 
173.7 
162.5 
-4.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
1% 
-20% 
12% 
-8% 
-18% 
-5% 
10% 
22% 
-19% 
-5% 
-6% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
27.0 
21.4 
23.8 
21.8 
17.6 
16.6 
18.2 
22.1 
18.1 
17.3 
16.1 
-5.1% 
 
Security 
Return 
0% 
-21% 
11% 
-9% 
-19% 
-6% 
10% 
21% 
-18% 
-4% 
-7% 
 
Source: Bloomberg

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Table 3b — Simulated Historical Investment Returns for Longer Dated Individual Securities 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Multiplier 
 
0.9892 
0.9785 
0.9683 
0.9579 
0.9473 
0.9371 
0.9293 
0.9259 
0.9320 
0.9396 
0.9352 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natural Gas 
Index 
Value 
78.0 
46.7 
37.0 
38.8 
30.0 
21.1 
23.0 
17.5 
19.3 
15.5 
15.7 
-15.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
-38% 
-40% 
-21% 
5% 
-23% 
-30% 
9% 
-24% 
10% 
-20% 
1% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
7.7 
4.6 
3.6 
3.7 
2.8 
2.0 
2.1 
1.6 
1.8 
1.5 
1.5 
-15.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
-39% 
-41% 
-22% 
4% 
-24% 
-30% 
8% 
-24% 
11% 
-19% 
1% 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
WTI Crude 
Index 
Value 
769.3 
794.1 
713.2 
801.7 
476.8 
298.6 
355.5 
362.3 
294.3 
384.7 
236.0 
-11.3% 
 
Index 
Return 
6% 
3% 
-10% 
12% 
-41% 
-37% 
19% 
2% 
-19% 
31% 
-39% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
76.1 
77.7 
69.1 
76.8 
45.2 
28.0 
33.0 
33.5 
27.4 
36.1 
22.1 
-11.8% 
 
Security 
Return 
5% 
2% 
-11% 
11% 
-41% 
-38% 
18% 
2% 
-18% 
32% 
-39% 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brent Crude 
Oil 
Index 
Value 
672.9 
763.7 
813.4 
870.5 
496.9 
283.1 
361.6 
400.1 
346.8 
420.0 
265.8 
-9.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
11% 
13% 
7% 
7% 
-43% 
-43% 
28% 
11% 
-13% 
21% 
-37% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
66.6 
74.7 
78.8 
83.4 
47.1 
26.5 
33.6 
37.0 
32.3 
39.5 
24.9 
-9.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
9% 
12% 
5% 
6% 
-44% 
-44% 
27% 
10% 
-13% 
22% 
-37% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Gasoline 
Index 
Value 
850.6 
961.7 
1069.6 
1168.6 
710.1 
593.1 
720.7 
802.2 
596.3 
768.4 
516.7 
-4.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
11% 
13% 
11% 
9% 
-39% 
-16% 
22% 
11% 
-26% 
29% 
-33% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
84.1 
94.1 
103.6 
111.9 
67.3 
55.6 
67.0 
74.3 
55.6 
72.2 
48.3 
-5.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
10% 
12% 
10% 
8% 
-40% 
-17% 
20% 
11% 
-25% 
30% 
-33% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Heating Oil 
Index 
Value 
502.5 
560.6 
593.7 
608.5 
364.2 
219.6 
276.1 
308.6 
260.1 
312.7 
167.0 
-10.6% 
 
Index 
Return 
10% 
12% 
6% 
2% 
-40% 
-40% 
26% 
12% 
-16% 
20% 
-47% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
49.7 
54.9 
57.5 
58.3 
34.5 
20.6 
25.7 
28.6 
24.2 
29.4 
15.6 
-11.1% 
 
Security 
Return 
9% 
10% 
5% 
1% 
-41% 
-40% 
25% 
11% 
-15% 
21% 
-47% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sulphur Gas 
Oil 
Index 
Value 
394.8 
455.8 
475.3 
500.6 
281.1 
170.6 
212.6 
240.8 
214.8 
254.9 
134.3 
-10.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
9% 
15% 
4% 
5% 
-44% 
-39% 
25% 
13% 
-11% 
19% 
-47% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
39.1 
44.6 
46.0 
48.0 
26.6 
16.0 
19.8 
22.3 
20.0 
24.0 
12.6 
-10.9% 
 
Security 
Return 
8% 
14% 
3% 
4% 
-44% 
-40% 
24% 
13% 
-10% 
20% 
-48% 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Aluminium 
Index 
Value 
87.6 
69.5 
67.5 
55.5 
53.8 
42.4 
46.5 
61.1 
48.9 
45.4 
44.5 
-6.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
6% 
-21% 
-3% 
-18% 
-3% 
-21% 
10% 
31% 
-20% 
-7% 
-2% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
8.7 
6.8 
6.5 
5.3 
5.1 
4.0 
4.3 
5.7 
4.6 
4.3 
4.2 
-7.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
5% 
-21% 
-4% 
-19% 
-4% 
-22% 
9% 
31% 
-19% 
-6% 
-3% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Copper 
Index 
Value 
741.6 
568.4 
596.7 
542.3 
453.1 
342.0 
395.1 
509.0 
392.6 
412.3 
443.2 
-5.1% 
 
Index 
Return 
30% 
-23% 
5% 
-9% 
-16% 
-25% 
16% 
29% 
-23% 
5% 
8% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
73.4 
55.6 
57.8 
51.9 
42.9 
32.1 
36.7 
47.1 
36.6 
38.7 
41.5 
-5.6% 
 
Security 
Return 
29% 
-24% 
4% 
-10% 
-17% 
-25% 
15% 
28% 
-22% 
6% 
7%

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Zinc 
Index 
Value 
131.2 
95.4 
103.9 
97.7 
102.3 
74.3 
116.9 
150.4 
112.9 
107.0 
114.4 
-1.4% 
 
Index 
Return 
-8% 
-27% 
9% 
-6% 
5% 
-27% 
57% 
29% 
-25% 
-5% 
7% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
13.0 
9.3 
10.1 
9.4 
9.7 
7.0 
10.9 
13.9 
10.5 
10.1 
10.7 
-1.9% 
 
Security 
Return 
-9% 
-28% 
8% 
-7% 
4% 
-28% 
56% 
28% 
-24% 
-4% 
6% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nickel 
Index 
Value 
429.6 
326.0 
293.9 
235.4 
254.2 
146.1 
163.4 
203.6 
166.9 
215.4 
229.2 
-6.2% 
 
Index 
Return 
33% 
-24% 
-10% 
-20% 
8% 
-43% 
12% 
25% 
-18% 
29% 
6% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
42.5 
31.9 
28.5 
22.5 
24.1 
13.7 
15.2 
18.9 
15.6 
20.2 
21.4 
-6.7% 
 
Security 
Return 
32% 
-25% 
-11% 
-21% 
7% 
-43% 
11% 
24% 
-17% 
30% 
6% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gold 
Index 
Value 
186.5 
204.2 
216.6 
154.4 
151.7 
135.2 
145.8 
163.4 
155.9 
180.4 
225.6 
2.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
29% 
9% 
6% 
-29% 
-2% 
-11% 
8% 
12% 
-5% 
16% 
25% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
18.4 
20.0 
21.0 
14.8 
14.4 
12.7 
13.5 
15.1 
14.5 
17.0 
21.1 
1.4% 
 
Security 
Return 
28% 
8% 
5% 
-29% 
-3% 
-12% 
7% 
12% 
-4% 
17% 
24% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Silver 
Index 
Value 
377.7 
339.9 
364.9 
231.5 
184.7 
161.5 
184.1 
193.3 
169.8 
189.6 
262.0 
-3.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
82% 
-10% 
7% 
-37% 
-20% 
-13% 
14% 
5% 
-12% 
12% 
38% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
37.4 
33.3 
35.3 
22.2 
17.5 
15.1 
17.1 
17.9 
15.8 
17.8 
24.5 
-4.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
80% 
-11% 
6% 
-37% 
-21% 
-14% 
13% 
5% 
-12% 
13% 
38% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Live Cattle 
Index 
Value 
138.7 
138.0 
129.0 
122.8 
145.0 
127.7 
118.1 
138.2 
139.7 
139.6 
118.0 
-1.6% 
 
Index 
Return 
17% 
-1% 
-6% 
-5% 
18% 
-12% 
-8% 
17% 
1% 
0% 
-16% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
13.7 
13.5 
12.5 
11.8 
13.7 
12.0 
11.0 
12.8 
13.0 
13.1 
11.0 
-2.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
16% 
-2% 
-7% 
-6% 
17% 
-13% 
-8% 
17% 
2% 
1% 
-16% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lean Hogs 
Index 
Value 
176.0 
174.6 
153.9 
162.1 
189.3 
134.1 
115.4 
121.3 
101.3 
85.5 
62.3 
-10.0% 
 
Index 
Return 
16% 
-1% 
-12% 
5% 
17% 
-29% 
-14% 
5% 
-17% 
-16% 
-27% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
17.4 
17.1 
14.9 
15.5 
17.9 
12.6 
10.7 
11.2 
9.4 
8.0 
5.8 
-10.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
15% 
-2% 
-13% 
4% 
16% 
-30% 
-15% 
5% 
-16% 
-15% 
-27% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wheat 
Index 
Value 
99.3 
65.8 
69.5 
50.4 
44.8 
33.1 
25.0 
21.9 
21.9 
22.1 
22.4 
-14.1% 
 
Index 
Return 
26% 
-34% 
6% 
-27% 
-11% 
-26% 
-24% 
-12% 
0% 
1% 
1% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
9.8 
6.4 
6.7 
4.8 
4.2 
3.1 
2.3 
2.0 
2.0 
2.1 
2.1 
-14.6% 
 
Security 
Return 
25% 
-34% 
4% 
-28% 
-12% 
-27% 
-25% 
-13% 
0% 
2% 
1% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kansas 
Wheat 
Index 
Value 
193.1 
150.6 
159.8 
115.1 
108.9 
74.2 
56.6 
49.0 
47.0 
40.0 
40.1 
-14.8% 
 
Index 
Return 
42% 
-22% 
6% 
-28% 
-5% 
-32% 
-24% 
-13% 
-4% 
-15% 
0% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
19.1 
14.7 
15.5 
11.0 
10.3 
7.0 
5.3 
4.5 
4.4 
3.8 
3.7 
-15.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
40% 
-23% 
5% 
-29% 
-6% 
-33% 
-24% 
-14% 
-3% 
-14% 
0%

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Compound 
Annual 
Growth 
Corn 
Index 
Value 
44.5 
49.7 
58.2 
43.0 
38.1 
30.7 
27.4 
24.4 
23.5 
21.7 
20.1 
-7.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
34% 
12% 
17% 
-26% 
-11% 
-19% 
-11% 
-11% 
-4% 
-8% 
-7% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
4.4 
4.9 
5.6 
4.1 
3.6 
2.9 
2.5 
2.3 
2.2 
2.0 
1.9 
-8.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
33% 
11% 
16% 
-27% 
-12% 
-20% 
-12% 
-11% 
-3% 
-7% 
-7% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean 
Index 
Value 
207.2 
180.6 
221.9 
237.6 
224.0 
190.4 
216.6 
205.2 
185.6 
183.7 
189.8 
-0.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
34% 
-13% 
23% 
7% 
-6% 
-15% 
14% 
-5% 
-10% 
-1% 
3% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
20.5 
17.7 
21.5 
22.8 
21.2 
17.8 
20.1 
19.0 
17.3 
17.3 
17.7 
-1.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
33% 
-14% 
22% 
6% 
-7% 
-16% 
13% 
-6% 
-9% 
0% 
3% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sugar 
Index 
Value 
442.6 
413.2 
338.7 
264.2 
213.5 
185.7 
246.8 
186.6 
136.2 
136.6 
130.5 
-11.7% 
 
Index 
Return 
38% 
-7% 
-18% 
-22% 
-19% 
-13% 
33% 
-24% 
-27% 
0% 
-4% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
43.8 
40.4 
32.8 
25.3 
20.2 
17.4 
22.9 
17.3 
12.7 
12.8 
12.2 
-12.2% 
 
Security 
Return 
37% 
-8% 
-19% 
-23% 
-20% 
-14% 
32% 
-25% 
-27% 
1% 
-5% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cotton 
Index 
Value 
70.4 
76.4 
61.0 
69.1 
55.0 
55.2 
59.7 
68.2 
65.9 
61.0 
58.2 
-1.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
100% 
9% 
-20% 
13% 
-20% 
0% 
8% 
14% 
-3% 
-7% 
-4% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
7.0 
7.5 
5.9 
6.6 
5.2 
5.2 
5.6 
6.3 
6.1 
5.7 
5.4 
-2.5% 
 
Security 
Return 
98% 
7% 
-21% 
12% 
-21% 
-1% 
7% 
14% 
-3% 
-7% 
-5% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coffee 
Index 
Value 
56.1 
51.2 
30.0 
20.9 
29.1 
20.0 
19.8 
16.6 
12.1 
13.1 
10.3 
-15.8% 
 
Index 
Return 
69% 
-9% 
-41% 
-30% 
39% 
-31% 
-1% 
-16% 
-27% 
8% 
-21% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
5.5 
5.0 
2.9 
2.0 
2.8 
1.9 
1.8 
1.5 
1.1 
1.2 
1.0 
-16.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
68% 
-10% 
-42% 
-31% 
38% 
-32% 
-1% 
-17% 
-27% 
9% 
-22% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean Oil 
Index 
Value 
152.2 
133.4 
121.9 
94.9 
77.8 
72.4 
78.3 
72.4 
57.8 
67.8 
60.9 
-8.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
36% 
-12% 
-9% 
-22% 
-18% 
-7% 
8% 
-8% 
-20% 
17% 
-10% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
15.1 
13.1 
11.8 
9.1 
7.4 
6.8 
7.3 
6.7 
5.4 
6.4 
5.7 
-9.4% 
 
Security 
Return 
35% 
-13% 
-10% 
-23% 
-19% 
-8% 
7% 
-8% 
-20% 
18% 
-11% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soybean 
Meal 
Index 
Value 
273.7 
236.3 
346.3 
434.2 
456.3 
373.3 
435.4 
431.7 
434.0 
403.5 
436.6 
4.9% 
 
Index 
Return 
29% 
-14% 
47% 
25% 
5% 
-18% 
17% 
-1% 
1% 
-7% 
8% 
  
 
Security 
Value 
27.1 
23.1 
33.5 
41.6 
43.2 
35.0 
40.5 
40.0 
40.4 
37.9 
40.8 
4.3% 
 
Security 
Return 
28% 
-15% 
45% 
24% 
4% 
-19% 
16% 
-1% 
1% 
-6% 
8% 
Source: Bloomberg

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Multi-Tenor Index 
As announced by the Issuer on 12 May 2020, by an announcement made by Bloomberg on 7 May 2020, 
the methodology used in the calculation of the Individual Commodity Indices as described above in this Part 
3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) as it affects the Original Index was effectively amended by 
providing that any of the Bloomberg Commodity Indices and sub-indices may close negative for one day 
and will thereafter be terminated the following day at the negative value. 
On 4 June 2020 Bloomberg published the Index Methodology for a new index, the Bloomberg WTI Crude 
Oil Multi-Tenor Excess Return Index (the Multi-Tenor Index). The methodology for the Multi-Tenor Index is 
similar to that of the original Index and as described above in this Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index 
Family) except as described below. Like the Original Index, the Multi-Tenor Index is calculated by reference 
to WTI Crude Oil futures contracts (commodity code: CL) traded on NYMEX/CME1. However as a result of 
its different methodology, there are differences in its historic and expected future performance. 
The Multi-Tenor Index is denominated in U.S. dollars and has a Base Date of 4th January 2010 with a Base 
Index Level of 100. The commencement date for the Multi-Tenor Index is 4th June 2020. 
The Original Index is calculated by reference to one futures contract and as at 30 June 2020 is calculated 
by reference to the WTI Crude Oil September futures contract, and it “rolls” to a subsequent contract over 
a five-day period. The Multi-Tenor Index is calculated by reference to three consecutive monthly equally 
weighted futures contracts, so that as at 30 June 2020 the index is calculated by reference to the WTI Crude 
Oil September, October and November futures contracts. Calculating the index by reference to multiple 
contracts mitigates the concentration risk and diversifies the exposure provided by the Multi-Tenor Index 
compared to the Original Index. 
The Multi-Tenor Index aims to track the performance of an equal-weight basket of three WTI Crude Oil 
future contracts, rebalanced monthly. The Multi-Tenor Index is also floored at zero and cannot go negative. 
The Multi-Tenor Index is the intellectual property of UBS AG, acting through its London Branch (or any 
successor thereto). Bloomberg Index Services Limited (“BISL”) is the Index Administrator of the Multi- Tenor 
Index. 
Index Methodology 
The index aims to hold an equal weight basket of three WTI Crude Oil futures contracts on the curve. 
To maintain the long position of the basket, contracts are ‘rolled’ from the sixth to the tenth (inclusive) 
General Trading Day of each calendar month using the roll schedule in Figure 1 (Roll schedule for the Multi-
Tenor Index and the Original Index). 
The notional amounts to be bought for the three futures (i.e., target weights 33.3% or equal weighting) are 
calculated on a monthly basis on close of the fourth General Trading Day of each calendar month. 
 
 
                                               
1 
1 The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX), merged with Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) Group in 2008.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Figure 1: Roll schedule for the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index 
WTI Active/ 
Front month 
Original Index’s 
futures contract holdings (BCOMCL) 
– the active 
– Roll from sixth 
contract switch 
to tenth (inclusive) 
happens on or around 20th of 
Calendar month 
each 
month 
General Trading 
Days every other 
month 
Multi-Tenor Index’s holdings (BCLMTER) – 
Roll from sixth to tenth 
(inclusive) General Trading Days every month
Jan 
Feb > Mar 
Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Feb 
Mar > Apr 
Mar > May 
Apr > May 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Mar 
Apr > May 
May 
May > Jun 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Apr 
May > Jun 
May > Jul 
Jun > Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
May 
Jun > Jul 
Jul 
Jul > Aug 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Jun 
Jul > Aug 
Jul > Sep 
Aug > Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Jul 
Aug > Sep 
Sep 
Sep > Oct 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Aug 
Sep > Oct 
Sep > Nov 
Oct > Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Sep 
Oct > Nov 
Nov 
Nov > Dec 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Oct 
Nov > Dec 
Nov > Jan 
Dec > Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Nov 
Dec > Jan 
Jan 
Jan > Feb 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Dec 
Jan > Feb 
Jan > Mar 
Feb > Mar 
Mar > Apr 
Apr > May 
The full methodology can be found at: https://data.bloomberglp.com/professional/sites/10/Bloomberg- WTI-
Crude-Oil-Multi-Tenor-Index-Methodology.pdf. 
Historical Performance 
The Multi-Tenor Index has outperformed the Original Index over the last 10 years. For the year 2020 to date 
(as at 4 June 2020) (YTD), the Multi-Tenor Index benefitted from being positioned slightly further along on 
the futures price curve to outperform the Original Index. 
The Correlation of daily returns between the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index during this period has 
been very high at 98.5%2. Focusing on one-year periods, Figure 2 (One-year rolling correlation between the 
Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index) shows that the one-year correlation of daily returns also remain very 
high, oscillating between 96% and 100%. 
 
 
                                               
2 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 January 2010 to 4 June 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance 
is not an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Figure 2: One-year rolling correlation between the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index 
Returns 
 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1st January 2010 to 12 October 2020. Using daily returns and calculating over 252 business 
days for each period. Above numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is not an indication of future performance 
and any investments may go down in value. 
Figure 3: Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index 
Original Index 
YTD Performance 
-59.2% 
-42.2% 
YTD Volatility 
90.03% 
74.65% 
Annualised Performance (Since Inception) 
-16.8% 
-11.9% 
Annualised Volatility (Since Inception) 
39.07% 
35.61% 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 January 2010 to 12 October 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance 
is not an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value. 
Considering calendar year performance of the two indices, the Multi-Tenor Index outperformed the Original 
Index in eight out of the last ten years (as shown in Figure 4 (Calendar Year Performance of the Multi-Tenor 
Index and the Original Index) below). This is the result of a greater diversification of the exposure across 
futures contracts and of the roll costs being better managed.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Figure 4: Calendar Year Performance of the Multi-Tenor Index and the Original Index 
 
 
2019 
2018 
2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
Multi-Tenor 
Index Return 
31.41% 
-20.11% 
2.63% 
15.38% 
-40.26% 
-41.34% 
10.72% 
-11.48% 
0.70% 
2.04% 
Original Index 
Return 
31.63% 
-22.03% 
4.11% 
6.73% 
-44.38% 
-41.71% 
6.78% 
-11.85% 
-3.70% 
1.02% 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. 1 January 2010 to 4 June 2020. Numbers include back-tested data. Historical performance is 
not an indication of future performance and any investments may go down in value. 
The following table sets out, in summary form, some of the material differences between the Original Index 
and the Multi-Tenor Index: 
 
 
Multi-Tenor Index 
Original Index 
Index holdings 
Calculated by reference to three 
contracts 
equal weighted (outside of Roll 
Periods) 
Always calculated by reference to the 
same three futures contracts on the 
curve 
thanks 
to 
the 
monthly 
rebalancing. 
Calculated by reference to one 
contract only 
(outside 
of 
Roll 
Periods) 
Calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
a 
contract which is sometimes the first, 
sometimes 
the 
second 
and 
sometimes the third futures contract 
on the curve depending on the time 
of the year 
On some days in 2020, the futures 
contract by reference to which the 
index is calculated could be as close 
as ten days from expiry.  
 
Index rolling 
Rolls every month 
Every roll is for a third of the 
contracts by reference to which it is 
calculated. 
Rolls over five business days (sixth 
to tenth (inclusive) General Trading 
Days) 
6.7% of the contracts by reference to 
which it is calculated are “rolled” on 
each roll day. 
The impact on liquidity of the “classic 
BCOM roll” is avoided as it rolls the 
contracts a month in advance. 
 
Rolls every two months 
Every roll is for all the contracts by 
reference to which it is calculated. 
Rolls over five business days (sixth 
to tenth (inclusive) General Trading 
Days). 
20% of the contracts by reference to 
which it is calculated are “rolled” on 
each roll day. 
 
Handling of negative prices 
 
Calculated by reference to three 
futures contracts, further away on 
the curve so like- lihood of negative 
index is reduced. 
The end-of-day index value is 
floored at zero and would terminate 
at zero same day. 
 
Calculated by reference to a single 
contract up to the moment where it 
is the front con- tract and can be as 
close as ten days or so from expiry. 
Can go negative intra-day and can 
close 
negative 
for 
one 
day. 
Thereafter it would terminate the 
next trading day at the negative 
value. 
 
 
Designated Contracts 
The Designated Contract for the Multi-Tenor Index is WTI light sweet crude oil (commodity code: CL) futures

--- Page 97 ---
97 
contract traded on NYMEX3. Within the Designated Contract, the eligible Designated Month Contracts for 
this Index is summarised in Table 4 (Designated Month Contracts). 
Table 4: Designated Month Contracts 
 
Contract Code 
Designated Month Contracts 
F 
January 
G 
February 
H 
March 
J 
April 
K 
May 
M 
June 
N 
July 
Q 
August 
U 
September 
V 
October 
X 
November 
Z 
December 
 
Roll Process 
Because futures contracts expire periodically, the Multi-Tenor Index calculations must change from using one 
futures contract (the “Lead Contract”) to using a subsequent futures contract (the “Next Contract”). 
This process is called “rolling”. Each commodity future will roll from the Lead Contract to the Next Contract over 
the sixth to tenth Business Day of each month, at 20% (1/5) each Business Day. The calculation of the Multi-
Tenor Index follows the roll schedule based on the commodity contract calendar listed in Table 5 (Lead Futures 
for the Multi-Tenor Index). The mapping for the contract codes and months is defined in Table 4 (Designated 
Month Contracts). 
Table 5: Lead Futures for the Multi-Tenor Index 
Commodity 
Exchange 
Tenor 
Jan Feb Mar 
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug 
Sep
Oct Nov 
Dec
Crude Oil 
(WTI) 
NYMEX/CME 
CL-F1 
H 
J 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
Crude Oil 
(WTI) 
NYMEX/CME 
CL-F2 
J 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
H 
Crude Oil 
(WTI) 
NYMEX/CME 
CL-F3 
K 
M 
N 
Q 
U 
V 
X 
Z 
F 
G 
H 
J 
Disclaimer by UBS Securities and Bloomberg 
The Micro and Commodity Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Bloomberg or UBS 
Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of 
their subsidiaries or affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of or 
counterparts to the Micro and Commodity Securities or any member of the public regarding the advisability 
of investing in securities or commodities generally or in the Micro and Commodity Securities particularly. 
The only relationship of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates to the Issuer and 
                                               
3 The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc, merged with Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) Group in 2008.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
ManJer is the licensing of certain trademarks, trade names and service marks and of the Commodity 
Indices, which is determined, composed and calculated by Bloomberg, in conjunction with UBS Securities 
without regard to the Issuer or the Micro and Commodity Securities. Bloomberg and UBS Securities have 
no obligation to take the needs of the Issuer or the owners of the Micro and Commodity Securities into 
consideration in determining, composing or calculating Commodity Indices. None of Bloomberg, UBS 
Securities or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates is responsible for, or has participated in the 
determination of the timing of, prices at, or quantities of the Micro and Commodity Securities to be issued 
or in the determination or calculation of the equation by, which the Micro and Commodity Securities are to 
be converted into cash. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates shall 
have any obligation or liability, including, without limitation, to Micro and Commodity Securities customers, 
in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, UBS Securities, and Bloomberg and their respective subsidiaries and 
affiliates may independently issue and/or sponsor financial products unrelated to the Micro and Commodity 
Securities currently being issued by the Issuer, but which may be similar to and competitive with the Micro 
and Commodity Securities. In addition, UBS Securities, and Bloomberg and their subsidiaries and affiliates 
actively trade commodities, commodity indexes and commodity futures (including the Commodity Indices 
and Bloomberg Commodity Index Total ReturnSM), as well as swaps, options and derivatives which are 
linked to the performance of such commodities, commodity indexes and commodity futures. It is possible 
that this trading activity will affect the value of the Commodity Indices and Micro and Commodity Securities. 
This Prospectus relates only to the Micro and Commodity Securities and does not relate to the exchange- 
traded physical commodities underlying any of the Commodity Indices components. Purchasers of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities should not conclude that the inclusion of a futures contract in the Commodity 
Indices is any form of investment recommendation of the futures contract or the underlying exchange-traded 
physical commodity by Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. The information 
in this Prospectus regarding the Commodity Indices components has been derived solely from publicly 
available documents. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates has made 
any due diligence inquiries with respect to the Commodity Indices components in connection with the Micro 
and Commodity Securities. None of Bloomberg, UBS Securities or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates 
makes any representation that these publicly available documents or any other publicly available information 
regarding the Commodity Indices components, including without limitation a description of factors that affect 
the prices of such components, are accurate or complete. 
NONE OF BLOOMBERG UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES 
GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMODITY INDICES OR 
ANY DATA RELATED THERETO AND NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR 
SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR 
INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR 
SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS 
TO BE OBTAINED BY THE ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE MICRO AND COMMODITY SECURITIES OR 
ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE COMMODITY INDICES OR ANY DATA 
RELATED THERETO. NONE OF BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES 
OR AFFILIATES MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS 
ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE 
WITH RESPECT TO THE COMMODITY INDICES OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. WITHOUT 
LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL BLOOMBERG, UBS SECURITIES OR ANY 
OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR 
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF NOTIFIED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
11PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to Commodity Securities. The legally binding Conditions 
of Commodity Securities are set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities) of this 
Prospectus. Copies of the Trust Instrument, by which Commodity Securities are constituted, are available 
for inspection as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information) under the heading “Documents 
Available for Inspection”. 
Commodity Securities are Priced by Reference to Micro Securities 
For convenience, this Prospectus generally refers to Commodity Securities, being Individual Securities or 
Index Securities. To facilitate the establishment and Rebalancing of Index Securities, the Commodity 
Securities are priced by reference to Micro Securities, with each such Commodity Security being notionally 
equivalent to a number of Micro Securities of one or more classes (which in this Prospectus are referred to 
as being “comprised in” the Commodity Securities). Individual Securities and Index Securities are however 
separate securities from the Micro Securities and are recorded on a separate Register (for each class), but 
the amount payable on their Redemption is determined by reference to the price of Micro Securities and 
they can (when in Certificated Form) be surrendered in exchange for such Micro Securities (which is why 
such Commodity Securities are said in this Prospectus to be “comprised of” Micro Securities). The 
appropriate numbers and classes of Micro Securities may likewise be surrendered in exchange for 
Commodity Securities. Micro Securities will generally only be issued on surrender in exchange for 
Commodity Securities or when an Index Security cannot be fully priced (as described below under 
“Applications and Redemptions — Settlement Pricing”) but may be redeemed in the same manner as 
Commodity Securities. However the Redemption Fee will be applicable to such redemption, irrespective of 
the number of Micro Securities redeemed. Applications for Micro Securities will not be accepted unless the 
Issuer in its discretion determines to do so. If an application for Micro Securities is accepted, the same 
procedures as apply to applications for Individual Securities will apply. 
A Micro Security is an undated limited recourse secured debt security of the Issuer to be issued pursuant 
to, and constituted by, the Trust Instrument. 
A Micro Security of a particular class at any time has a Price equal to one millionth of the Price of an 
Individual Security of that same class at that same time and an Individual Security is comprised of one 
million Micro Securities of that same class. 
An Index Security is comprised of a defined number of Micro Securities of a number of different classes. 
The numbers and classes of Micro Securities which together comprise an Index Security are subject to 
change from time to time, as set out below under the heading “Rebalancing of Index Securities”. 
Pricing of Commodity Securities 
A Commodity Security entitles an Authorised Participant (subject to certain conditions) to require the 
redemption of the Commodity Security at the Price of that Commodity Security calculated on the relevant 
Pricing Day (day T) and to receive such amount, in US Dollars, on the Redemption Payment Date (normally 
day T+2). 
Individual Securities will usually be priced on each day on which there is trading in the Designated Contract 
on the Relevant Exchange and pricing will be based on the relevant Individual Commodity Index published 
at the end of the day (subject to Market Disruption Events occurring, which will result in pricing being 
deferred until the next available Pricing Day). Index Securities will only be priced on a day where each and 
every commodity represented in the relevant Index Security is priced that day. 
Not all classes of Individual Securities have the same Pricing Days (because the Exchanges used in 
calculating the Individual Commodity Indices are different). However, if a day is not a Pricing Day for a 
particular class of Classic Individual Security, then it will generally not be a pricing day for the class of Longer 
Dated Individual Security priced by reference to the same Individual Commodity Index. Consequently there 
will be days on which Prices are calculated and published for some classes of Individual Securities but not 
others and consequently for some Index Securities but not others. 
Prices will be calculated for each Commodity Security following the end of each day which is a Pricing

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Day for each component of that Commodity Security, and the Issuer’s calculations of such Prices will be 
posted on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
In certain circumstances the Calculation Agent may under the Facility Agreements declare a day to be a 
Market Disruption Day for one or more Individual Commodity Indices and, if so, the Individual Securities and 
Index Securities which use such Indices to determine their price will not be priced that day even if Individual 
Commodity Indices are published for such on that day, whereupon the mechanism described under the 
heading “Market Disruption Days” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) and under the 
headings “Applications and Redemptions — Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions — 
Redemption Processes” below will operate. 
Commodity Securities will be priced and settled in US Dollars. A Price will be calculated by the Issuer for each 
class of Individual Security on each day that is a Pricing Day for that class. The Individual Commodity Indices 
will be those calculated and published for that Pricing Day. The Indices are currently published to three places 
of decimals. The Price will be calculated to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards. 
Pricing of Individual Securities 
The Price for each class of Classic Individual Security and Longer Dated Individual Security, for each Pricing 
Day for that class, will be as follows: 
 
Price(i,t) = I(i,t) x M(i,t) x PF(i,t) / 10 
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
Price(i,t) 
is the Price of an Individual Security of class i for day t; 
I(i,t) 
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to an Individual 
Security of class i for day t; 
M(i,t) 
is the Multiplier for day t; and 
PF(i,t) 
is the Pool Factor applicable to the relevant class of Individual Security on day t. 
Multiplier 
As at 30 June 2020 the Multiplier for all classes of Classic Commodity Securities was 0.9950122 and for all 
classes of Longer Dated Commodity Securities was 0.9381539. The Multiplier is calculated as follows: 
 
M(i,t) = M(i,t–1) x (1 + CA(i,t)); 
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable day; 
M(i,t) 
is the Multiplier of a Classic Individual Security or Longer Dated Individual Security of class i for 
day t; 
M(i,t–1) 
is the Multiplier of a Classic Individual Security or Longer Dated Individual Security of class i for 
the previous day t–1; and 
CA(i,t) 
is the Capital Adjustment of a Classic Individual Security or Longer Dated Individual Security of 
class i applicable on day t, expressed as a decimal.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
The Multiplier for Classic Securities and Longer Dated Securities reflects the Capital Adjustment (as 
described in greater detail under the heading “The Capital Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?)). As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
Multiplier is the same for all classes of Classic Individual Securities and all classes of Longer Dated Individual 
Securities however, the Multiplier for Longer Dated Securities is not the same as the Multiplier for Classic 
Securities. In future, the Capital Adjustment could be changed so that the Multiplier is different for all classes 
of Classic Securities or Longer Dated Securities and the Multiplier for WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic 
Securities (and therefore WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities) may be different from the 
Multiplier for Micro Classic Securities (and Classic Individual Securities) of each other class. The Multipliers 
will be calculated daily by the Issuer to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards. 
Capital Adjustment 
The Capital Adjustment is a daily rate expressed as a percentage, which will be as agreed from time to time 
by each Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer (as described in greater detail under the heading 
“The Capital Adjustment element of the formula” in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of 
their investment?)). 
The Capital Adjustment may or may not be less than the rate of interest which an investor could earn by 
depositing funds in money markets at overnight rates, or by fully collateralising an investment in futures 
contracts. 
The Multiplier and the Capital Adjustment applying to each type of Commodity Security on each day will be 
posted by the Issuer on its website, at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
Index Securities 
Initially (save in the case of the Ex Classic Index Securities), the number of Micro Classic Securities was set 
so that the Price of each Classic Index Security was equal to one tenth of the value of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM (for the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Index Security) and various of the sub- indices 
(for the other Classic Index Securities) (expressed in dollars and divided by ten) as at the completion of 
rebalancing on 17 January 2006 and the number of Micro Longer Dated Securities was set so that the Price 
of each Longer Dated Index Security was equal to one tenth of the value of the Bloomberg Commodity Index 
3 Month ForwardSM (for the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated Index Security) and various of the 
sub-indices (for the other Longer Dated Index Securities) (expressed in dollars and divided by ten) as at 7 
September 2007. 
Excluding the impact of the Multiplier, the Classic Index Securities and the Longer Dated Index Securities have 
been designed to closely replicate the relevant Commodity Index and its various sub-indices. However, the 
Index Securities are not priced directly off such indices and differences may arise between the prices of such 
Index Securities (excluding the Multiplier) and the published levels for the Commodity Indices and the sub-
indices. In order to minimise any such differences, the Index Securities may be rebalanced from time to time 
as described below under “Rebalancing of Index Securities”. 
Pricing of Index Securities 
A Price will be calculated by the Issuer for each category of Classic Index Security and Longer Dated Index 
Security for each day that is a Pricing Day for all of the classes of Micro Securities that are comprised in that 
category of Index Security. The Price of each Micro Security is 1 millionth of the Price of an Individual Security 
of the same class. The Price of each Index Security will be the sum of the Prices of all Micro Securities 
comprised in the Index Security. The Price will be calculated to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 
rounded upwards. 
If a Market Disruption Day occurs on the Relevant Exchange for a particular Individual Commodity Index, then 
that day will not be a Pricing Day for the corresponding class of Micro Security and the mechanism described 
under “Market Disruption Days” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) will operate. 
Further information is contained under “Settlement Pricing” below. 
Illustration of Pricing Calculations

--- Page 102 ---
102 
The following table illustrates how the Price for Individual Securities and Index Securities will be calculated, 
using the Individual Commodity Indices as at 12 October 2020 on that day: 
 
Live Cattle 
Lean Hogs 
Livestock Basket 
Individual  
Securities 
 
 
 
 
Index (I) 
55.8660922 
3.07203557 
 
Multiplier (M) 
0.9923461 
0.9923461 
 
Price (I * M/10) 
5.5438416 
0.3048523 
 
Index Security 
 
 
 
Number 
of 
Microsecurities (MS) 
279,391 
1,914,555 
 
Price per MS (P) 
0.00000554 
0.00000030 
 
Total Value (MS * P) 
1.548899448 
0.583656495 
2.1325559 
Rebalancing of Index Securities 
Whenever the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is re-weighted, which is expected to occur each January, the 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM will also be rebalanced. As a result, any rebalancing of the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM will cause a rebalancing of all categories of Index Security. 
Index Securities will be Rebalanced by changing the number of Micro Securities comprised in each category 
of Index Security (a “Required Rebalancing”). In addition, at any time during the year the Issuer may effect 
a Rebalancing to help reduce tracking error with the Commodity Indices or any of the sub-indices (a 
“Voluntary Rebalancing”). There will be no change in the value of an Index Security due to a Rebalancing 
and no action is required on the part of a Security Holder. The consequence of a Rebalancing is that, 
following the Rebalancing, fewer of some classes of Micro Securities, and more of other classes of Micro 
Securities, will be comprised in an Index Security. A Rebalancing takes effect as a modification of the terms 
of an Index Security, including as to the numbers and classes of Micro Security in exchange for which it may be 
surrendered, but no Micro Securities are in fact created, issued, cancelled or redeemed. 
Because there is no change to the value of an Index Security through the Rebalancing process, there will 
be no cash payment to or from the Issuer. 
The Issuer will advise Security Holders of any Rebalancing, at least seven days prior to a Rebalancing 
commencing, through an RIS. After a Rebalancing is completed, the Issuer will advise the number of Micro 
Securities which are thereafter comprised in each Index Security, through an RIS prior to trading 
commencing on the first Trading Day on which the completed Rebalancing applies. 
Required Rebalancing 
A Required Rebalancing occurs whenever there is a rebalancing of the Relevant Commodity Index being the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM for Classic Index Securities and the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM for Longer Dated Index Securities. 
For a Required Rebalancing, the number of Micro Securities comprised in each Index Security will be 
adjusted using the CIPs as published each year (usually in July of the previous year). Such adjustment 
will generally occur on the sixth to tenth General Trading Days in January and will result in the number

--- Page 103 ---
103 
of Micro Securities of each class comprised in each Index Security of each category being reduced or 
increased over such period to reach a target number of such Micro Securities, which in turn is based on 
the rebalanced effective percentage weights for the Bloomberg Commodity Index
SM or the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month Forward
SM (as the case may be). This process is intended to achieve the result that 
the effective weights of each commodity in the Index Securities of each category is re-weighted to the same 
extent as in the Commodity Indices. 
Voluntary Rebalancing 
A Voluntary Rebalancing may be generally effected if the Issuer decides there is sufficient tracking error with 
the Relevant Commodity Index or any of its sub-indices as to warrant a Rebalancing. A Rebalancing effected 
to reduce tracking error may reduce tracking error going forward but will not correct any tracking error to that 
date. 
As there will be no change in value, a Rebalancing will not re-set the Price of an Index Security (excluding the 
Multiplier or Capital Adjustment where relevant). 
A Voluntary Rebalancing will generally be effected on a single day and will result in the number of Micro 
Securities comprised in each category of Index Security being adjusted using the ECIPs of the Relevant 
Commodity Index. 
Extended Voluntary Rebalancing 
When giving notice of a Voluntary Rebalancing, the Issuer may elect to effect such Voluntary Rebalancing over 
the entire Roll Period — an “Extended Voluntary Rebalancing”. If so, the Extended Voluntary Rebalancing 
will use the same process as for a Required Rebalancing, commencing with the ECIPs and Prices of 
Commodity Securities on the Rebalancing Calculation Date for that Roll Period. 
Rebalancing Methodology 
The methodology used to effect a Rebalancing requires certain inputs, the three main inputs being the Price 
of each Index Security and the weights and Prices of the relevant Micro Securities. For all Rebalancings, the 
relevant Price (rather than Index) is used, being the Price of the relevant Index Security and Micro Securities 
on the Rebalancing Calculation Date. The weightings to be used will be based on the CIPs (for a Required 
Rebalancing) or the ECIPs (for Voluntary Rebalancing) on the Rebalancing Calculation Date. These inputs 
will then be used in the Rebalancing calculations using the methodology discussed above. While CIPs are 
approved by the Index Oversight Committee in advance for the purposes of re-balancing annually the 
Commodity Indices as described under the heading “Composition and Weightings” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index Family), ECIPs are the effective weights of the Relevant Commodity Index and its sub-
indices, reflecting movements in the Individual Commodity Indices since the previous Rebalancing, as 
calculated and published by Bloomberg. Where effective percentage weights are used in connection with 
Longer Dated Index Securities for the purposes of a Required Rebalancing, the weights are determined by 
the Calculation Agent but are not subject to approval by the Index Oversight Committee or publication by 
Bloomberg. 
Authorised Participants 
Only Authorised Participants may request the Issuer to create or redeem Commodity Securities, save where, 
as noted elsewhere in this document, on the date on which a Redemption Form is lodged there are no 
Authorised Participants or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders will be permitted 
and the Security Holder submits a notice of redemption in the form prescribed for such circumstances by 
the Issuer. A person can only be an Authorised Participant if it is: (a) a securities house or other market 
professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); and (b) an Authorised Person, an Exempt 
Person or an Overseas Person. An Authorised Participant must also have entered into: (a) an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing with, amongst other things, the rights and obligations of the 
Authorised Participant in relation to applying for and redeeming Commodity Securities and (b) a Direct 
Agreement with a Commodity Contract Counterparty, under which, amongst other things, the Authorised 
Participant and the Commodity Contract Counterparty provide undertakings to each other regarding the 
settlement of moneys payable for applications and redemptions. 
Authorised Participant Agreements have been entered into with ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V., Banca 
IMI S.p.A., Bluefin Europe LLP, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP, Goldman

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Sachs International, Jane Street Financial Limited, Merrill Lynch International, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, Optiver VOF, Susquehanna International Securities Limited, Susquehanna Ireland Limited, 
UBS AG, London Branch, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited and Société Générale, the terms of which (as 
amended) are summarised in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
Under the Facility Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to give notice (with 
immediate effect) that an Authorised Participant has ceased to be acceptable to it in certain circumstances, 
including if it deems such person to be unacceptable to it as an Authorised Participant for credit, compliance, 
general business policy or reputational reasons. As a result of any exercises of such right there could at any 
time be no Authorised Participants. 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times for the duration of the Programme 
there are at least two Authorised Participants. In the event that at any time there are no Authorised 
Participants, Security Holders will be permitted to redeem Commodity Securities respectively held by them 
directly from the Issuer. 
Applications and Redemptions 
All applications for and redemptions of Commodity Securities and redemptions of Micro Securities, and the 
matching creation and termination of Commodity Contracts, may be effected using the pricing formulae 
described above (“Settlement Pricing”) which is based on Indices calculated using end of day settlement 
pricing for the various Designated Contracts. 
However, to enable Authorised Participants and Commodity Contract Counterparties to have the flexibility to 
agree, between themselves, intra-day or other pricing for Commodity Securities and Micro Securities 
(“Agreed Pricing”) and hence for matching Commodity Contracts, issues and redemptions may be effected 
at any price and in any amount agreed between an Authorised Participant and a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and notified to the Issuer. The rights of all other security holders to receive Settlement Pricing 
for a redemption of their Micro or Commodity Securities will not be impacted by any Agreed Pricing. 
The application and redemption procedures to be followed by Authorised Participants, the Issuer and the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties are set out in the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Facility 
Agreement and are summarised below. These procedures may be amended at any time by agreement 
between the relevant parties. 
Application Processes 
Commodity Securities may be issued on the Application of an Authorised Participant during the period of 12 
months from the date of this document. There is no minimum number of Commodity Securities that must be 
applied for (but there is a Minimum Creation Amount for the creation of Commodity Contracts on any Pricing 
Day, and if that Minimum Creation Amount is not achieved through applications for corresponding 
Commodity Securities by all Authorised Participants, the Commodity Contract Counterparty may elect that 
no creations of Commodity Contracts of that class or category will occur, in which case no Commodity 
Securities of that class or category will be issued). The Issuer will decline Applications if it cannot for any 
reason create corresponding Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. 
The Minimum Creation Amount is as follows: 
 
(a) 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Individual Securities, US$50,000 per 
class of Individual Security; or 
(b) 
for the creation of Commodity Contracts in relation to the issue of Index Securities, US$100,000 per 
category of Index Security. 
An Authorised Participant may subscribe for Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing or, if agreed with 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty using Agreed Pricing. In either case, Commodity Securities will only be 
issued if corresponding Commodity Contracts can be created by the Issuer for the same amount.  
Application Moneys for all Commodity Securities must be paid by Applicants directly to the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty by the Authorised Participant making the Application, via CREST. Legal 
title to Commodity Securities will be transferred by means of the CREST system and evidenced by an entry 
on the Register.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Settlement of Commodity Securities on issue will only be made against payment in CREST and only 
after: 
(a) (subject as set out under “The System” below) receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form; 
(b) the creation of matching Commodity Contracts; and 
(c) Listing in respect of such Commodity Securities having become effective. 
If an Applicant does not make payment for the full amount of the Commodity Securities to be issued on the 
due date for payment or the following Business Day, the Issuer may elect by notice to the Applicant to cancel 
the Application. Alternatively the Issuer may elect to enforce against the relevant Applicant the obligation of 
that Applicant to pay for the Commodity Securities applied for. 
The procedures required to be followed when making an Application depend on whether Agreed Pricing or 
Settlement Pricing is being used. 
Agreed Pricing 
There are no restrictions on the number of Commodity Securities that can be applied for, the time for lodging 
the Application or the settlement date, other than the requirement for the Issuer to receive the requisite 
signed documents from both the Authorised Participant and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
not later than two London Business Days prior to the proposed settlement date. 
Settlement Pricing 
The following procedures apply when Settlement Pricing is used in an Application: 
• 
an Application for Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing may only be made on a General 
Trading Day (a day which is a Trading Day on all of the Exchanges); 
• 
a Price will be determined for each class relevant to a valid Application on the day of Application if it 
is a Pricing Day for that class; if it is not a Pricing Day (because it is a Market Disruption Day for the 
relevant Individual Commodity Index), then the Price will be determined on the next Pricing Day for 
that class; 
• 
if the Application is for Index Securities, and a Price has been determined for some but not all 
components of those securities by the fourth General Trading Day following the day on which it was 
deemed received, the Application will be deemed to be split into two — one for Micro Securities 
comprised in that Index Security for which a Price has been determined and another for Micro 
Securities comprised in that Index Security for which a Price has not been determined (which will be 
treated as a new Application for those Micro Securities); an Application received by the Issuer after 
8.00 a.m. and before 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on 
a Pricing Day for Micro Securities comprised in that Index Security applied for (day T) will enable the 
Authorised Participant to be registered as the Security Holder in respect of the relevant Micro 
Securities within two London Business Days (that is, on a T+2 basis), provided that such day and 
the immediately preceding day are each a New York Business Day, and if not then on the next 
following Business Day; 
• 
a valid Application remains in force until a Price has been determined for all classes relevant to that 
Application; if a Price cannot be determined on the day of Application, then it may be cancelled at 
any time prior to the Notice Deadline on the day on which a Price can be determined or, if the 
Application is for Index Securities, the fourth General Trading Day when, if it is split in two, only that 
second, delayed Application can be cancelled (as the first, priced Application for the Micro Securities 
comprised in the affected Index Securities will have been priced on that day), in the same manner 
as a new Application; 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer after 8.00 a.m. and before 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes 
prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on a General Trading Day which is not a Pricing Day for 
all components of the Commodity Securities applied for will be valid, but day T will not occur until 
a Price has been determined for all components, and accordingly the Authorised Participant will 
be registered as the Security Holder in respect of the relevant Commodity Securities, two London 
Business Days after a Price has been determined for all components (that is, on a T+2 basis),

--- Page 106 ---
106 
provided that such day and the immediately preceding day are each a New York Business Day, and 
if not then on the next following Business Day; 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer after 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable 
Notice Deadline) but before 6.30 p.m. on a General Trading Day will be valid, but will be treated as 
having been received at 8.00 a.m. on the next following General Trading Day (unless the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty agrees otherwise, in which case it will be treated as having been 
received prior to 2.30 p.m. on that General Trading Day); 
• 
an Application received by the Issuer prior to 8.00 a.m. or after 6.30 p.m. on a General Trading Day, 
or on a day which is not a General Trading Day, will only be valid if the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty confirms to the Issuer that corresponding Commodity Contracts will be created 
notwithstanding the time of submission of the Application; 
• 
upon receipt and confirmation of a valid Application, the Issuer will send a Creation Notice to the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty creating such number of Commodity Contracts as 
correspond to the Application, and will confirm its receipt of such Creation Notice; and 
• 
following publication of the relevant Individual Commodity Indices, the Issuer will calculate the Price 
of all Commodity Securities to be issued to each Applicant and will confirm such Price with each 
Applicant and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by 12 noon on the following Business 
Day. 
Under each Facility Agreement, the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty is bound by the creation of 
Commodity Contracts by the Issuer on any Pricing Day for components of Commodity Securities 
corresponding to those Commodity Contracts, provided that the applicable Creation Notice is lodged with 
the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable 
Notice Deadline) on a General Trading Day. 
Allocation of Commodity Contracts 
Under the Trust Instrument there are no restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which 
Commodity Contracts should be created when Commodity Securities are issued, nor are there any 
restrictions on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be 
terminated. Subject as may otherwise be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and Commodity 
Contract Counterparties, under the Facility Agreements and for so long as they remain in force and no 
notices (such as those referred to under the heading “Compulsory Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities)) have been given thereunder, there are no restrictions (other than Creation Limits 
and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised 
Participant) on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be created 
when Commodity Securities are issued, nor are there any restrictions (other than Redemption Limits and any 
limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty in relation to any particular Authorised Participant) 
on the Commodity Contract Counterparty with which Commodity Contracts should be terminated. Except in 
the case of Agreed Pricing, the Issuer may determine in each case the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty. 
The Issuer has implemented procedures which (subject to applicable Creation Limits and Redemption 
Limits, availability of Commodity Contracts and any limits imposed by any Commodity Contract Counterparty 
in relation to any particular Authorised Participant) are intended to have the following effects: 
• 
in a case where an application is made for Commodity Securities by an Authorised Participant which 
is, or an affiliate of which is, a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the equivalent Commodity Contracts 
should be entered into with that Commodity Contract Counterparty (and referred to as its “Firm 
Contracts”); and 
• 
other applications will result in the creation of “Pool Contracts” and will generally be allocated by the 
Issuer to one or other Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with policies and procedures 
agreed from time to time between them. 
The Issuer reserves the right to allocate creations or terminations of Commodity Contracts amongst 
Commodity Contract Counterparties in a manner other than as described above on a case by case or 
on a more general basis. If further additional Commodity Contract Counterparties are appointed then 
they may be appointed on a basis that they are allocated creations (and terminations) relating either to Firm 
Contracts only, or both Pool Contracts and Firm Contracts.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
In the event that the Issuer determines to divide a Pool as described under the heading “Consolidation and 
Division of Micro and Commodity Securities” below and in accordance with Condition 20.3, the Conditions 
provide that outstanding valid Redemption Forms given (save in the case where notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date was given prior to the division becoming effective in which case certain other timings may 
apply) prior to the division becoming effective will be treated as having been given in respect of the Pool to 
which following any division the attributable Commodity Contracts had been allocated. This may have the 
effect that a Security Holder which has lodged a valid Redemption Form prior to a division becoming 
effective will be treated following the division as owning only Micro and Commodity Securities attributable to 
a single Pool rather than both Pools as described under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Micro and 
Commodity Securities” below, and this could be the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Lower 
Credit (as defined under the heading “Consolidation and Division of Micro and Commodity Securities” below 
are transferred. 
Redemption Processes 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of all or any of its Micro or 
Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing or, if agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty, using 
Agreed Pricing. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may only require the redemption of any of its Micro 
or Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing and only if, on a General Trading Day, there are no 
Authorised Participants and the Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on such day or the Issuer 
has announced that redemptions by Security Holders will be permitted and the Security Holder submits a 
notice of redemption in the form prescribed for such circumstances by the Issuer. Payment on redemption 
to persons who are not Authorised Participants may be subject to their giving to the Issuer and the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty certain beneficial owner certifications to assess whether such payments 
should be subject to withholding or deduction for taxes. 
Payment of the Redemption Amount will be made by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, in 
respect of the termination of corresponding Commodity Contract from the Issuer, directly to the relevant 
Authorised Participant redeeming the Commodity Securities, via CREST. 
The procedures required to be followed when lodging a Redemption Form are the same as for making an 
Application, other than for the following procedures used for Settlement Pricing: 
• 
if a valid Redemption Form requesting Settlement Pricing is lodged with the Issuer after 8.00 a.m. and 
before 2.30 p.m. (or, if earlier, 30 minutes prior to the applicable Notice Deadline) on a General Trading 
Day, and that day is a Pricing Day for each class which is a component of the Commodity Securities 
which are the subject of the Redemption Form, the applicable Redemption Payment Date (on which 
the redemption will be settled) will be two Business Days following that Pricing Day, or such later 
date (being a Business Day, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day) as is specified in the Redemption Form; and 
• 
when Micro or Commodity Securities are to be redeemed, the Issuer will terminate an Equivalent 
Number of Commodity Contracts, subject to the Issuer’s discretion to elect to satisfy Redemption 
Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Micro or Commodity Securities to one or more 
Applicants from Security Holders seeking redemption. 
Further details of the procedure relating to Redemptions are set out in the Conditions in Part 7 (Trust 
Instrument and Commodity Securities) below. 
If a Counterparty Event of Default is subsisting, then Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants 
will not have a right to redeem, however the Trustee may, at its discretion and shall if so directed in writing by 
Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature (or if no Price 
was determined on that date, the most recently determined Price)) of all Micro and Commodity Securities 
then outstanding or pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a duly called meeting of the Security 
Holders (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such 
proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any 
obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deeds in 
respect of all Micro and Commodity Securities.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
The System 
The Issuer has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website and has agreed provisions with the 
Commodity Contract Counterparties and certain of the Authorised Participants to enable use of such system 
in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised 
Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and Redemptions. 
It is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will be requested using the System. In the 
event of a failure in the System, Applications may be made and Redemptions may be requested using the 
forms and notices described under the headings “Applications and Redemptions – Application Processes”, 
“Applications and Redemptions – Settlement Pricing” and “Applications and Redemptions – Redemption 
Processes” above and under the heading “Commodity Contracts” in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts). 
Creation Limits and Redemption Limit 
There are two separate Creation Limits, one a total limit and the other a daily limit. Unless otherwise agreed 
by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the total limit is that Commodity Contracts cannot be created under 
the Facility Agreement with it to the extent that the Aggregate Outstanding Contracts Price would exceed 
US$7.0 billion (US$7,000,000,000). 
The daily limit is class-specific. Unless otherwise agreed by a Commodity Contract Counterparty, 
Commodity Contracts of a particular class may not be created under the Facility Agreement with it on a day 
to the extent that the sum of the Prices of all Commodity Contracts of that class which are created under 
that Facility Agreement on that day would exceed a specified amount, which for Classic Commodity Contracts 
and Longer Dated Commodity Contracts of a class relating to commodities currently included in the 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM is equal to US$250 million multiplied by the CIP of the relevant commodity 
on that day, rounded upwards to the next million US Dollars, for Classic Commodity Contracts and Longer 
Dated Commodity Contracts of a class relating to commodities not currently included in the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM (cocoa, gas oil, lead, platinum and tin) is US$7.5 million, save that if the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM is subsequently calculated by reference to prices of commodities including any such 
commodity, the limit in respect of that commodity will be the higher of US$7.5 million and the product of 
US$250 million and the CIP of the relevant commodity on that day, rounded upwards to the next million US 
Dollars. 
The Redemption Limit is also a daily limit, and also class-specific. It is the same amount per class as the daily 
Creation Limit (unless the Commodity Contract Counterparty otherwise agrees). 
For the purposes of the Creation and Redemption Limits, Application Forms and Redemption Forms are 
dealt with in strict time priority by reference to the date and time of their receipt. 
The Creation Limits and Redemption Limit in a Facility Agreement may be amended by written agreement of 
the Issuer and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty. If they are amended, the Issuer will make an 
announcement by RIS. 
Compulsory Redemptions 
There are circumstances in which Micro and Commodity Securities can be compulsorily redeemed by the 
Issuer, either in whole or in part, as set out fully in the Conditions. 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice (or seven days’ notice in the event that 
a Facility Agreement is terminated) by RIS announcement to the Security Holders, redeem all Individual 
Securities or Micro Securities of a particular class or all Index Securities of a particular category. The Trustee 
may, at any time, where an Issuer Insolvency Event or a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, upon 20 Business Days’ notice to the Issuer, require the Issuer to redeem all Micro and 
Commodity Securities, whereupon the Issuer will exercise its right to redeem such Securities. 
Bloomberg may cease to publish an Individual Commodity Index. If so, the Issuer has and may exercise the 
right to redeem all Individual Securities and Micro Securities of the class relating to that Individual 
Commodity Index.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
The Conditions provide that the amount payable upon a Redemption of a Micro Security of a particular class 
under Settlement Pricing will be the higher of the Principal Amount for that class and the Price of such Micro 
Security on the applicable Pricing Day. As each class of Micro and Commodity Security is a limited recourse 
security as described in Condition 3.2, it is in the interests of the Security Holders of each type to ensure 
that the Price for each relevant class of Micro Securities does not fall below its Principal Amount. The Issuer 
will aim to avoid the Price of a class of Micro Security falling below its Principal Amount by the following 
measures: the Issuer may (i) where necessary, seek the sanction of Security Holders by Extraordinary 
Resolution to reduce the Principal Amount of a class of Micro Security (and of Commodity Securities to the 
extent they comprise Micro Securities of that class) to a level less than its Price; and/or (ii) if on any Pricing 
Day the Price of any class of Micro Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Micro Security or 
below, the Issuer may, at any time for so long as the Price remains below such amount and during the period 
60 days thereafter, upon not less than two days’ notice by RIS announcement, elect to redeem the Micro 
Securities of that class (and all types of Commodity Securities which are comprised, in whole or in part, of 
Micro Securities of that class). The right pursuant to (ii) above will cease once an Extraordinary Resolution 
is passed to reduce the Principal Amount such that the Price is more than 2.5 times the Principal Amount, 
subject to any further fall in the Price of any class of Micro Securities to 2.5 times the Principal Amount or 
below. 
If MLI as the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer 
pursuant to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in connection 
therewith) that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United Kingdom of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation Agent of a substitute 
index value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, the Issuer may 
determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 
7.1(a) (and such Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to suspend the right to Redeem the Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a)). Any suspension will not affect any Redemption the 
Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption 
Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a) is suspended will be invalid. The Issuer may at any time 
(upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory 
Redemption Date for all Commodity Securities of a particular class if the right to Redeem the Commodity 
Securities of that class pursuant to Condition 7.1(a), has been so suspended for at least 30 calendar days. 
Under each Facility Agreement, each Commodity Contract Counterparty has the right to terminate some or 
all of the Commodity Contracts of a particular class if for any reason it is unable to maintain the hedging 
positions which (acting reasonably) it attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the Facility 
Agreement or Commodity Contracts of one or more classes. In such a case, the Issuer has and will exercise 
the right to redeem the Micro Securities and Individual Securities of that class corresponding to such 
Commodity Contracts. In some cases this may require the Issuer to redeem Index Securities if Micro 
Securities of that class are comprised therein. The Issuer reserves the right in its absolute discretion to 
determine which type or types of Micro and Commodity Securities will be redeemed in that circumstance. 
Where less than all of the Micro and Commodity Securities of a particular type are to be redeemed, the 
redemptions will apply to all Security Holders holding Micro and Commodity Securities of that type, pro rata 
to their holdings. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than 14 Trading Days’ written notice, redeem any 
Micro and Commodity Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors, held by 
Security Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance with the 
conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
MLI and CGML have each only agreed to provide Commodity Contracts to the Issuer for ten years from 24 
October 2017 (although each Commodity Contract Counterparty may terminate its Facility Agreement on 3 
months’ notice). If the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty does not agree to provide Commodity 
Contracts beyond such date or if either or both Commodity Contract Counterparties chooses to terminate its 
Facility Agreement earlier, then the Commodity Contracts with it will expire and unless they are replaced by 
Commodity Contracts with another Commodity Contract Counterparty the Issuer will elect to redeem some 
or all of the outstanding Micro and Commodity Securities. 
Where a compulsory redemption occurs, the Micro and Commodity Securities to be redeemed will be priced 
in the normal way as set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) and will include an adjustment 
for interest as more fully described in the Conditions, but depending on the number of Micro and Commodity

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Securities to be redeemed this pricing may occur over a period of more than one day. Details of the 
circumstances in which this could occur are set out in the Conditions. 
If at that time Security Holders other than Authorised Participants hold the Commodity Securities being 
redeemed, the Redemption Amount payable to those Security Holders will be paid by the Commodity 
Contract Counterparties either to accounts of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the Security Holders of 
the relevant classes or to the Trustee for the benefit of such Security Holders, and will be paid to those Security 
Holders by the Issuer or the Trustee. 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on the issue and redemption of Micro and 
Commodity Securities and not by investors who buy and sell Micro or Commodity Securities on the 
secondary market, including the London Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants an Application Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) (or 
such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) for each 
Application, regardless of the number of Micro or Commodity Securities being issued. 
The Issuer will also charge Authorised Participants a Redemption Fee of £500 (including any applicable VAT) 
(or such other amount as may be accepted by the Issuer, either generally or on any particular occasion) for 
each Redemption Form, regardless of the number of Micro or Commodity Securities being redeemed. In the 
event of a compulsory redemption or a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant submitting a 
Redemption Form in circumstances where there is no Authorised Participant, as described above, the Issuer 
will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such Redemption Form, 
including costs of enquiries under Condition 15 (Enquiries as to status of Security Holders) and of giving the 
redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and that amount will be charged by the Issuer by way of a 
deduction from the redemption proceeds due to such Security Holder. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of VAT 
payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written 
notice to Authorised Participants and through a RIS. 
Right to Satisfy Applications and Redemptions by Transfer 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, in its discretion, elect to satisfy Application Forms and 
Redemption Forms by transfer of the appropriate number of Micro or Commodity Securities to one or more 
Applicants from the Security Holder(s) seeking redemption. For this purpose, a Security Holder seeking 
redemption will be deemed to have authorised the Issuer to transfer such Security Holder’s Micro or 
Commodity Securities as are the subject of the Redemption Form to a third party, on such Security Holder’s 
behalf, provided that the amount payable by the Authorised Participant shall still be an amount equal to the 
relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (plus the Application Fee) and the amount receivable by the 
Security Holder shall still be the relevant Price on the applicable Pricing Day (less the Redemption Fee), 
and the relevant Redemption Payment Date will be the date of the transfer. 
Security 
All rights of the Issuer in relation to the Facility Agreements, the Commodity Contracts, the Guarantees, the 
Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, to the extent applicable to each Pool will be the subject 
of a first-ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee under the applicable Security Deed to secure the 
obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of Micro Securities and 
Individual Securities of the relevant class and the Index Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro 
Securities of that class. 
Consolidation and Division of Micro and Commodity Securities 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might wish to effect a consolidation or division of a particular type 
of Micro or Commodity Security. 
For example, if a class of Micro and Individual Security was backed by corresponding Commodity Contracts 
from two or more different Commodity Contract Counterparties and one of them (the “Lower Credit”) had,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
for example, a significant credit rating downgrade, it may be necessary or desirable, in order to ensure that 
the value of the Micro and Individual Securities (and Index Securities to the extent they comprise Micro 
Securities of that class) reflects the value of the relevant commodity futures contract, for the Commodity 
Contracts from the Lower Credit to be excluded from that class. This could be effected by the Commodity 
Contracts from the Lower Credit being transferred into a new Pool and the Issuer creating and issuing new 
Micro and Commodity Securities secured by that new Pool on a one-for-one basis with the Pool Factor on 
both classes being adjusted accordingly. Investors of the affected class would then hold two Micro or 
Commodity Securities for each one they held previously and the Pool Factor would be split between the two. 
For example, if the Commodity Contracts from the Lower Credit comprised 30 per cent. of the aggregate 
number of Commodity Contracts in the Pool and the Pool Factor before the transfer was 1.00, then the Pool 
Factor following the division would be 0.70 on the old class and 0.30 on the new class. 
A division, without creating a new class, or a consolidation of the same class, might also be effected to 
change the Multiplier for Commodity Securities so that it became approximately 1.00. For example, if the 
Multiplier has risen to 2.00, a two for one division of each Micro or Commodity Security of the relevant types 
would mean that the Multiplier for those types would again amount to 1.00. Similarly, if the Multiplier fell to 
0.5 then a one for two consolidation would mean that the Multiplier would again be 1.00. 
The Issuer may also consolidate or divide all of the Commodity Securities of any type into Commodity 
Securities of the same type without adjusting their Multiplier by instead changing the number of Micro 
Securities of which they are comprised. In such circumstances any Security Holder’s aggregate holding of 
Commodity Securities would change but the aggregate number of Micro Securities of which such holding 
was comprised, and its value, would be unchanged. 
The Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to effect either a consolidation or division 
and to allocate Commodity Contracts into a new Pool representing a new class of Micro and Individual 
Securities and new categories of Index Securities to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of that 
class, and need not obtain Listing for any such new types of Micro and Commodity Securities. The Issuer 
will only take such action if it believes it is in the interest of the affected Security Holders to do so.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
12PART 5 
DESCRIPTION OF FACILITY AGREEMENTS AND COMMODITY CONTRACTS 
All Micro and Commodity Securities will be backed by corresponding Commodity Contracts with 
corresponding terms. Each class of Micro Securities has a corresponding class of Commodity Contract. Each 
time Micro or Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed the Issuer will create or terminate 
corresponding Commodity Contracts, exactly matching the number and classes of Micro Securities in 
question or which are comprised in the Commodity Securities in question. Commodity Contracts will be 
created and terminated by the Issuer under a Facility Agreement with a Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer has Facility Agreements in force with MLI and CGML. 
As the Issuer is a special purpose company, whose only assets attributable to Commodity Securities will be 
rights under the Facility Agreements and the Commodity Contracts, the Security Agreements and the 
Guarantees, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations upon redemption of Micro and Commodity 
Securities will be wholly dependent on its ability to receive payment on termination of Commodity Contracts 
from the Commodity Contract Counterparties or from BAC (in the case of MLI) or CGMH (in the case of 
CGML) under the applicable Guarantee or the realisation of Collateral under the applicable Security 
Agreement and Control Agreement. The Facility Agreements, the Commodity Contracts provided thereunder, 
the Security Agreements the Citigroup Guarantee and the BAC Guarantee have characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the Micro and 
Commodity Securities, and are each governed by English law other than the Security Agreements which 
are governed by New York law. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements 
impacts on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and Part 
4 (Description of Commodity Securities). 
Facility Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the Facility Agreements with MLI and with CGML under which the Issuer can 
create and terminate on a continuous basis, subject to the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limit and 
certain other conditions, any combination of classes of Commodity Contracts. The Facility Agreements run 
until at least the tenth anniversary of 24 October 2017, subject in each case to earlier termination in 
accordance therewith, and as more fully described below. The Issuer hopes to procure an increase in the 
total number of Commodity Contracts available from the Commodity Contract Counterparties in the event 
that demand for Commodity Securities necessitates such additional capacity. 
The Facility Agreements may each be terminated by the Commodity Contract Counterparty on three months’ 
notice (simultaneously with the relevant Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement) or by not less than two 
Business Days’ notice following the occurrence of an event of default in respect of the Issuer, provided that 
the event of default was not caused by a breach by the Commodity Contract Counterparty of its obligations 
under the relevant Facility Agreement. Other termination rights in favour of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties include on the occurrence of a material adverse change (which itself includes a change in tax 
law). 
Each of the Facility Agreements may be terminated by the Issuer by not less than two Business Days’ notice 
following the occurrence of a Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, provided that the same was not caused by a breach by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
relevant Facility Agreement or by any Authorised Participant under the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement, on not less than 30 days’ notice if the Commodity Contract Counterparty gives a notice that a 
withholding or deduction is or may be required from payments to be made by it under United States law and 
upon 30 days’ notice in respect of any one or more classes of Commodity Contracts if all Micro and 
Commodity Securities of the relevant types are to be redeemed. The Issuer may also terminate a Facility 
Agreement at any time upon giving not less than three months’ notice. 
Each of the Commodity Contract Counterparties may elect to amend its Facility Agreement if the Issuer 
enters into a Facility Agreement with another Commodity Contract Counterparty to substantially conform 
its Facility Agreement to that new Facility Agreement and for this purpose the consent of the Trustee will 
not be required.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Under the Facility Agreements the Issuer may appoint Commodity Contract Counterparties in its sole 
discretion, save that if any then existing Commodity Contract Counterparty considers in its reasonable belief 
and acting in good faith that such proposed new Commodity Contract Counterparty should not be appointed 
for credit, operational, reputational or any other reasonable reasons (other than on grounds of competition) 
and so notifies the Issuer giving reasons within ten Business Days, such appointments may not become 
effective. 
The CGML Facility Agreement is substantially on the same terms as the MLI Facility Agreement, save that: 
• 
MLI will act as Calculation Agent as referred to under the headings “Calculation Agency Agreement” 
and “Calculation Agent” below for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement, as well as under 
the MLI Facility Agreement; 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement, a 
new Calculation Agent, which (save in the case of an interim Calculation Agent) is or will be a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty selected by the Issuer, shall be appointed to act as Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement; and 
• 
in the event that MLI ceases to be the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement 
following an Insolvency Event in relation to MLI or certain breaches thereof, MLI shall cease to act 
as Calculation Agent under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agent appointed for the 
purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement shall be appointed to act as Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of the MLI Facility Agreement. 
The Issuer may, but is not required to, enter into other Facility Agreements with other Commodity Contract 
Counterparties. MLI will (save as referred to in relation to the CGML Facility Agreement above and under the 
heading “Calculation Agency Agreement” below) act as Calculation Agent under any other such Facility 
Agreement. Other Facility Agreements may not be on the same terms as the MLI Facility Agreement 
or the CGML Facility Agreement. It is not the Issuer’s intention to enter into Facility Agreements for the 
purpose of spreading counterparty risk. In the event that the Issuer enters into a Facility Agreement with a 
new Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer will include in a supplementary prospectus such 
information relating to that new Commodity Contract Counterparty of which it is aware or is able to ascertain 
from information published by such new Commodity Contract Counterparty, as is required by Annex 19 of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation of 14 March 2019 (2019/980/EC). 
BAC Guarantee 
MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations thereunder and 
any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the MLI Facility Agreement have the benefit of credit support 
provided by BAC. In fulfilment of that requirement, BAC has entered into the BAC Guarantee. The principal 
provisions of the BAC Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
BAC unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the prompt payment of any and all obligations and 
liabilities of MLI under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and the 
MLI Control Agreement including, in case of default, interest on any amount due, when and as the 
same shall become due and payable, whether on the scheduled payment dates, at maturity, upon 
declaration of termination or otherwise, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or 
grace period and, at all times, in accordance with the terms of that Agreement. 
• 
In the event that MLI fails to make any payment under such Agreements when due after giving effect 
to any applicable notice requirement and grace period, BAC agrees to make such payment, or cause 
any such payment to be made, promptly upon receipt of written demand from the Issuer to BAC; 
provided that delay by the Issuer in giving such demand shall in no event affect BAC’s obligations 
under the BAC Guarantee. 
• 
BAC agrees that its obligations under the BAC Guarantee will be unconditional, irrespective of the (i) 
validity, regularity or enforceability (except as may result from any applicable statute of limitations) 
of the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control Agreement, (ii) the absence 
of any action to enforce the same, (iii) any waiver or consent by the Issuer concerning any provisions 
thereof, (iv) the rendering of any judgment against MLI or any action to enforce the same or (v) any 
other circumstances that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a guarantor or 
a defense of a guarantor, other than defense of payment.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
• 
BAC agrees that the BAC Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete payment of the 
amounts payable under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control 
Agreement. 
• 
BAC shall not be required to pay, or otherwise be liable to, the Issuer for any consequential, indirect 
or punitive damages (including, but not limited to, opportunity costs or lost profits). 
• 
The BAC Guarantee is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State 
of New York as applicable to contracts or instruments made and to be performed therein. 
• 
The BAC Guarantee may be terminated by BAC at any time by written notice to the Issuer by BAC, 
effective 10 business days following receipt of such written notice by the Issuer or at such later date 
as may be specified in such written notice, but will continue in full force and effect with respect to any 
obligation of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, MLI Security Agreement and MLI Control 
Agreement entered into prior to the effectiveness of such written notice of termination. 
Citigroup Guarantee 
CGML is required under the terms of the CGML Facility Agreement to ensure that its obligations thereunder 
and any Commodity Contracts issued pursuant to the CGML Facility Agreement have the benefit of credit 
support provided by CGMH. In fulfilment of that requirement, CGMH has entered into the Citigroup 
Guarantee. The principal provisions of the Citigroup Guarantee are as follows: 
• 
CGMH absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Issuer the due and punctual 
payment of all amounts payable (“Obligations”) by CGML under the CGML Facility Agreement, the 
CGML Security Agreement and the CGML Control Agreement (together the “Relevant Agreements”), 
whether secured or unsecured, joint or several all without regard to any counterclaim, set-off, 
deduction or defence of any kind which CGMH may have or assert, and without abatement, 
suspension, deferment or diminution on account of any event or condition whatsoever; provided, 
however, that CGMH will be entitled to exercise or assert, as the case may be, any right, claim or 
defence that is available to CGML. 
• 
The Issuer may at any time and from time to time, either before or after the maturity thereof, without 
notice to or further consent of CGMH, change the time, manner or place of payment or any other 
term of, any Obligation, exchange, release, fail to perfect or surrender any collateral for, or renew or 
change any term of any of the Obligations owing to it, and may also enter into a written agreement 
with CGML or with any other party to any of the Relevant Agreements or person liable on any 
Obligation, or interested therein, for the extension, renewal, payment, compromise, modification, 
waiver, discharge or release thereof, in whole or in part, without impairing or affecting the Citigroup 
Guarantee. 
• 
Except as referred to above, the obligations of CGMH under the Citigroup Guarantee are 
unconditional, irrespective of (i) the lack of value, genuineness, validity, or enforceability of the 
Obligations, (ii) any law, regulation or order of any jurisdiction or any other similar event affecting the 
term of any Obligation or of the Issuer’s rights with respect thereto and (iii) to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, (a) any law, rule or policy that is now or hereafter promulgated by any 
governmental authority (including any central bank) or regulatory body that may adversely affect 
CGML’s ability or obligation to make or receive such payments, (b) any nationalisation, expropriation, 
war, riot, civil commotion or other similar event, (c) any inability to convert any currency into the 
currency of payment of such obligation, and (d) any inability to transfer funds in the currency of 
payment of such obligation to the place of payment therefor. 
• 
CGMH waives demands, promptness, diligence and all notices that may be required by law or to 
perfect the Issuer’s rights under the Citigroup Guarantee except notice to CGMH of a default by 
CGML under the Relevant Agreements, provided, however, that any delay in the delivery of notice will 
in no way invalidate the enforceability of the Citigroup Guarantee. No failure, delay or single or partial 
exercise by the Issuer of its rights or remedies thereunder will operate as a waiver of such rights or 
remedies. 
• 
CGMH will not be required to pay or be liable to the Issuer for any consequential, indirect or punitive 
damages, opportunity costs or lost profits. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of New York. CGMH irrevocably consents to, for the purposes of any proceeding arising out of

--- Page 115 ---
115 
the Citigroup Guarantee, the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the 
United States District Court located in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. 
• 
The Citigroup Guarantee will remain in full force and effect until such time as it may be revoked by 
CGMH by written notice given to the Issuer, such notice to be deemed effective upon receipt thereof 
by the Issuer or at such later date as may be specified in such notice; provided, however, that such 
revocation will not limit or terminate the Citigroup Guarantee in respect of any Obligations of the Issuer 
under the Relevant Agreements which shall have been entered into prior to the effectiveness of such 
revocation. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, CGML and MLI have entered into the Calculation Agency Agreement pursuant to which MLI will 
act as Calculation Agent for the purposes of the CGML Facility Agreement. The Calculation Agency 
Agreement contains customary exculpatory terms including provisions that neither the Trustee nor any 
holder or potential holder of Commodity Securities will be entitled to rely as against the Calculation Agent upon 
any determination of the Calculation Agent and that no duty will be owed by the Calculation Agent to the 
Trustee or any holder or potential holder of Commodity Securities in connection with any such determination. 
The Calculation Agency Agreement will terminate automatically on the termination of either the CGML 
Facility Agreement or the MLI Facility Agreement and upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with 
respect to MLI. The Issuer and CGML may together terminate MLI’s appointment as calculation agent upon 
not less than 45 days’ written notice and either may do so earlier on certain breach events. MLI will be entitled 
to resign as calculation agent upon not less than 45 days’ written notice if at the time of giving such notice 
there are no, and have not for 30 days been any, Commodity Contracts outstanding under the MLI Facility 
Agreement or the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement. If MLI’s role as calculation agent is terminated 
(other than by the Issuer and CGML together absent such breach events) its role as calculation agent under 
the MLI Facility Agreement will also terminate. Where MLI’s role as calculation agent is terminated, the 
Issuer must identify and appoint a replacement calculation agent (being a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty). 
Security Agreements and Control Agreements 
The Issuer has entered into the MLI Security Agreement (which was entered into in relation to and 
supplements the MLI Facility Agreement and the MLI Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement) and the 
CGML Security Agreement (which was entered into in relation to and supplements the CGML Facility 
Agreement and the CGML Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement) under which MLI and CGML 
(respectively) have agreed to provide Collateral in respect of their Collateral Exposure at any time. The 
Collateral Exposure applicable to a Commodity Contract Counterparty is calculated each Business Day by 
both the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty and is verified between the parties each 
Business Day. 
The Issuer has also entered into the MLI Control Agreement with MLI and The Bank of New York Mellon 
(as Securities Intermediary) and the CGML Control Agreement with CGML and The Bank of New York 
Mellon (as Securities Intermediary). Under the terms of the Security Agreements and the Control 
Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty is required to post the Collateral to the Collateral 
Account in its name at the Securities Intermediary. 
Under the terms of the Control Agreements, the Securities Intermediary may (in certain circumstances) 
utilise depositaries and sub-custodians in connection with its duties under the Control Agreements. 
Provision of Collateral by the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
Each Business Day in respect of each Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Securities Intermediary is 
required to calculate the value (in accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control Agreement 
described in more detail below) of the Collateral in the relevant Collateral Account as at the close of business 
(New York time) on the previous Business Day and each Commodity Contract Counterparty must report the 
Collateral Exposure calculated as at close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. Under 
the Security Agreements and Control Agreements, MLI and CGML (respectively) are required to transfer to 
its Collateral Account securities and obligations to the value (taking into account the value of Eligible Collateral 
(described below) already credited to such account) of the Issuer’s total exposure to MLI or CGML (as

--- Page 116 ---
116 
applicable) under (inter alia) the fully paid Commodity Contracts between the Issuer and that Commodity 
Contract Counterparty at the close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day. If on any 
Business Day the aggregate value of the Collateral in the relevant Collateral Account is greater than such 
exposure, then the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty may request that the Securities Intermediary 
transfers Collateral from the Collateral Account to another account of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s choosing and such transferred Collateral will no longer form part of the Collateral for the 
purposes of the relevant Security Agreement. The Securities Intermediary may not permit a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty to transfer assets out of a Collateral Account (i) such that the total value of Collateral 
in the Collateral Account would equal less than such exposure, or (ii) without the Issuer’s consent. For these 
purposes references to the “value” of the Collateral constitute references to the value thereof determined by 
the Securities Intermediary in accordance with the valuation provisions in the Control Agreements described 
in more detail below. 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements and the Control Agreements, the Issuer may take control of the 
Collateral Account and any Collateral in the Collateral Account in certain circumstances including if a 
Collateral Account Control Event has occurred. This includes, in summary, situations where (i) a 
Counterparty Event of Default in respect of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty (not caused by 
a breach by the Issuer) has occurred, (ii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has failed to transfer 
Collateral to the relevant Collateral Account when due and such failure continues for two Business Days, 
(iii) the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty fails to comply with or perform any other provisions of or 
obligations under the relevant Security Agreement on a continuing basis, or (iv) the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty becomes insolvent. 
Description of Collateral 
Under the terms of the Security Agreements, each Commodity Contract Counterparty may only transfer 
“Eligible Collateral” into its Collateral Account. For these purposes, “Eligible Collateral” means: 
(A) 
Cash invested in government or treasury Eligible Money Market Funds denominated in US Dollars with 
a minimum long term credit rating of AAA by S&P or Aaa by Moody’s; 
(B) 
Cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible Money 
Market Funds) denominated in US Dollars with a minimum long term credit rating of AAA by S&P or 
Aaa by Moody’s; 
(C) 
stripped or unstripped publicly traded debt securities: 
(i) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. Department of Treasury with a minimum 
long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(ii) 
issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, a U.S. government agency (other than the U.S. 
Department of Treasury) whose obligations are fully guaranteed by the full faith and credit of 
the U.S. government and with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s 
or AA by Fitch; 
(iii) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the European Central Bank or an Eligible Sovereign Entity 
(other than Japan and USA) and with a minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, Aa2 by 
Moody’s or AA by Fitch; 
(iv) 
issued by, or a stripped or unstripped publicly traded asset-backed debt securities fully 
guaranteed by, a U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise that is operating with capital support 
or another form of direct financial assistance received from the U.S. government that enables 
the repayments of the U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise’s eligible securities, with a 
minimum long term issuer rating of AA by S&P, Aa2 by Moody’s or AA by Fitch; or 
(v) 
issued by, or fully guaranteed by, an Eligible Sovereign Entity being Japan with a minimum long 
term issuer rating of A- by S&P, A3 by Moody’s or A- by Fitch; 
(D) 
a debt security that is issued by, or fully guaranteed by, the Bank for International Settlements, the 
International Monetary Fund, or a multilateral development bank agreed by the Issuer including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, The European Investment Bank, Council Of 
Europe Development Bank, The Asian Development Bank and The Inter-American Development 
Bank, in each case with a minimum long term issuer rating of AAA by S&P, Aaa by Moody’s or AAA 
by Fitch; or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(E) 
Eligible Equities,  
provided that, inter alia: 
(a) 
the following may not be Eligible Collateral: 
(i) 
securities issued by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or the Issuer or any affiliate 
of either; 
(ii) 
securities issued by (inter alia) a bank holding company, a savings and loan holding company, 
a U.S. intermediate holding company established or designated for certain specified purposes, 
a non-U.S. bank, a depository institution or a market intermediary or certain affiliates of any of 
the foregoing; 
(iii) 
securities issued by a nonbank financial institution supervised by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act; or 
(iv) 
Securities from GICS Sector 40 – Financial (Equity) and BICS Sector – Financials (Fixed 
Income); 
(b) 
the inclusion of such collateral security does not cause a breach of the Issuer Concentration Limits or 
the Jurisdiction Limits set out below; 
(c) 
with respect to any bond or obligation which requires a minimum bond rating, if an issuer has long- term 
issuer ratings from each of Moody’s and S&P, the lower of the two ratings of such bond or obligation 
satisfies the minimum bond rating; 
(d) 
with respect to equities, that such equity is a member of one of the indices set out in the Collateral 
Schedule to the relevant Security Agreement (or American depository receipts or global depository 
receipts whose underlying common or preferred shares are constituents of and such index); provided 
that any such equities will only constitute Eligible Collateral where the issuer of such equity also 
appears on the S&P 500 index or the S&P 1500 Composite index; 
(e) 
the inclusion of such security would not cause the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty or the 
Issuer to breach applicable minimum regulatory requirements relating to the posting or collection of 
collateral (including, without limitation, as set out in the CFTC’s Margin Requirements for Uncleared 
Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants, 81 FR 636 (Jan 6, 2016)); and 
(f) 
with respect to any bond or equity, that if and for so long as daily market pricing has remained 
unavailable to the Securities Intermediary for a period of three Business Days, such bond or equity shall 
not be treated as Eligible Collateral. 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Issuer Concentration Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means that with respect to: 
(a) 
Eligible Money Market Funds (not being government or treasury Eligible Money Market Funds) 
denominated in US Dollars of such Collateral Account of any one issuer may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than of 25 per cent. of the aggregate value of the Collateral in respect of 
such Collateral Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with Eligible Money Market Funds issued by other issuers, constitute more than 75 
per cent. of the aggregate value of the collateral in respect of such Collateral Account; and 
(iii) 
when taken with shares or units of the same Eligible Money Market Fund held in any other 
Collateral Account of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, constitute more than 20 
per cent. in issue size of the outstanding shares or units of class or aggregate net asset value of 
the relevant Eligible Money Market Fund; 
(b) 
the Eligible Equities of any one issuer held in that Collateral Account may not: 
(i) 
constitute more than 3.3 per cent. of the Eligible Collateral in respect of such Collateral 
Account; 
(ii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral Account of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 2.5 per cent. of the aggregate 
issued and outstanding share capital of that issuer (based on free float market capitalisation); 
and 
(iii) 
when taken with any Eligible Equities of such issuer held in any other Collateral Account of the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty constitute more than 100 per cent. of the 30 day

--- Page 118 ---
118 
average daily volume of such Eligible Equities as determined by the Securities Intermediary; 
and 
“Jurisdiction Limit” in respect of any Collateral Account means, with respect to any relevant jurisdiction, the 
maximum percentage of the value of all Collateral in respect of such Collateral Account that may be 
constituted of securities of issuers domiciled in such jurisdiction, and with respect to: 
(a) the United States where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national bonds, government agency bonds 
or asset-backed debt securities, 100 per cent. and (y) the relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible 
Equities, 75 per cent.; 
(b) France, Germany, Japan and the United Kingdom where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national 
bonds, government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 50 per cent. and (y) where the 
relevant Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 25 per cent.; 
(c) any other jurisdiction, authority or agency, where (x) the relevant Collateral constitutes national bonds, 
government agency bonds or asset-backed debt securities, 25 per cent. and (y) where the relevant 
Collateral constitutes Eligible Equities, 10 per cent.; and 
(d) where Eligible Equities constitute a “Pan-European” index, there shall be a look-through to the 
jurisdictions of the underlying constituents for the purposes of determining the Jurisdiction Limit. 
For the purpose of valuing the collateral in the Collateral Account the Securities Intermediary will multiply the 
sum of the values of what it determines to be the market value of each asset of a particular type by the 
following percentages (subject in each case to an additional haircut of 8 per cent. of such market values in 
respect of any form of Eligible Collateral if the currency in which such Eligible Collateral is denominated 
is not one of US Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Swiss Francs, Japanese yen, Canadian Dollars, Swedish Krona, 
Norwegian Krone, New Zealand Dollars or Australian Dollars): 
(i) 
for cash invested in Eligible Money Market Funds described in paragraph (A) or paragraph (B) of 
the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set out below: 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(ii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) (inclusive) of paragraph (C), or falling 
within paragraph (D), of the definition of “Eligible Collateral” above, the applicable valuation 
percentage set out below: 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
99.5% 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
98% 
MTM > 60 
96% 
(iii) 
for any securities falling within sub-paragraph (v) of paragraph (C) of the definition of “Eligible 
Collateral” above, the applicable valuation percentage set out below: 
Remaining months to maturity (MTM) 
Valuation Percentages 
MTM < 12 
94%

--- Page 119 ---
119 
12 ≤ MTM ≤ 60 
92% 
MTM > 60 
90% 
(iv) 
for any Eligible Equities, either 85 per cent. or 75 per cent. depending on the particular index to which 
such Eligible Equity belongs. 
The Issuer will arrange for a breakdown of the Collateral posted by the Commodity Contract Counterparties 
(which will not be broken down by Collateral Account or by Commodity Contract Counterparty) to be made 
available at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/pricing. 
As a result of changes in the regulation of over-the-counter derivative contracts, MLI and CGML as 
Commodity Contract Counterparties are subject to an obligation in relation to their Commodity Contracts to 
post and collect variation margin, complying with specific requirements as to eligibility and subject to certain 
“haircuts”. The CGML Security Agreement and the MLI Security Agreement therefore include provisions to 
comply with these requirements. 
Although MLI and CGML are subject to a technical requirement to collect variation margin in relation to 
Commodity Contracts prior to payment therefor, MLI and CGML acknowledge in their respective Facility 
Agreements that payment of a Creation Amount in respect of any Commodity Contract (whether by payment 
in cash or by set-off) will extinguish any requirement of the Issuer to provide variation margin and agree that 
any failure to provide such variation margin will not constitute a breach of the Facility Agreement. The only 
remedy available to MLI or CGML (as the case may be) for a failure to provide such variation margin (which 
can only arise due to a failure by an Authorised Participant to make payment of the Creation Amount in 
respect of the equivalent Commodity Security) will be the termination of the relevant Commodity Contract 
for which payment has not been made. In such event (and without prejudice to any payments that may be 
required to be made between the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and Authorised Participant 
pursuant to a Direct Agreement), the relevant Commodity Securities applied for will not be issued. 
Commodity Contracts 
51 classes of Commodity Contracts are currently available under the Facility Agreements to be created by 
the Issuer, corresponding to the 51 classes of Micro Securities and 50 classes of Individual Securities. Where 
an Authorised Participant has agreed with a Commodity Contract Counterparty the pricing for the issue or 
redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities and the creation or termination of the corresponding 
Commodity Contracts (“Agreed Pricing”) the Issuer will create or terminate Commodity Contracts at that 
pricing, but otherwise the creation or termination price per Commodity Contract will be the Price of the 
corresponding Micro Security on the applicable Pricing Day (“Settlement Pricing”). 
Whenever Settlement Pricing is used: 
• 
upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Application Form or Redemption Form, the Issuer will send to the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty a Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice (together with 
a copy of the applicable Application Form or Redemption Form, as the case may be) creating or 
terminating, as the case may be, an Equivalent Number of Commodity Contracts corresponding to 
the Micro or Commodity Securities which are the subject of the Application Form or Redemption Form; 
and 
• 
within 30 minutes of the Notice Deadline (or, if later, within 30 minutes of any Creation Notice or 
Cancellation Notice having been sent by the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty), the Issuer will contact the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by telephone to 
seek confirmation of acceptance by it of such Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice. The relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty will confirm such Creation Notice or Cancellation Notice provided 
that it complies with certain formalities (set out in the Facility Agreement) as to form, quantum, 
procedure, timing and substance. 
As referred to under the heading “Applications and Redemptions - The System” in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling Authorised Participants to

--- Page 120 ---
120 
make Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website and has agreed provisions with 
the Commodity Contract Counterparties and certain of the Authorised Participants to enable use of such 
system in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the 
Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and 
Redemptions. It is expected that all Applications will be made and all Redemptions will be requested using 
this system. 
Separate Pools 
All Micro Securities and Individual Securities of the same class (and Index Securities to the extent they 
comprise Micro Securities of that class) will have recourse only to the Secured Property of the Pool 
attributable to that class and not to the Secured Property of any Pool attributable to any other class. The 
principal assets to be included in each Pool are the Commodity Contracts of that class with MLI and CGML, 
the rights of the Issuer under the Facility Agreements for that class, and the rights in respect of that class of 
Commodity Contracts under the Security Agreements, the Control Agreements and the Guarantees. The 
Issuer may issue other types of commodity securities, based on different prices or having some other 
different characteristics, but any such securities will have recourse only to the Secured Property of the Pool 
attributable to such new type and not to the assets attributable to any other type. 
Corresponding Terms of Commodity Contracts with Commodity Securities 
Whenever Micro or Commodity Securities are issued or redeemed, the Issuer will always create or terminate 
corresponding Commodity Contracts of the corresponding class(es) as those Micro Securities or the Micro 
Securities which are comprised in those Commodity Securities (as the case may be). Whenever there is a 
Rebalancing of Index Securities then the number(s) and class(es) of Commodity Contracts referable to the 
Micro Securities which are to cease to be comprised in each Index Security is terminated and replaced by 
the number(s) and class(es) of Commodity Contracts referable to the Micro Securities which are to become 
comprised in each Index Security. Consequently the sum of the exposures of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties in respect of Commodity Contracts of each class at any time will always exactly match the 
exposure of the Issuer in respect of Micro Securities and Individual Securities of the corresponding class, 
and in respect of Index Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro Securities, at that time. 
Payment for the issue of Micro or Commodity Securities and for the creation of Commodity Contracts will 
be made by an Authorised Participant directly to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, via CREST. 
Payment on the redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities will be made by the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, in respect of the termination of the corresponding Commodity Contracts by the 
Issuer, directly to the Authorised Participant redeeming the Micro or Commodity Securities, via CREST, 
subject to certain set-off arrangements in respect of creation amounts due and unpaid by the Authorised 
Participant in relation to the issue of Micro or Commodity Securities. 
Unless Agreed Pricing is used, the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity Contracts 
is always determined in the same manner as the Price on the applicable Pricing Day for the 
corresponding Micro or Commodity Securities which are applied for or redeemed. Under the Facility 
Agreements, a Market Disruption Day is determined in the same manner as the determination of a Market 
Disruption Day under the Programme. Accordingly, any day that is a Market Disruption Day for the purposes 
of a Facility Agreement is also a Market Disruption Day for the purposes of the Programme. Commodity 
Contracts have no equivalent of a Principal Amount. 
If Agreed Pricing is used to determine the amount payable upon creation or termination of Commodity 
Contracts, the same Agreed Pricing applies to the corresponding Micro or Commodity Securities which are 
applied for or redeemed. 
Consequently, save in the event of a compulsory redemption in the circumstances described in the risk 
factors entitled “Realisation of Collateral” and “Enforcement by the Trustee” above, the amounts payable 
between Authorised Participants and the Issuer on the issue or redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities 
(other than Application Fees and Redemption Fees which are payable by Authorised Participants to the 
Issuer (and save where the Principal Amount of a Micro or Commodity Security exceeds its Price)) will 
always be identical to the amounts payable between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty on 
the creation and termination of the corresponding Commodity Contracts. 
Elections

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Upon an Application Form being lodged for new Commodity Securities: 
• 
the Issuer will only issue new Commodity Securities if it can create corresponding Commodity 
Contracts under a Facility Agreement; and 
• 
the Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy such Application by the transfer of the 
appropriate number and type of Commodity Securities from one or more Security Holders seeking 
redemption. In that event, to the extent of the number and type of Commodity Securities transferred, 
no new Commodity Contracts will be created. 
 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee, together with the Licence Allowance, will be reflected in the daily adjustments to the 
Multiplier and Capital Adjustment for the Classic Securities and Longer Dated Securities. The Management 
Fee and the Licence Allowance will be paid by the Commodity Contract Counterparties to the Issuer. 
No other cash payments are settled between the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer. The 
net amounts payable on creation or termination of Commodity Contracts are paid directly between the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant which is applying for or 
redeeming the Micro or Commodity Securities, via CREST. 
Calculation Agent 
MLI is required to act as Calculation Agent under and solely for the purposes of the MLI Facility Agreement, 
the CGML Facility Agreement and each other Facility Agreement that may be entered into with other 
Commodity Contract Counterparties. 
MLI has two separate roles as Calculation Agent, as follows: 
 
(a) 
MLI will determine the existence of a Market Disruption Event in respect of an Individual Commodity 
Index; and 
(b) 
if an Individual Commodity Index is not calculated and/or published and a substitute value is required 
to be calculated and published pursuant to the Facility Agreement, MLI will calculate a substitute 
value for that Individual Commodity Index in accordance with the Facility Agreement. 
In acting as Calculation Agent, MLI is required under the terms of the MLI Facility Agreement and the 
Calculation Agency Agreement to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in 
accordance with its obligations under the MLI Facility Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement. 
Subject to those requirements, the calculations of the Calculation Agent are final and conclusive in the 
absence of manifest error. 
If MLI, as Calculation Agent, considers that any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation 
Agent of a substitute index value under the MLI Facility Agreement or Calculation Agency Agreement in 
respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, it may give a notice to that 
effect (which notification may be withdrawn by the Calculation Agent by notice to the Issuer should it 
subsequently determine that such calculation, determination or provision is not unduly burdensome), in 
which event: 
• 
the Issuer will be required within 10 Business Days of receipt of such notice to give notice under the 
Conditions suspending the right to Redeem Micro and Commodity Securities of the relevant class by 
Settlement Pricing; and 
• 
the Calculation Agent will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to appoint a substitute 
index provider approved by the Issuer and any other Commodity Contract Counterparty, such 
approval not unreasonably to be withheld or delayed, within 60 calendar days (or such shorter or 
longer period as may be agreed) of such notification to the Issuer. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to appoint such a substitute index provider, and the Issuer has not within 
75 days of such notification to the Issuer itself either appointed a substitute index provider or appointed a 
replacement Calculation Agent, then either the Commodity Contract Counterparty or the Issuer may elect 
by giving notice of a Compulsory Cancellation Date that the relevant Commodity Contracts be cancelled on

--- Page 122 ---
122 
not less than two Business Days’ notice (in which event the applicable Micro and Commodity Securities will 
be redeemed). 
The Issuer may provide copies of determinations notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under a 
Facility Agreement to the Trustee (but no other person) and/or notify the Trustee (and any other persons) of 
such determinations by the Calculation Agent, but in each case on the express basis that they are for 
information purposes only; neither the Trustee nor any actual or potential Security Holder can rely as against 
the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation Agent; and no duty is owed by the 
Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any actual or potential Security Holder.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
13PART 6 
THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Programme 
The rights attached to Micro and Commodity Securities are summarised in Part 4 (Description of Commodity 
Securities), Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts), Part 6 (The Programme) 
and Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity Securities). 
Micro and Commodity Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised 
Participants. Applications for Micro Securities will not be accepted unless the Issuer in its discretion 
determines to do so. If an application for Micro Securities is accepted, the same procedures as apply to 
applications for Individual Securities will apply. Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem 
Micro or Commodity Securities (except that a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may 
request redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities which it holds in the event that on any given Trading 
Day there are no Authorised Participants or as may be announced by the Issuer from time to time in 
accordance with the Conditions and such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption Form on such day). 
Micro and Commodity Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form; or in Uncertificated Form in 
the CREST System. See “CREST” below. 
Passporting 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authority in Austria, the Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Belgium, the Autorité 
des Services et Marchés Financiers (Financial Services and Markets Authority), the competent authority in 
Denmark, the Finanstilsynet (Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in Finland, the 
Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the competent authority in France, the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority in Germany, the 
Bundesanstalt fϋr Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), , the 
competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), the 
competent authority in Luxembourg (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), the competent 
authority in the Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets), the 
competent authority in Spain, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market 
Commission), the competent authority in Sweden, Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority) and 
the competent authority in Norway, the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian Financial Supervision Authority) with 
certificates of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA member states with 
such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such member states or for admission 
to trading of all or any Commodity Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected the Ireland as 
its Home Member State for the purposes of the Transparency Directive. 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply for 
Commodity Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with the instructions thereon 
and send it to the Issuer. 
As described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Commodity 
Securities), the Issuer has implemented the System for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
Applications and request Redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for the lodging of the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 forms otherwise required by the Facility Agreements, the Authorised Participant Agreements and the 
Conditions for the purposes of such Applications and Redemptions. It is expected that all Applications will be 
made and all Redemptions will be requested using this system. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Commodity Securities in Certificated Form, certificates in respect 
of the Commodity Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days of the Commodity Securities being 
issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form, the 
relevant CREST account will be credited on the day on which the Commodity Securities are issued against 
payment. The Issuer considers it preferable that Commodity Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Commodity 
Securities in Certificated Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event 
of any interruption, failure or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities 
and/or systems operated by the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised if the 
correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on the 
Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security 
certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, the 
Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) 
no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for any 
information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(d) 
it understands that Micro and Commodity Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the 
Issuer alone; and 
(e) 
it understands that the obligations of the Issuer under Micro and Commodity Securities are not 
guaranteed by MLI, BAC or any other member of the BAC Group or CGML, CGMH or any other 
member of the Citigroup Group or any other Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities). 
Subscription for Commodity Securities 
All Application Moneys for Commodity Securities must be paid through CREST in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the Application Form. 
Commodity Securities in respect of which the Application has been made will not be issued unless the 
Commodity Contracts created and to be paid for with the Application Moneys for that Application are in 
force. 
Listing 
The following Classic Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam since 15 
December 2006: 
 
Classic Individual Securities 
Classic Index Securities 
WisdomTree Aluminium 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 
WisdomTree Coffee 
WisdomTree Energy 
WisdomTree Copper 
WisdomTree Petroleum 
WisdomTree Corn 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 
WisdomTree Cotton 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
WisdomTree Gasoline 
WisdomTree Agriculture

--- Page 125 ---
125 
WisdomTree Gold 
WisdomTree Softs 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
WisdomTree Livestock 
WisdomTree Nickel 
WisdomTree Grains 
WisdomTree Silver 
WisdomTree Soybeans 
WisdomTree Sugar 
 
WisdomTree Wheat 
 
WisdomTree Zinc 
 
 
The Classic Commodity Securities (other than the CLPT Securities, BG Securities and KS Securities were 
admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) on 1 November 2006, Euronext Paris SA on 
15 February 2007 and the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana on 20 April 2007. 
The following Classic Commodity Securities were delisted from the Regulated Market (General Standard) 
(Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) on 
26 May 2015 and relisted on 28 May 2015: 
 
WisdomTree Nickel 
WisdomTree Sugar 
WisdomTree Petroleum 
WisdomTree Zinc 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
 
 
The WisdomTree Livestock Index Securities were delisted from the Regulated Market (General Standard) 
(Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
on 26 May 2015. 
The following Longer Dated Commodity Securities have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market 
(General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) since 27 November 2007: 
Longer Dated Individual Securities 
Longer Dated Index Securities 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree 
Broad 
Commodities Ex-Energy 
Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated 
 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated 
The WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Individual Securities and the WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Longer Dated 
Individual Securities have been listed on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt 
[General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 14 March 2012. The 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Individual Securities have been listed on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana 
since 30 August 2012. 
The WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture & Livestock Index Securities have been listed on the 
Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 29 November 2012.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The WisdomTree Longer Dated Brent Crude Oil Individual Securities and WisdomTree Broad Commodities 
Ex-Energy Index Securities were delisted from Borsa Italiana S.p.A. on 26 May 2015. 
The Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Securities of the following types were redeemed compulsorily 
on 26 September 2019. 
 
ETFS Platinum Individual Securities 
ETFS Ex-Energy Index Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Heating Oil Individual Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Lean Hogs Individual Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Live Cattle Individual Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Natural Gas Individual Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Ex-Energy Index Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Grains Index Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Livestock Index Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Petroleum Index Securities 
ETFS Longer Dated Softs Index Securities 
The Issuer reserves the right to re-issue Classic and Longer Dated Commodity Securities of the same 
classes (as renamed pursuant to the eighteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019) with 
the same or different Principal Amount and with the same or different ISIN and this Prospectus applies 
to any such reissued classes. 
Although all Micro Securities in issue have been admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock 
Exchange, the Issuer does not anticipate that an active secondary market will develop in any of the Micro 
Securities. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Micro and Commodity Securities issued during the period 
of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there 
is no trading facility for the Micro and Commodity Securities there. 
Settlement 
CREST 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Micro Securities and Commodity Securities are participating 
securities in, CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities 
(including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such 
securities electronically with effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that the Micro and 
Commodity Securities are issued in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the Micro and 
Commodity Securities will take place within the CREST system. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Eurolist by Euronext Amsterdam 
All Commodity Securities traded on Euronext Amsterdam are eligible for settlement in the systems of 
Euroclear Bank Brussels and Euroclear NIEC (Euroclear Nederlands Interprofessionneel Effecten 
Centrum), the Euroclear Dutch Interprofessional Securities Centre. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Commodity Securities, the Issuer will treat the 
persons or entities registered in the Register as the sole Security Holders. In so far as any Commodity 
Securities are held through them, Euroclear Bank Brussels or Euroclear NIEC (or their nominee) will be 
registered in the Register as the Security Holder and consequently will be treated by the Issuer as sole 
Security Holder in respect of such Commodity Securities. Account holders recorded in the systems of 
Euroclear Bank Brussels or Euroclear NIEC as the holders of Commodity Securities must look to Euroclear

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Bank Brussels or Euroclear NIEC (respectively) to receive any and all entitlements under such Commodity 
Securities. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Commodity Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft (“Clearstream”) will issue, for each series and the relevant number of 
Commodity Securities, a Global Bearer Certificate (each a “Global Bearer Certificate”) in the German 
language created under German law (“Collective Safe Custody”). Global Bearer Certificates have been 
issued in respect of the Classic Commodity Securities. The Global Bearer Certificates have the following 
German ISIN Codes: 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate  
ISIN Code 
WisdomTree Aluminium  
DE000A0KRJS4 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil  
DE000A1N49P6 
WisdomTree Coffee  
DE000A0KRJT2 
WisdomTree Copper  
DE000A0KRJU0 
WisdomTree Corn  
DE000A0KRJV8 
WisdomTree Cotton  
DE000A0KRJW6 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil  
DE000A0KRJX4 
WisdomTree Gasoline  
DE000A0KRJY2 
WisdomTree Gold  
DE000A0KRJZ9 
WisdomTree Heating Oil  
DE000A0KRJ02 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs  
DE000A0KRJ10 
WisdomTree Live Cattle  
DE000A0KRJ28 
WisdomTree Natural Gas  
DE000A0KRJ36 
WisdomTree Nickel  
DE000A0KRJ44 
WisdomTree Silver  
DE000A0KRJ51 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil  
DE000A0KRJ69 
WisdomTree Soybeans  
DE000A0KRJ77 
WisdomTree Sugar  
DE000A0KRJ85 
WisdomTree Wheat  
DE000A0KRJ93 
WisdomTree Zinc  
DE000A0KRKA0 
WisdomTree Agriculture  
DE000A0KRKB8 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities  
DE000A0KRKC6 
WisdomTree Energy  
DE000A0KRKD4 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 
DE000A0KRKE2 
WisdomTree Grains  
DE000A0KRKF9 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals  
DE000A0KRKG7 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture and Livestock 
DE000A1RX1P2 
WisdomTree Livestock  
DE000A0KRKH5 
WisdomTree Petroleum  
DE000A0KRKJ1 
WisdomTree Precious Metals  
DE000A0KRKK9 
WisdomTree Softs  
DE000A0KRKL7 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVYC2 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX83 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX34 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX42 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX67 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVYB4

--- Page 128 ---
128 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX75 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVYA6 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX59 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated  
DE000A0SVX91 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Longer Dated  
DE000A1N49Q4 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set out 
in Part 10 (Global Bearer Certificates) and the definitive German language text is annexed hereto in 
Annexes 1 and 2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and type of Commodity Securities will be registered 
in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England (the “Nominee”) in the relevant Register of 
Security Holders and credited to a separate safe custody account of Clearstream with Citibank N.A., London, 
England (the “Custodian”). The safe custody accounts assigned to the Commodity Securities (the “Safe 
Custody Account”) will be designated “Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream) — Special 
Safe Custody Account for WisdomTree Commodity Securities Global Bearer Certificate” followed by the 
name and type of Commodity Security concerned as set out in Annex 2. 
In accordance with the conditions governing each Global Bearer Certificate: 
• 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him, in the relevant Register 
of Security Holders of the number and type of Commodity Securities corresponding to his co-
ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate of the same type; and 
• 
any registered holder of Commodity Securities of any relevant type will be entitled, at his expense, to 
have his Commodity Securities delivered to the Custodian for crediting to the Safe Custody Account 
against a corresponding co-ownership share in the Global Bearer Certificate of the relevant type. 
Whenever the number of Commodity Securities represented by the Global Bearer Certificate of any type 
changes (as a result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, withdrawals from the Safe 
Custody Account or issues or redemptions of Commodity Securities), Clearstream will amend the relevant 
Global Bearer Certificate accordingly. Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one 
single security holder so far as fractional rights and entitlements are concerned. 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream to 
the respective co-owners. Any subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to the 
Commodity Securities in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream at the disposal of HSBC 
Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG (the “Bank”) of Königsallee 21/23, 40212 Düsseldorf, Federal Republic of 
Germany. Upon the request of the Bank, Clearstream will give instructions to the Custodian for the exercise, 
purchase or sale of such subscription rights, other rights or fractional rights. In case of any flow of cash 
amounts resulting out of such transactions, Clearstream will without delay inform the Bank by fax of the net 
proceeds or the net costs, respectively, and the related value date. The net proceeds or the net costs, 
respectively, must be credited or debited to the Bank’s cash account with Clearstream or as otherwise 
agreed between Clearstream and the Bank. 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking Act and licensed as the German 
Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional depository 
that holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions 
among them through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts, thereby eliminating the need 
for physical movement of the securities. Clearstream also provides other services to its customers, including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded securities and securities

--- Page 129 ---
129 
lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Commodity Securities remain outstanding, copies of 
this Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the summary thereto and 
all financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, and a copy of the documents 
referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris SA 
All Commodity Securities traded on Euronext Paris SA will be recorded in the Register in the name of 
Euroclear France or another Euroclear company and held beneficially for persons who have bought through 
Euronext Paris SA. For those persons Euroclear will maintain its own record of holders (“French sub- 
register”). All Commodity Securities traded on Euronext Paris SA will be settled and cleared through the 
normal Euroclear systems. Market-makers and other account holders at Euroclear will be permitted to 
transfer securities between the Register and the French sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to 
other markets which the Commodity Securities may be admitted to trading, and thereby be able to move 
securities between the London Stock Exchange, such other markets and Euronext Paris SA. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Commodity Securities held through Euroclear 
France, the Issuer will treat Euroclear France (or such other Euroclear company) as the single security 
holder of such Commodity Securities and the holders recorded in the French sub-register must look to 
Euroclear France to receive any and all entitlements under such Commodity Securities. 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus Market of the Borsa Italiana 
All Commodity Securities traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the Register in the name of 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. For 
those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (“Italian sub-register”). All 
Commodity Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible for settlement through the normal 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Market- 
makers and other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted to transfer securities between the 
Register and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to other markets to which the 
Commodity Securities may be admitted to trading, and thereby be able to move securities between the 
London Stock Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Commodity Securities held through Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the single security holder of such Commodity Securities 
and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to receive any and all 
entitlements under such Commodity Securities. 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
UCITS and CIS 
The Issuer has received legal advice that Micro and Commodity Securities do not constitute units in a 
collective investment scheme. The Issuer has also received legal advice that the Micro and Commodity 
Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities and do not give rise to an investment in precious 
metals or constitute certificates representing precious metals and are therefore capable of being eligible 
investments for a UCITS Scheme. Prospective investing UCITS Schemes would need to satisfy themselves

--- Page 130 ---
130 
that an investment in the Micro and Commodity Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with 
their investment objectives and comply with relevant parts of the FCA Handbook. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Commodity Securities may be required. The anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the System, each Authorised 
Participant confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time 
to time) (in relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information 
on the Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti- money laundering 
laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer 
at the time of lodging the Application Form or order, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified 
time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, 
the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 
2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity requirements 
apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Registrar shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage suffered as a result of 
the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided. 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Commodity Securities will be specified 
in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be paid to a Commodity Contract Counterparty as part of the 
process of creating Commodity Contracts.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
14PART 7 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND COMMODITY SECURITIES 
The issue of Micro Classic Securities, Classic Individual Securities and Classic Index Securities of 
Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) having 
an aggregate Principal Amount of up to US$1,000,000,000, of any of the classes and categories described 
in this Prospectus (other than the CLPT Securities, the CLPT Micro Securities, the BG Securities, the BG 
Micro Securities, the KS Securities, the KS Micro Securities and the Ex Classic Index Securities) was 
authorised pursuant to a resolution of the Board passed on 15 September 2006 and such Classic Micro and 
Commodity Securities are constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 21 September 2006, as amended by a 
supplemental trust instrument dated 17 September 2007, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 23 
April 2008, a third supplemental trust instrument dated 15 August 2008, a fourth supplemental trust instrument 
dated 15 September 2008, a fifth supplemental trust instrument dated 8 October 2008, a sixth supplemental 
trust instrument dated 30 June 2009, a seventh supplemental trust instrument dated 7 August 2009, an eighth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 20 January 2011, a ninth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 March 
2011, a tenth supplemental trust instrument dated 22 December 2011, an eleventh supplemental trust 
instrument dated 26 January 2012, a twelfth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 December 2012 and a 
thirteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 23 June 2014, a fourteenth supplemental trust instrument 
dated 6 October 2014, a fifteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 24 November 2014, a sixteenth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 3 July 2015, a seventeenth supplemental trust instrument dated 29 June 
2017, an eighteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019, a nineteenth supplemental trust 
instrument dated 4 October 2019, a twentieth supplemental trust instrument dated 21 May 2020, a twenty-
first supplemental trust instrument dated 19 June 2020, a twenty-second supplemental trust instrument 
dated 8 July 2020 and a twenty-third supplemental trust instrument dated 18 July 2020, governed by Jersey 
law between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”), (as amended) and in 
each case secured by a security deed governed by English law between the Issuer and the Trustee, as 
amended. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all 
or any of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions in respect of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities upon such terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the 
interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of Longer Dated Securities of the Issuer (each having the 
Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) of any of the classes and 
categories described in this Prospectus (other than the BG Securities, the BG Micro Securities, the KS 
Securities and the KS Micro Securities) was authorised pursuant to a resolution by the Board passed on 20 
July 2007 and such securities of each type are constituted by the Trust Instrument and in each case secured 
by a security deed relating to the relevant Pool governed by English law dated 17 September 2007 between 
the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of CLPT Micro Securities and CLPT Securities of each class of 
the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) of 
any of the classes described in this Prospectus was authorised pursuant to a resolution by the Board passed 
on 11 September 2008 and such securities of each class are constituted by the Trust Instrument and in 
each case secured by a security deed relating to the relevant Pool governed by English law dated 15 
September 2008 between the Issuer and the Trustee, as amended. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of BG Micro Securities, BG Securities and Ex Classic Index 
Securities of each class or category of the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 
of Part 13 (Additional Information)) was authorised pursuant to a resolution by the Board passed on 8 
December 2011 and such securities of each class or category are constituted by the Trust Instrument and 
in each case secured by a security deed relating to the relevant Pool governed by English law dated 8 
December 2011 between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 in number of KS Micro Securities and KS Securities of each class of 
the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 5 of Part 13 (Additional Information)) was 
authorised pursuant to a resolution by the Board passed on 26 November 2012 and such securities of each 
class are constituted by the Trust Instrument and in each case secured by a security deed relating to the 
relevant Pool governed by English law dated 14 December 2012 between the Issuer and the Trustee. 
The Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered office 
is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 1982.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the Trust 
Instrument for a breach of trust and, save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language, however, information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities). The conditions of issue of each type of Micro 
and Commodity Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
Please note that the use of the term “Official List” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be read 
as a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this prospectus under the heading 
“Definitions and Interpretation”. 
The following are the Conditions applicable to all types of Micro and Commodity Securities: 
“The Conditions 
The Micro and Commodity Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have the benefit of, a trust 
instrument dated 21 September 2006 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
as trustee for the holders of Micro and Commodity Securities as amended by a supplemental trust instrument 
dated 17 September 2007, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 23 April 2008, a third supplemental 
trust instrument dated 15 August 2008, a fourth supplemental trust instrument dated 15 September 2008, a 
fifth supplemental trust instrument dated 8 October 2008, a sixth supplemental trust instrument dated 29 June 
2009, a seventh supplemental trust instrument dated 7 August 2009, an eighth supplemental trust 
instrument dated 20 January 2011, a ninth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 March 2011, a tenth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 22 December 2011 an eleventh supplemental trust instrument dated 26 
January 2012, a twelfth supplemental trust instrument dated 14 December 2012, a thirteenth supplemental 
trust instrument dated 23 June 2014, a fourteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 6 October 2014, a 
fifteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 24 November 2014, a sixteenth supplemental trust instrument 
dated 3 July 2015, a seventeenth supplemental trust instrument dated 29 June 2017, an eighteenth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 31 July 2019, a nineteenth supplemental trust instrument dated 4 
October 2019, a twentieth supplemental trust instrument dated 21 May 2020, a twenty-first supplemental 
trust instrument dated 19 June 2020, a twenty-second supplemental trust instrument dated 8 July 2020 and 
a twenty-third supplemental trust instrument dated 28 July 2020, governed by Jersey law. 
The Security Holders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deeds (each as defined below) and the 
Conditions set out below. 
 DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
Acceptable Credit Rating means a long term senior debt credit rating of at least BBB+ from Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof), and of at least Baa1 from Moody’s Investors Service Inc. (or any successor to the ratings 
business thereof); 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, any entity 
that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with 
that person; and for this purpose, control of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person; 
Agreed Pricing has the meaning given in Condition 8.1(b); 
Agreed Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer requesting 
Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities using Agreed Pricing;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Applicable Date means the date of the thirteenth supplemental trust instrument between the Issuer and 
the Trustee expressed to be supplemental to the Trust Instrument; 
Authorised Participant means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with 
the Issuer in relation to Commodity Securities and (except in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty 
which has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer) has entered into a 
corresponding Direct Agreement with at least one Commodity Contract Counterparty, and which is not an 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that Commodity Contract Counterparty, provided that no 
person shall be an Authorised Participant in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty unless and until 
the Security Conditions (if any) with respect to the Authorised Participant and that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty shall have been satisfied and provided further that a person can be an Authorised Participant 
in respect of one Commodity Contract Counterparty but not another; 
Authorised Participant Agreement means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person 
under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent or in a 
substantially similar function in relation to Micro Securities and/or Commodity Securities comprising inter 
alia Micro Securities and if such agreement is subject to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions 
have been satisfied; 
Bloomberg means Bloomberg L.P. and/or Bloomberg Finance L.P. and/or the Affiliate of either of them; 
Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM means the index known as the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM 
calculated and published by Bloomberg, formerly known as the Dow Jones – UBS Commodity IndexSM; 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM means the index known as the Bloomberg Commodity 
Index 3 Month ForwardSM calculated and published by Bloomberg, formerly known as the Dow Jones - 
UBS Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM; 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in both London and New York; 
Calculation Agent means the person from time to time appointed by the Issuer and each Commodity 
Contract Counterparty for the purposes referred to in Condition 16; 
Capital Adjustment means an adjustment factor to be included in the calculation of the Multiplier which is 
agreed from time to time by a Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer; 
category means, in relation to Index Securities, the type of Index Security determined by the mix of different 
classes of Micro Securities comprised in the Index Security; 
Certificated or Certificated Form means not in Uncertificated Form; 
CGML means Citigroup Global Markets Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and 
Wales with number 01763297 whose registered office is situated at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, England and includes its successors and assignees; 
CIP means “Commodity Index Percentage” as defined in the Handbook from time to time; 
class means a class of Micro Securities or Individual Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations to make 
payment, and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts under which any Commodity Contract 
Counterparty’s obligations to make payment, are determined by reference to a particular Individual 
Commodity Index, and Micro or Individual Securities, and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts, 
referable to a particular Individual Commodity Index but of different Strategies are each of a separate and 
distinct class; 
Classic Commodity Contract means in relation to Micro Securities of a particular class (or Commodity 
Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro Securities of that class), a contract between the Issuer and 
a Commodity Contract Counterparty created in accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise

--- Page 134 ---
134 
to matching rights and obligations to such Micro Securities; 
Classic Index Security means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in Part C of Schedule 6 
(Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust Instrument 
and recorded on the relevant Register; 
Classic Individual Security means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in Part B of Schedule 
6 (Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust Instrument 
and recorded on the relevant Register; 
Classic Micro and Commodity Securities means Micro Classic Securities, Classic Individual Securities 
and Classic Index Securities and Classic Micro or Commodity Securities means any of them; 
Collateral means all Posted Collateral as defined in any Security Agreement to the extent attributable to 
the obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under a Facility Agreement; 
Commodity Contract means in relation to Micro Securities of a particular class (or Commodity Securities 
to the extent they are comprised of Micro Securities of that class), a contract between the Issuer and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty created in accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to 
matching rights and obligations to such Micro Securities and includes Classic Commodity Contracts and 
Longer Dated Commodity Contracts; 
Commodity Contract Counterparty means the counterparty to each Facility Agreement with the Issuer and, 
for so long as the MLI Facility Agreement remains in force, includes MLI and, for so long as the CGML 
Facility Agreement remains in force, includes CGML; 
Commodity Contract Termination means the termination of Commodity Contracts by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty in accordance with a Facility Agreement; 
Commodity Indices means both the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity Index 
3 Month ForwardSM and includes the other related indices and sub-indices of the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM and the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and the Commodity Index shall be 
construed accordingly; 
Commodity Securities means Index Securities and Individual Securities; 
comprised in and comprised of in relation to a Commodity Security means the Micro Securities by 
reference to which the amount payable on Redemption of that Commodity Security is calculated and for which 
a Commodity Security (when in Certificated Form) may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Instrument and comprise and comprised shall be construed accordingly; 
Compulsory Daily Pricing Number means, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a type of Micro 
or Commodity Securities, the number of outstanding Micro or Commodity Securities of the relevant type or 
types which, in relation to each Pricing Day on which Micro or Commodity Securities of that type or those 
types are required to be priced under the relevant Facility Agreement, shall be: 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each case 
for the type), the Compulsory Redemption Number; 
(b) 
if the Compulsory Redemption Number is equal to or more than five times the Redemption 
Limit, 20 per cent. of the Compulsory Redemption Number; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the amount shall be the Redemption Limit on the first and on each consecutive 
Pricing Day thereafter except on the last Pricing Day when the amount shall be the 
Compulsory Redemption Number minus the sum of the Compulsory Number Priced on 
each preceding Pricing Day for that class or those classes in relation to that Compulsory 
Redemption; 
Compulsory Number Priced means in respect of a Pricing Day and a type of Micro or Commodity Securities, 
the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number; provided that where the Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in

--- Page 135 ---
135 
accordance with Condition 9.6 the Compulsory Number Priced in respect of a type of Micro or Commodity 
Securities for any Pricing Day shall be reduced by the number of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type 
which are subject to a Redemption Form submitted in respect of that Pricing Day and, if such reduction 
would result in a negative number, that negative number shall be carried forward and applied to reduce the 
Compulsory Number Priced for the next following Pricing Day and any negative number on the last Pricing 
Day will be ignored; 
Compulsory Redemption means a Redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities in accordance with 
Condition 9.11; 
Compulsory Redemption Date means a date notified in accordance with Conditions 9.1, 9.2, 9.5, 9.6, 9.6A 
or 9.7; 
Compulsory Redemption Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption Date and a type of 
Micro or Commodity Securities, where such Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in accordance with: 
(a) 
conditions 9.1, 9.2 or 9.6A, the total number of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type 
outstanding as at the Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) 
Condition 9.5, provided that the Individual Commodity Index relates to that type, the total 
number of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type outstanding as at the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(c) 
Condition 9.6, the number of that type of outstanding Micro or Commodity Securities in respect 
of which notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.6 (unless Condition 
8.19(d) applies, in which case it means all of the Micro or Commodity Securities of that type 
outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory 
Redemption Date); and 
(d) 
Condition 9.7, the number of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type in respect of which 
notice was given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.7 with respect to the Security 
Holder in question; 
Conditions means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Micro and Commodity Securities 
are issued; 
Control Agreement means, in relation to any Security Agreement, the Control Agreement as defined in 
such Security Agreement; 
Controller means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his 
shareholdings in such company; 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of such 
company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his 
voting power in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in the 
parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of such 
company by virtue of his voting rights; 
Counterparty Event of Default means: 
(a) 
the failure of any Commodity Contract Counterparty to make a payment it is due to make 
in respect of a Commodity Contract Termination in accordance with the relevant Facility 
Agreement, where such failure is not rectified within five (5) Business Days following the day on

--- Page 136 ---
136 
which the Commodity Contract Counterparty receives notice of the failure sent by the Issuer, 
or being in any other breach of the Facility Agreement provided that such breach (if capable of 
being rectified) is not rectified within five (5) Business Days of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparty receiving written notice from the Issuer of such breach; 
(b) 
any Guarantor failing to pay an amount due under the relevant Guarantee, when due; 
(c) 
any Commodity Contract Counterparty or Guarantor suffering an Insolvency Event; 
(d) 
the expiration or termination of any Guarantee (other than where a replacement guarantee (or 
other form of credit support) acceptable to the Issuer and the Trustee in their sole discretion is 
provided to the Issuer in lieu of a Guarantee upon or prior to such expiration or termination) or 
the failing or ceasing of a Guarantee to be in full force and effect for the purpose of the relevant 
Facility Agreement, in each case other than in accordance with its terms, prior to the 
satisfaction of all obligations of a Commodity Contract Counterparty under the Facility 
Agreement to which such Guarantee relates and without the written consent of the Issuer (and 
this paragraph (d) shall apply mutatis mutandis to any replacement guarantee (or other form of 
credit support)); 
(e) 
in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a party with the Issuer to a Short and 
Leveraged Facility Agreement, a Counterparty Default (as defined in such Short and Leveraged 
Facility Agreement) shall have occurred under such Short and Leveraged Facility Agreement; 
or 
(f) 
in the case of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a party with the Issuer to a Security 
Agreement, the occurrence of any Security Agreement Event falling within the definition of 
Counterparty Default in the relevant Facility Agreement; 
 
CREST means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in Uncertificated 
Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; 
Default Rate means a rate per annum of interest equal to LIBOR plus 2 per cent., compounding daily; 
Defaulted Obligation means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment in respect of the 
Redemption of any Micro and Commodity Securities when due, and such failure is not remedied within 48 
hours of receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same provided that if the amount paid by a Commodity 
Contract Counterparty under the terms of a Facility Agreement in respect of a Commodity Contract 
Termination as a result of such Redemption is subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division 
thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any 
relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect, and that Commodity Contract Counterparty is not 
obliged under that Facility Agreement to make any additional payment in respect of the withholding or 
deduction and the net amount is so paid or procured to be paid by the Issuer in respect of that Redemption, 
that shall not be a Defaulted Obligation; 
Direct Agreement means an agreement entered into between a Commodity Contract Counterparty and an 
Authorised Participant or a person proposed by the Issuer to become an Authorised Participant; 
ECIPs means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the effective percentage weights of the constituent 
commodities in that Commodity Index from time to time as published by Bloomberg (or as determined by 
the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements if no such percentage weights 
have been so published); 
Extended Voluntary Rebalancing means a Voluntary Rebalancing which the Issuer has determined 
should be conducted over the same days as if a Required Rebalancing was occurring in that month; 
Extraordinary Resolution means in respect of a particular type or particular types taken together of Micro 
and Commodity Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting of the holders of Micro 
and Commodity Securities of such type or types and carried by a majority consisting of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. by Price (or if no Price was determined on the day of that meeting, the most recently 
determined Price) of the Micro and Commodity Securities of such type or types voting on such resolution or (b) 
a resolution in writing of holders of such type or types of Micro and Commodity Securities holding not less

--- Page 137 ---
137 
than 75 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature (or if no Price was determined on that date, the 
most recently determined Price)) of such type or types of Micro and Commodity Securities, and in the cases 
of (a) and (b) where so provided for in the Trust Instrument or these Conditions, holders of Index Securities 
or Individual Securities may for these purposes be treated as holders of the relevant type or types of Micro 
Securities comprised therein; 
Facility Agreements means the agreements entitled “Facility Agreement relating to Classic and Longer 
Dated Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and different Commodity Contract Counterparties 
providing for the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts thereunder, including such an agreement 
(the “MLI Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and such an agreement (the “CGML Facility 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
FCA means the UK Financial Conduct Authority; 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000; 
Full Pricing Day means a day which is a Pricing Day in respect of all Individual Commodity Indices; 
Funding Rate means a rate per annum of interest equal to LIBOR, compounding daily; 
Further Securities means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20.1; 
General Notice means any notice given in accordance with these Conditions other than a Pricing Notice; 
General Trading Day means a “Business Day” as defined in the Handbook from time to time (and meaning 
as at the date of the Trust Instrument “any day on which the sum of the CIPs for those Index Commodities 
that are open for trading is greater than 50 per cent.” where “Index Commodities” has the meaning given to 
it in the Handbook); 
Guarantee means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantee or other credit 
support agreement provided by a guarantor or other credit support provider in respect of such Commodity 
Contract Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the relevant 
Pool; 
Guarantor means in respect of any Commodity Contract Counterparty, any guarantor or other credit support 
provider who has entered into a Guarantee in respect of such Commodity Contract Counterparty’s obligations 
under the relevant Facility Agreement insofar as it relates to the relevant Pool; 
Handbook means the document entitled “Index Methodology – The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family” 
which sets out the methodology for calculation of the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM, Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and the Individual Commodity Indices, prepared and as amended from 
time to time by Bloomberg, a copy of which, as at the date of this Prospectus, can be obtained from the 
following address: https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/product/indices/bloomberg-commodity-index-
family/ and includes the document entitled “Index Methodology – Bloomberg WTI Crude Oil Multi-Tenor Index” 
prepared and as amended, varied, supplemented or replaced from time to time by Bloomberg; 
Hedge Roll Day means each of the fifth to ninth (inclusive) General Trading Days of each Month, provided 
that if the ninth General Trading Day of that Month is not a Pricing Day for one or more Individual Commodity 
Indices, the next following Pricing Day for each such Individual Commodity Index shall also be a Hedge Roll 
Day for Micro Securities of that class; 
Hedging Disruption Event means an event, circumstance or cause that a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty reasonably and in good faith determines has had or would reasonably be expected to have 
a materially adverse effect on that Commodity Contract Counterparty’s ability to hedge its positions 
in connection with the relevant Facility Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the relevant class, including, 
without limitation, any limitation or prohibition associated with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, 
substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with the relevant 
Facility Agreement or such Commodity Contracts, in each case whether due to market illiquidity, position

--- Page 138 ---
138 
limits in respect of any futures contract, illegality, the adoption of or change in any law or other regulatory 
instrument, lack of availability of hedging transaction market participants or the occurrence or existence of 
any other circumstance or event; 
Index Securities means the Classic Index Securities and the Longer Dated Index Securities; 
Individual Commodity Index means an index for an individual commodity (as adjusted through the addition 
or removal of other Individual Commodity Indices) as calculated and published by Bloomberg from time to 
time and in relation to a class of Micro Securities (and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts) 
means the Individual Commodity Index specified in relation to such class in the Sixth Schedule (Classes of 
Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument; 
Individual Securities means together the Classic Individual Securities and the Longer Dated Individual 
Securities; 
Insolvency Event means, in relation to a person other than the Issuer, such person (1) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts 
or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) institutes or has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against 
it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution 
passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its 
assets; (7) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (7) (inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or 
indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; 
Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940 of the United States; 
Issuer means WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, a company incorporated and registered in Jersey 
with registered number 90959; 
Issuer Business Day means a day which is both a General Trading Day and a London Business Day; 
Issuer Insolvency Event means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against it declaring the 
assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990, as amended; 
(5) institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or 
presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it 
or for all or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its

--- Page 139 ---
139 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has 
an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) (inclusive); or (10) takes any action 
in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; 
provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency Event 
save where acts of the Trustee fall within one or more of clauses (1) to (9) and are taken in respect of security 
taken over Commodity Contracts, a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee; 
Issuer’s Website means the website having the following internet address: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/ or 
such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders and the Trustee by RIS announcement; 
Lead Future means for each Individual Commodity Index and each Trading Day, the particular futures 
contract which is the “Lead Future” or “Lead Contract” (as defined in the Handbook) for that Individual 
Commodity Index; 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgement, action, proceeding 
or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of Taxes (as defined in the Trust 
Instrument)) and including any VAT or similar Tax (so defined) charged or chargeable in respect thereof and 
legal and professional fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and Liabilities shall be construed 
accordingly; 
LIBOR means, in respect of any date of determination: 
 
(a) 
the rate for overnight deposits in US Dollars which appears on the Reuters LIBOR01 page (or 
any successor page) as of 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business Days preceding 
such date of determination; or 
(b) 
in the event of the unavailability of the Reuters LIBOR01 page (or any successor page), the 
rate for such determination date will be determined on the basis of the rates at which deposits 
in US Dollars are offered by four major banks in the London interbank market (“Reference 
Banks”) at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the day that is two London Business Days preceding 
the relevant determination date to prime banks in the London interbank market for overnight 
deposits commencing on that date and in an amount (a “Representative Amount”) that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. The Issuer 
will request the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation 
of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the rate for such date will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, the 
rate for such determination date will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks 
in New York City, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m., New York City time, on 
such determination date for loans in US Dollars to leading European banks for overnight 
deposits commencing on the determination date and in a Representative Amount; 
 
Listing means the admission of the Micro and Commodity Securities to the Official List in accordance with 
the Listing Rules and admission of the Micro and Commodity Securities to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time 
more than one such market) becoming effective; 
Listing Failure means the refusal of the UK Listing Authority to admit to the Official List any Micro or 
Commodity Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme; 
Listing Failure Date means the day which was or would have been the date on which payment would have 
been made for Commodity Contracts pursuant to the terms of the relevant Facility Agreement corresponding 
to the Micro or Commodity Securities in respect of which a Listing Failure has occurred;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority from time to time, made under section 
73A of the FSMA; 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for the 
transaction of general business in London; 
London Stock Exchange means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or any of 
such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market), as the context 
may require; 
Longer Dated Commodity Contract means in relation to Micro Longer Dated Securities of a particular 
class (or Longer Dated Commodity Securities to the extent they are comprised of Micro Longer Dated 
Securities of that class), a contract between the Issuer and a Commodity Contract Counterparty created in 
accordance with a Facility Agreement and giving rise to matching rights and obligations to such Micro Longer 
Dated Securities; 
Longer Dated Index Security means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in Part F of 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust 
Instrument and recorded on the relevant Register; 
Longer Dated Individual Security means a Commodity Security of a class specified as such in Part E of 
Schedule 6 (Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust 
Instrument and recorded on the relevant Register; 
Longer Dated Micro and Commodity Securities means Micro Longer Dated Securities, Longer Dated 
Individual Securities and Longer Dated Index Securities and Longer Dated Micro or Commodity 
Securities means any of them; 
Market Disruption Day means, in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, a Trading Day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing in the Relevant Market on the Relevant Exchange for that 
Individual Commodity Index; 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a particular Individual Commodity Index, any of the following 
events: 
 
(a) 
the Relevant Exchange fails to determine, announce or publish the relevant Settlement 
Price(s); or 
(b) 
the termination or suspension of, or material limitation or disruption in the trading of, any Lead 
Future or Next Future used in the calculation of an Individual Commodity Index; or 
(c) 
the Settlement Price of the Lead Future or Next Future used in the calculation of the Individual 
Commodity Index reflects the maximum permitted price change (as set from time to time by the 
Relevant Exchange for that Lead Future or Next Future) from the previous day’s Settlement 
Price, 
 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements; 
Micro and Commodity Securities means Micro Securities, Index Securities and Individual Securities and 
Micro or Commodity Securities means any of them; 
Micro Classic Security means a Micro Security of a class specified as such in Part A of Schedule 6 
(Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust Instrument 
and recorded on the relevant Register; 
Micro Longer Dated Security means a Micro Security of a class specified as such in Part D of Schedule 
6 (Classes of Micro and Commodity Securities) to the Trust Instrument, constituted by the Trust Instrument 
and recorded on the relevant Register;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Micro Securities means the Micro Classic Securities and the Micro Longer Dated Securities; 
MLI means Merrill Lynch International, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with 
number 2312079 whose registered office is situated at 2 King Edward Street, London EC1A 1HQ, England 
and includes its successors and assignees; 
 
Month means calendar month; 
Multiplier means, with respect to each class of Commodity Contract, the number determined in accordance 
with Condition 6; 
New York Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
the transaction of general business in New York; 
Next Future means, for each Individual Commodity Index and a Trading Day with respect thereto, the 
particular futures contract which is the “Next Future” or “Next Contract” (as defined in the Handbook) for that 
Individual Commodity Index on that Trading Day; 
Notice Deadline means, on a General Trading Day, the earlier of 2.30 p.m. or such other time determined 
by the Issuer as the Notice Deadline in respect of a particular General Trading Day or generally; 
Notifiable Weights means, in relation to a category of Index Securities: 
(a) 
for a Required Rebalancing, (i) if the Relevant Commodity Index is the Bloomberg Commodity 
IndexSM, the CIPs as published by Bloomberg to be used in rebalancing of the Bloomberg 
Commodity IndexSM at the time of the Rebalancing, and (ii) if the Relevant Commodity Index is 
the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM, the effective percentage weights of the 
constituent commodities in the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM derived by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of that Required Rebalancing from such CIPs using the 
Settlement Prices by reference to which the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM 
is determined on the Rebalancing Calculation Date with respect to that Required Rebalancing; 
and 
(b) 
for a Voluntary Rebalancing, the ECIPs for the Relevant Commodity Index at the end of the first 
General Trading Day following the last Hedge Roll Day of the relevant Month, except where 
the Commodity Contract Counterparty has given notice under its Facility Agreement in which 
case the Notifiable Weights shall be the ECIPs for the Relevant Commodity Index at the end of 
the fourth General Trading Day of the relevant Month (or, if that day is not a Full Pricing Day, 
the first prior Full Pricing Day), 
in each case expressed as a percentage and adjusted by the Commodity Contract Counterparty if necessary 
to sum to precisely 100 per cent.; 
Official List means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part VI of FSMA; 
outstanding means, in relation to each type of Micro or Commodity Securities, all the Micro or Commodity 
Securities of that type issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an entry in the Register 
other than: 
 
(a) 
Micro or Commodity Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument; and 
(b) 
Micro or Commodity Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant to the Trust 
Instrument, 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security Holders or any 
of them and certain other purposes of the Trust Instrument, Micro and Commodity Securities (if any) which are 
for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, (C) ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited) or a Guarantor, (D) any subsidiary

--- Page 142 ---
142 
of the Issuer or of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, (E) any individual Controller of the Issuer or 
Guarantor or (F) any person controlled by any such persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Micro and 
Commodity Securities shall be deemed not to be Security Holders; 
Pool means a separate fund or pool to which Micro Securities of a particular class (and Commodity Securities 
to the extent that they are comprised of that class of Micro Securities) are attributable; 
Pool Factor means at any time in respect of any Pool and the Micro Securities and Individual Securities/and 
Index Securities to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of that class) attributable to that Pool fee 
number determined as at that time in accordance with Conditions 5.4 and 20.3; 
Price means: 
 
(a) 
for a Micro Security or a class of Micro Securities, the price determined in accordance with 
Condition 5; and 
(b) 
for a Commodity Security or type of Commodity Securities, the sum of the Prices of each and 
every Micro Security comprised in that Commodity Security or that type of Commodity 
Securities, 
and Pricing (other than when used in the terms Pricing Date and Pricing Day) shall be construed 
accordingly; 
Pricing Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of an Agreed Redemption Form, the day upon which that form is deemed to 
have been received by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Settlement Redemption Form in relation to an Individual Security or a Micro 
Security, the Pricing Day upon which the Redemption Amount is determined; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Settlement Redemption Form in relation to an Index Security, the Pricing 
Date determined in accordance with Condition 8.11; 
Pricing Day means, for each class of Micro Securities, a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index 
applicable to that class of Micro Securities that is not a Market Disruption Day for that Individual Commodity 
Index (other than a Market Disruption Day for which a substitute value for that Individual Commodity Index 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreements); 
Pricing Notice means a Redemption Form or a Withdrawal Notice; 
Principal Amount means in respect of each Micro or Commodity Security the amount specified in clause 2 
of the Trust Instrument, as may be adjusted in respect of Index Securities in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument; 
Programme means the programme for the issuance of Commodity Securities; 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of 
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 
4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets include “plan 
assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of 
ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church 
plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Commodity Securities on behalf of, for the 
benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity; 
Prohibited US Person means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who holds 
Commodity Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser;

--- Page 143 ---
143 
properly authenticated dematerialised instruction shall bear the meaning given to it in the 
Regulations; 
Property to be Assigned means with respect to each Authorised Participant Agreement and each Commodity 
Contract Counterparty: 
(a) 
all of the right, title, interest and benefit of the Issuer, existing now or in the future, in, to, under 
or in respect of the Authorised Participant Agreement as it applies as a separate agreement 
in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty in accordance with its terms; and 
(b) 
all other rights, moneys and property whatsoever which may from time to time at any time be 
derived from or accrue with respect to the Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies 
including: 
(i) all of the Issuer’s rights to receive payment of any amounts which may become payable to 
it pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement or with respect to such Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(ii) all amounts due, payable and properly received by the Issuer pursuant to the Authorised 
Participant Agreement; 
(iii) all the Issuer’s rights to serve notices and/or make demands pursuant to such Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it so applies and/or to take such steps as are required to cause 
payments to become due and payable thereunder or with respect to such Authorised 
Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
(iv) all of the Issuer’s rights of action in respect of any breach of such Authorised Participant 
Agreement as it so applies; and 
(v) all of the Issuer’s rights to receive damages or obtain other relief in respect of such 
Authorised Participant Agreement as it so applies; 
Qualified Purchaser means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company Act; 
Rebalancing means an adjustment to the number (and if applicable classes) of Micro Securities 
comprised in an Index Security and the Principal Amount of an Index Security, in accordance with 
Condition 14; 
Rebalancing Calculation Date means, for a Required Rebalancing and for an Extended Voluntary 
Rebalancing, the fourth General Trading Day of the Month in which the Rebalancing is to be effected 
(or, if that day is not a Full Pricing Day, the first prior Full Pricing Day); and for any other Voluntary 
Rebalancing, the first General Trading Day following the last Hedge Roll Day of the relevant Month; 
Redemption means the redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities by the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions (and Redeem shall be construed accordingly); 
Redemption Account means a bank account to receive payments of the Redemption Amount in respect 
of the Redemption of Commodity Contracts (and matching Commodity Securities or Micro Securities), 
which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing by the Authorised Participant 
to the Issuer, each Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Trustee from time to time; 
(b) 
for a Compulsory Redemption or where there are no Authorised Participants, the bank account 
of the Issuer secured for the benefit of the Security Holders or of the Trustee for the benefit of 
such Security Holders; and 
(c) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form; 
Redemption Amount means the amount payable by the Issuer to the Security Holder upon the Redemption 
of Micro and Commodity Securities, as may be reduced for any withholdings or deductions for or on account 
of tax as set out in Condition 10.5; Redemption Fee means the fee payable by a Security Holder upon 
Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities in accordance with Condition 11; 
Redemption Form means an Agreed Redemption Form or a Settlement Redemption Form in the form 
prescribed from time to time by the Issuer and in accordance with these Conditions, as the case may 
be; 
Redemption Limits means the limits on Redemption set out in Condition 8.7;

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Redemption Payment Date means: 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form, the second London 
Business Day following the Pricing Date of that Redemption; provided that if either that day or 
the preceding London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the Redemption 
Payment Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would have been the 
Redemption Payment Date but for this proviso; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to an Agreed Redemption Form, the London Business Day 
specified for such payment in that form; provided that the date so specified shall be not earlier 
than one London Business Day following the day upon which that form was deemed to have 
been received by the Issuer; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Redemption in accordance with a Listing Failure, the second London Business 
Day following the relevant Listing Failure Date; provided that if either that day or the preceding 
London Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the Redemption Payment 
Date shall be on the Business Day next following the day that would have been the Redemption 
Payment Date but for this proviso, or such other Business Day as may be agreed by the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant who submitted the relevant 
Redemption Form; or 
(d) 
in the case of a Redemption following the nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date, the 
London Business Day which is the second London Business Day following the last Pricing Date 
on which the Price of Micro and Commodity Securities being Redeemed was determined in 
accordance with these Conditions; provided that if either that day or the preceding London 
Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then the Redemption Payment Date shall be 
on the Business Day next following the day that would have been the Redemption Payment 
Date but for this proviso; 
Registers means the registers of Security Holders of each type kept and maintained by the Registrar and 
“Register” shall be construed accordingly; 
Registrar means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as may be 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers; 
Regulations means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including any 
modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being in force which, 
inter alia, enable title to Micro and Commodity Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by a certificate 
and transferred otherwise than by a written instrument; 
Relevant Commodity Index means, in the case of Classic Commodity Contracts and Classic Micro and 
Commodity Securities, the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and, in the case of Longer Dated Commodity 
Contracts and Longer Dated Micro and Commodity Securities, the Bloomberg Commodity Index 3 Month 
ForwardSM; 
Relevant Exchange means, for each Individual Commodity Index, the futures exchange on which is traded 
the futures contract by reference to the prices of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated; 
Relevant Market means, in respect of an Individual Commodity Index, the market conducted on the 
Relevant Exchange for the futures contracts by reference to which the Individual Commodity Index is 
calculated; 
Required Rebalancing means, with respect to an Index Security, a Rebalancing necessitated by and carried 
out in conjunction with a rebalancing of the Relevant Commodity Index; 
Required Security Document means, with respect to an Authorised Participant Agreement and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty, each security that the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
requires the Issuer to execute over the Property to be Assigned in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty as security for the Secured Obligations (which may include, but shall not be limited to, a 
Security Assignment), having regard to the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Authorised Participant (or 
proposed Authorised Participant) or of the branch through which such person is acting for the purposes of 
such Authorised Participant Agreement (as the case may be);

--- Page 145 ---
145 
RIS means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) from time to 
time chosen by the Issuer; 
Secured Obligations means: 
(a) 
all present and future obligations (which, for the avoidance of doubt, are all limited recourse 
obligations) of the Issuer to the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty on account of 
Creation Amounts and interest thereon; and 
(b) 
all losses, damages, legal and other costs, charges and expenses sustained, suffered or 
incurred by the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty arising out of or in connection with 
any act, matter or thing done or omitted to be done by the Issuer under the Facility Agreement 
or the Security Assignment or any other Required Security Documents; 
Secured Property means (in respect of Micro Securities of any class and of Commodity Securities to the 
extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is calculated by reference to 
Micro Securities of the corresponding class) all rights of the Issuer under the corresponding Facility 
Agreement(s), Commodity Contracts, any Security Agreement and any Guarantee, in each case to the 
extent that they apply to payments due in respect of Micro and Commodity Securities of that type, or any part 
thereof, and which are subject to the security created in favour of the Trustee pursuant to the applicable 
Security Deed; 
Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 of the United States; 
Security Agreement means in relation to any Facility Agreement in respect of which the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty enters into a security agreement supplemental to, or supporting the obligations of the 
Commodity Contract Counterparty pursuant to, (inter alia) that Facility Agreement, such security agreement, 
and includes such an agreement (the “MLI Security Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and such an 
agreement (the “CGML Security Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
Security Agreement Event means, in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty that is a party with 
the Issuer to a Security Agreement, the occurrence of any event by which the security under such Security 
Agreement becomes enforceable; 
Security Assignment means, in respect of each Authorised Participant Agreement and each Commodity 
Contract Counterparty, the Security Assignment (if any) pertaining to that Authorised Participant Agreement 
as it applies in relation to that Commodity Contract Counterparty entered into between the Issuer and the 
relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty and securing the Secured Obligations of the Issuer to that 
Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
Security Conditions means, with respect to a proposed Authorised Participant and a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty, to the extent required pursuant to the Facility Agreement to which that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty is a party, that (a) each Required Security Document with respect to the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement and Commodity Contract Counterparty has been duly executed by the Issuer, (b) 
notice (duly executed by the Issuer) of each such Required Security Document has been duly given by the 
Issuer to such proposed Authorised Participant and (c) such proposed Authorised Participant has executed 
an acknowledgement of such notice in favour of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty; 
Security Deed means in respect of each Pool and the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts, the 
security deed entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee pertaining to that Pool; 
Security Holder means a registered holder of Micro or Commodity Securities; 
Settlement Failure means, in respect of a Redemption where the Security Holder has delivered the 
Micro and Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method agreed with 
the Issuer), a failure by the Issuer to pay or to procure the payment of the whole of a Redemption Amount 
into the relevant Redemption Account on a Redemption Payment Date; 
Settlement Failure Date means, in relation to a Settlement Failure, the date on which such Settlement 
Failure occurred;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Settlement Price means, in relation to any Pricing Day and a futures contract traded on a Relevant Exchange, 
the official settlement price of the Relevant Exchange for such day in relation to such futures contract as 
determined in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant Exchange; 
Settlement Pricing has the meaning given in Condition 8.1(a); 
Settlement Redemption Form means a notice in the form prescribed from time to time by the Issuer for 
requesting Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing; 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities means the securities of the Issuer known as Short and 
Leveraged Commodity Securities constituted by the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument as more fully 
described in the prospectus of the Issuer dated on or about the Applicable Date; 
Short and Leveraged Facility Agreements means the agreements entitled “Facility Agreement relating to 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Contracts” between the Issuer and different persons defined for the 
purposes of the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument as Commodity Contract Counterparties providing for 
the creation and termination of Commodity Contracts (as defined for the purposes of the Short and 
Leveraged Trust Instrument), including such an agreement (the “MLI Short and Leveraged Facility 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and MLI and such an agreement (the “CGML Short and Leveraged 
Facility Agreement”) between the Issuer and CGML; 
Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument means the trust instrument between the Issuer and the Trustee 
dated 8 February 2008; 
Strategy means each of the two groups of Micro and Commodity Securities constituted by these Conditions, 
being Classic Micro and Commodity Securities and Longer Dated Micro and Commodity Securities and 
Strategies will be construed accordingly; 
Target Number means the targeted number of Micro Securities in each category of Index Security following 
a Rebalancing, calculated as set out in Condition 10; 
tax means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and services tax, withholding 
tax, stamp, financial institutions, registration and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export tax or 
tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, penalties and charges imposed or levied by 
a government or government agency; 
Trading Day means, for each Individual Commodity Index, a day on which the Relevant Exchange for that 
Individual Commodity Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
Relevant Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; 
Trustee means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. of Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 
7EX, England and any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument; 
Trustee Consent Documents means each Facility Agreement (but excluding the schedules to that Facility 
Agreement, save schedules 1, 11 and 12), Commodity Contracts created thereunder, any Guarantee and 
any Security Agreement (but excluding the definitions of “Eligible Collateral”, “Issuer Concentration Limit”, 
“Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” therein and excluding the Collateral Schedule as 
defined therein); 
Trust Instrument means the trust instrument dated 21 September 2006 between the Issuer and the Trustee, 
constituting Micro and Commodity Securities; 
type means, in relation to Micro Securities and Individual Securities, a class thereof and, in relation to Index 
Securities, the category thereof; 
UBS Securities means UBS Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company whose principal place 
of business is at 677 Washington Boulevard, Stamford, Connecticut 06901; 
UK or United Kingdom means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
UK Listing Authority means the FCA in its capacity as the competent authority for the purposes of Part VI 
of the FSMA; 
Unacceptable Authorised Participant means, in respect of a Commodity Contract Counterparty, an 
Authorised Participant in respect of which the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has given and not 
withdrawn notice under that Commodity Contract Counterparty’s Facility Agreement that the Authorised 
Participant is to be treated as an Unacceptable Authorised Participant in respect of that Commodity Contract 
Counterparty; 
Uncertificated Form means recorded on a Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to which, by 
virtue of the Regulations, may be transferred by means of CREST; 
Uncertificated Notice of Meeting means a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction, and/or other 
instruction or notification, which is sent by means of CREST; 
US Dollars or US$ means the lawful currency of the USA; 
US Person means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
US or United States means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the 
United States and the District of Columbia; 
Value means, in relation to a Micro Security and a day, the Price of a Commodity Contract of the same class 
as that Micro Security on that same day; 
VAT means value added tax; 
Voluntary Rebalancing means a Rebalancing other than a Required Rebalancing;  
Weights means the proportionate target weightings of each commodity represented in an Index Security 
used in carrying out a Rebalancing, established as set out in Condition 14.7 and expressed as a percentage; 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Commencement Date has the meaning given in Condition 2A; and 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Completion Date has the meaning given in Condition 2A. 
 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
(a) 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted for 
ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity. 
(c) 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
(d) 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference  
(e) 
to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, varied, 
novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(f) 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to local 
time in London, England. 
(g) 
All references in these Conditions to any statute or any provision of any statute shall be deemed 
also to refer to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, 
order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or re- enactment, and in 
relation to any provision of European Union law, includes such provision as incorporated or

--- Page 148 ---
148 
reincorporated into English law and any statutory modification or re- enactment thereof or any 
statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or under any such modification or re-
enactment. 
 STATUS OF MICRO AND COMMODITY SECURITIES 
 
Micro and Commodity Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations of the 
Issuer secured as set out in Condition 3. The Micro and Commodity Securities of each type rank pari 
passu among themselves. 
 
Each Individual Security and each Index Security constitutes a separate security from the Micro 
Securities by reference to which the amount payable on Redemption of that Individual Security or 
Index Security is calculated and for which they may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Instrument. 
 
The amount payable upon Redemption of an Individual Security of a particular class is equal to the 
aggregate amount which would be payable on the Redemption of one million Micro Securities of that 
same class, except that, in relation to the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities from the 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Commencement Date, the amount payable upon Redemption of a 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Security shall be equal to the aggregate amount which would 
be payable on the Redemption of the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities and, until the WTI 
Crude Oil Index Substitution Completion Date, WTI Crude Oil Micro Classic Securities of which it is 
comprised in accordance with Condition 2A. Each Individual Security may be surrendered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument in exchange for such Micro Securities. 
Following the completion of the WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution on 4 August 2020, the amount 
payable upon Redemption of a WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Security shall be equal to the 
aggregate amount which would be payable on the Redemption of 1,447,357 WTI Crude Oil A Micro 
Classic Securities. 
 
The amount payable upon Redemption of an Index Security is equal to the aggregate amounts which 
would be payable on the Redemption of a defined number of Micro Securities of various classes as 
set out in the table in the Trust Instrument (subject to Rebalancing). Each Index Security may be 
surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument in exchange for such Micro 
Securities (subject to Rebalancing). 
 
A Security Holder holding: 
(a) 
Commodity Securities in Certificated Form may surrender the certificates for cancellation and 
receive certificates in respect of the Micro Securities comprised in such Commodity Securities; 
or 
(b) 
Micro Securities in Certificated Form of the appropriate classes and in at least the appropriate 
numbers of each class may surrender the certificates for cancellation and receive certificates 
for such number of Commodity Securities of any class or classes requested by him as are 
comprised of the Micro Securities represented by such surrendered certificates as he 
requested to be combined in the form of such Commodity Securities and one or more 
Certificates in respect of the balance of the Micro Securities not so combined in the form of 
Commodity Securities, 
in each case in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
 
The Issuer shall at all times publish on the Issuer’s Website: 
(a) 
the classes of Micro Securities and corresponding Individual Securities which are in issue or 
available to be issued; and 
(b) 
the categories of Index Securities which are in issue or available to be issued, and the number 
and classes of Micro Securities which at that time are comprised in each category of Index 
Securities. 
 
2A.  SUBSTITUTION OF MICRO SECURITIES OF WHICH WISDOMTREE WTI CRUDE OIL

--- Page 149 ---
149 
INDIVIDUAL SECURITIES ARE COMPRISED 
2A.1 
In this Condition 2A, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution means the adjustment of the rights of the WisdomTree WTI 
Crude Oil Classic Individual Securities as provided for in the Condition 2A; 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Appropriate Number for any WTI Crude Oil Index 
Substitution Pricing Date means a number equal to the fraction of which the numerator is the 
Price of a WTI Crude Oil Micro Classic Security as at the close of business on the Pricing Day 
immediately preceding such WTI Crude Oil Index Pricing Date and the denominator is the Price 
of a WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Security as at the close of business on the Pricing Day 
immediately preceding such WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Date, provided that if either 
the Price of a WTI Crude Oil Micro Classic Security or the Price of a WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic 
Security as at the close of business on the Pricing Day immediately preceding such WTI Crude 
Oil Index Substitution Pricing Date is equal to or less than zero, then the WTI Crude Oil Index 
Substitution Appropriate Number for that WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Date shall be 
zero; 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Commencement Date means the date which is the Effective 
Date as defined in the twenty-third supplemental trust instrument made between the Issuer and 
the Trustee and dated 28 July 2020, provided that such date is a WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution 
Pricing Day and, if the Effective Date is not a WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Day, means 
the next WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Day; 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Completion Date means the final WTI Crude Oil Index 
Substitution Pricing Date; 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Date means the WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution 
Commencement Date and each of the succeeding four WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing 
Days; and 
WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Day means a day which satisfies both of the following 
conditions: (a) it is a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index applicable to WTI Crude Oil 
Classic Micro Securities and the immediately prior Trading Day in respect of such Individual 
Commodity Index was not a Market Disruption Day in respect of such Individual Commodity Index; 
and (b) it is a Trading Day for the Individual Commodity Index applicable to WTI Crude Oil A 
Classic Micro Securities and the immediately prior Trading Day in respect of such Individual 
Commodity Index was not a Market Disruption Day in respect of such Individual Commodity Index. 
2A.2 
Over five successive WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Days commencing on the WTI 
Crude Oil Index Substitution Commencement Date and ending on the WTI Crude Oil Index 
Substitution Completion Date, the rights of the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual 
Securities shall be adjusted so that the numbers and classes of Micro Securities comprised in 
such WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual Securities shall be adjusted from one million 
WTI Crude Oil Micro Classic Securities to a number of WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities 
in accordance with this Condition 2A, and the Principal Amount of each WisdomTree WTI Crude 
Oil Classic Individual Security shall be adjusted accordingly. 
2A.3 
On each WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Pricing Date the number of WTI Crude Oil Micro Classic 
Securities of which each WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual Security is comprised 
shall be decreased by 200,000 and shall be increased by a number of WTI Crude Oil A Micro 
Classic Securities equal to the product, rounded up to the nearest whole number, of 200,000 and 
the WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Appropriate Number for that day. 
2A.4 
Within three Business Days after completion of the WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution the Issuer 
shall notify the holders of the WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual Securities, by way of 
RIS announcement, of the number of WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities of which each 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual Security is comprised following such completion 
and the Principal Amount of each WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Classic Individual Security.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
2A.5 
The WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Micro and  
Commodity Securities and no payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of the WTI 
Crude Oil Index Substitution. 
 SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Micro Securities (and any type of Commodity 
Securities to the extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is 
calculated by reference to Micro Securities of that class) are secured pursuant to the Security Deed 
applicable to that class by a first ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee for the Security Holders 
over, and by an assignment by way of security of, all the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured 
Property of that class. 
 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Micro Securities (and any type of Commodity 
Securities if and to the extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities 
is calculated by reference to Micro Securities of that class) shall have recourse only to sums derived 
from the Secured Property relating to the relevant Pool. If, the Trustee (or any other secured party) 
having realised the same, the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments which, 
but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due, the obligations of the Issuer will be limited to 
such net proceeds of realisation, neither the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums and no debt shall be owed by 
the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such further sum. In particular, neither the Trustee nor 
any Security Holder shall be entitled to institute, nor join with any other person in bringing, instituting 
or joining, any bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any 
similar law (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer (except for the appointment of a 
receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Deed) for two years (or, if later, the longest 
suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) ending with the onset of 
insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within such period may be subject 
to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day after the date on which 
all amounts payable under the last outstanding security of any class issued by the Issuer and 
constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid, nor shall they have any claim in respect of any sum 
arising in respect of the Secured Property for any other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer including, 
but not limited to, any sums derived from or in connection with any Short and Leveraged Commodity 
Securities. 
 FORM AND TRANSFER 
 
Micro and Commodity Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
 
Micro and Commodity Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form by means of 
CREST in accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent of Security 
Holders, concur with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in 
order to reflect changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding 
or transfer of Micro and Commodity Securities in Uncertificated Form. A Security Holder may request 
that his Micro or Commodity Securities be held in Certificated Form, in which case such Micro or 
Commodity Securities shall be removed from CREST. 
 
The Issuer shall at all times keep at its registered office, or at such other place in Jersey as the Trustee 
may agree, registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent transfers and changes of ownership 
of all outstanding Micro Securities, Index Securities and Individual Securities and the names and 
addresses of the Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the 
Security Holders or any of them and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty at 
all reasonable times during office hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies 
of, or extracts from, the same or any part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene a 
meeting of or to give any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free of 
charge) with such copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require. The Registers may be 
closed by the Issuer for such periods and at such times (not exceeding in the whole 30 days in any 
one year) as it may think fit.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and, to the extent relevant, each Security Holder, by accepting a Micro or 
Commodity Security, agrees to treat the Micro and Commodity Securities as equity interests in the 
Issuer for all U.S. federal tax purposes. 
 PRICE OF MICRO SECURITIES 
 
The Price for a Micro Security of a particular class for a Pricing Day is the amount determined for that 
class by the following formula (calculated to thirteen places of decimals with 0.00000000000005 
rounded upwards): 
 
P(i,t) = I(i,t) x M(i,t) x PF(i,t)/10,000,000; 
where: 
i  
refers to the relevant class of Micro Securities; 
t  
refers to the applicable Pricing Day; 
P(i,t) 
is the Price of Micro Securities of class i and for day t; 
I(i,t) 
is the closing settlement price level of the Individual Commodity Index applicable to Micro 
Securities of class i for day t; 
M(i,t) 
is the Multiplier for class i and for day t; and 
PF(i,t) 
is the Pool Factor applicable to the relevant class of Micro Security on day t. 
 
The Price for a Micro Security on any day other than a Pricing Day is the same as the Price for that 
class of Micro Security on the most recent Pricing Day for that class (but using the Multiplier 
determined for that day rather than the Multiplier for the most recent Pricing Day). 
 
The Price of a Commodity Security is the sum of the Prices of each and every Micro Security 
comprised in that Commodity Security. 
 
The Pool Factor for each Pool and the Micro Securities and Individual Securities (and Index Securities 
to the extent that they comprise Micro Securities of that class) attributable to that Pool shall be 
1.000000 unless and until otherwise determined for that Pool and such Micro Securities and Individual 
Securities (and Index Securities to such extent) in accordance with Condition 20.3. 
 MULTIPLIER 
 
The Multiplier for Micro Classic Securities was 1.0000000 on the day on which the first Classic Micro 
or Commodity Securities (of any type) were issued. The Multiplier for Micro Longer Dated Securities 
was 1.0000000 on the day on which the first Longer Dated Micro or Commodity Securities (of any 
type) were issued. The Multiplier for WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities on the day on which 
the first WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities are issued shall be the same as the Multiplier for 
Micro Classic Securities of each other class on that day but need not be the same as the Multiplier 
for Micro Classic Securities of each other class on any subsequent day. 
 
On every subsequent day, the Multiplier for Micro Securities shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
following formula (calculated to seven places of decimals with 0.00000005 rounded upwards): 
 
M(i,t) = M(i,t-1) x (1 + CA(i,t)); 
 
where: 
i  
refers to the relevant class of Micro Securities; 
t  
refers to the applicable day;

--- Page 152 ---
152 
M(i, t) 
is the Multiplier for class i and day t; 
M(i, t-1) 
is the Multiplier for class i the previous day t-1; and 
CA(i,t) 
is the Capital Adjustment applicable for class i on day t, expressed as a decimal. 
 
The Issuer shall announce and publish on the Issuer’s Website the Multiplier applicable from time to 
time. 
 CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT 
 
The calculation of the Price at which Micro and Commodity Securities may be Redeemed includes the 
Capital Adjustment for each day on which the Price is calculated. The Capital Adjustment shall be as 
agreed from time to time between the Commodity Contract Counterparties and the Issuer, and shall 
be included in the calculation of the Multiplier. 
 REDEMPTION OF MICRO AND COMMODITY SECURITIES BY SECURITY HOLDERS 
Redemption Entitlement 
 
Each Micro Security of a particular class carries the right on Redemption to payment of either: 
(a) 
the higher of (i) the Principal Amount for that class, and (ii) the Price of that Micro Security on 
the applicable Pricing Day determined in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Settlement Pricing); 
or 
(b) 
where applicable, an amount determined by agreement between a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty and a Security Holder which is an Authorised Participant in accordance with 
Condition 8.15 (Agreed Pricing). 
 
Subject as otherwise provided in these conditions, each Commodity Security of a particular type 
carries the right on Redemption to payment of the aggregate amounts payable on Redemption for all 
Micro Securities of which it is comprised, such amounts determined in accordance with Condition 8.1. 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require the 
Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Micro and Commodity Securities by lodging with the 
Issuer a Redemption Form specifying either Settlement Pricing or Agreed Pricing provided that if at 
any time a Redemption Amount is due to be paid by the Issuer in respect of a Redemption to a particular 
Authorised Participant, the amount payable by the Issuer may be discharged in whole or in part 
pursuant to the set-off provisions set out in the Authorised Participant Agreement. A Settlement 
Redemption Form may in addition be deemed to have been lodged by an Authorised Participant with 
the Issuer on a Listing Failure Date in the circumstances further described in the applicable Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
 
A Security Holder which is not also an Authorised Participant may only require the Issuer to Redeem 
all or any part of its holding of Micro and Commodity Securities if either: 
(a) 
on any General Trading Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder 
submits on such day a valid Settlement Redemption Form; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has announced by an RIS in respect of any General Trading Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits on a General Trading Day a valid 
notice in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption of such 
Micro or Commodity Securities using Settlement Pricing. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any notice requesting any Redemption which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Redemption Amount 
 
The Redemption Amount with respect to a Redemption shall be the amount (in US Dollars) 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
if the Redemption is effected using Settlement Pricing, an amount equal to the sum of the 
amounts determined in accordance with Condition 8.1 or Condition 8.2 in respect of all of 
the Micro or Commodity Securities thereby Redeemed; or 
(b) 
if the Redemption is effected using Agreed Pricing, the amount specified as the Redemption 
Amount in the Agreed Redemption Form. 
 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Payment Date in respect of any Redemption pay (or procure the 
payment of) the Redemption Amount in respect of that Redemption into the applicable Redemption 
Account. 
Redemption Limits 
 
Micro Securities of a particular class (and any type of Commodity Securities to the extent that the 
amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is calculated by reference to Micro 
Securities of that class) may not be Redeemed on a day pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form: 
(a) 
submitted by any Security Holder (including any Authorised Participant), to the extent that the 
sum of the Prices of all Micro Securities of that class (and any type of Commodity Securities to 
the extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is calculated 
by reference to Micro Securities of that class) which are Redeemed on that day would exceed 
the sum of the Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limits for that class of Micro 
Securities on that day (such limit being the Redemption Limit for that class of Micro Securities); 
or 
(b) 
submitted by any Authorised Participant, to the extent that the sum of the Prices of all Micro 
Securities of that class (and any type of Commodity Securities to the extent that the amount 
payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is calculated by reference to Micro 
Securities of that class) which are Redeemed on that day pursuant to Settlement Redemption 
Forms submitted by that Authorised Participant would exceed the sum of the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty Redemption Limits for that class of Micro Securities on that day in 
respect only of those Commodity Contract Counterparties for which that Authorised Participant 
is an Authorised Participant (such limit being the Authorised Participant Redemption Limit for 
that class of Micro Securities and that Authorised Participant). 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Commodity Contract Counterparty Redemption Limit with 
respect to a class of Micro Securities and a Commodity Contract Counterparty is the amount 
denominated in US Dollars agreed between the Issuer and that Commodity Contract Counterparty as 
the redemption limit in respect of the corresponding class of Commodity Contracts. 
 
For the purposes of the Redemption Limits, Redemption Forms will be dealt with in order of their 
actual receipt by the Issuer and, for the purpose of this Condition, Condition 8.12 shall be disregarded. 
Settlement Pricing 
 
A Settlement Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
(a) 
if it does not specify a number and type of Micro or Commodity Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
[not used]; 
(c) 
for a Settlement Redemption Form lodged by an Authorised Participant, if it is received by the 
Issuer at any time other than between 8.00 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. on an Issuer Business Day; 
(d) 
if it does not specify the Redemption Account into which the Redemption Amount shall be 
payable;

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(e) 
to the extent that the number of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type or in aggregate to 
be Redeemed would result in a Redemption Limit being exceeded, and the relevant Commodity 
Contract Counterparty does (or Commodity Contract Counterparties do) not agree to that 
Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such Settlement Redemption Form will not 
be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 8.9(e) in respect of the greatest number 
of Micro or Commodity Securities of the relevant type or types that would not result in the 
Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(f) 
if the Settlement Redemption Form is submitted by an Authorised Participant, and the number 
of Micro or Commodity Securities of that type or in aggregate to be Redeemed would result in 
an Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded (in which event such Settlement 
Redemption Form shall not be capable of being invalidated under this Condition 8.9(f) in 
respect of the greatest number of Micro or Commodity Securities of the relevant type that would 
not result in the Authorised Participant Redemption Limit being exceeded); 
(g) 
where notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given, if the Settlement Redemption 
Form is received or deemed received on or after: (i) where notice has been given under 
Condition 9.2 or (either following the giving of notice by the Issuer to nominate a compulsory 
pricing date under a Facility Agreement following a Counterparty Event of Default or the giving 
of notice by a Commodity Contract Counterparty to nominate a compulsory pricing date under 
its Facility Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event (as defined in any applicable 
Guarantee)) under Condition 9.1(a), the date on which notice of the Compulsory Redemption 
Date was given; or (ii) in any other case, the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(h) 
if it relates to the Redemption of Individual Securities, and it is received or deemed received on 
or after the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of that class of Individual Securities, of 
which notice has been given in accordance with Condition 9.5; 
(i) 
if it relates to the Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities that are the subject of a 
Listing Failure; or 
(j) 
if it is invalid pursuant to Condition 8.19(c) or Condition 8.20(c), 
and, save as provided in Condition 8.9(e), no Micro and Commodity Securities of the relevant type shall 
be Redeemed in respect of or under that Settlement Redemption Form. 
 If the Issuer considers that a purported Settlement Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the 
Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably possible. 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to Redeem pursuant to a Settlement Redemption Form any Micro or 
Commodity Securities where the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty has not confirmed a 
corresponding Commodity Contract Termination in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Facility Agreement. 
If the Issuer in its absolute discretion considers it necessary or desirable to do so in relation to any 
Settlement Redemption Form for the purpose of arranging (in aggregate) corresponding Commodity 
Contract Terminations in accordance with two or more Facility Agreements or to enable such Settlement 
Redemption Form to be settled in part in accordance with Condition 13 (Settlement of Redemption 
Forms by Transfer), or both, the Issuer may determine that the Settlement Redemption Form be 
deemed to comprise two or more deemed Settlement Redemption Forms, such deemed Settlement 
Redemption Forms relating to, in aggregate, the same numbers and types of Micro and Commodity 
Securities as those to which the original Settlement Redemption Form related; and these Conditions 
shall apply to such deemed Settlement Redemption Forms accordingly. If the Issuer determines to 
exercise its right to deem a Settlement Redemption Form to comprise two or more deemed Settlement 
Redemption Forms it shall notify the Security Holder giving that Settlement Redemption Form of that 
fact as soon as reasonably possible. 
 If a Settlement Redemption Form is deemed received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline on 
an Issuer Business Day (Day 1):

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(a) 
if Day 1 is a Pricing Day for all types of Micro and Commodity Securities to be Redeemed 
pursuant to that Settlement Redemption Form, all those Micro and Commodity Securities will 
be Priced on Day 1 (and that day shall be the Relevant Pricing Day and the Pricing Date for each 
such type of Micro and Commodity Securities); 
(b) 
if Day 1 is not a Pricing Date for any type of Micro or Commodity Security to be Redeemed 
pursuant to that Settlement Redemption Form: 
(i) 
the Security Holder may by written notice to the Issuer, sent before the Notice 
Deadline on the next succeeding Issuer Business Day, cancel the Settlement 
Redemption Form; and where such a Withdrawal Notice is given no Micro and 
Commodity Securities shall be Redeemed in respect of or under that Settlement 
Redemption Form; and 
(ii) 
if no notice is issued under Condition 8.11 (b)(i) then the Settlement Redemption Form 
will be deemed received on the next Issuer Business Day (and no Pricing of Micro and 
Commodity Securities for that Settlement Redemption Form shall occur before then) and 
that Issuer Business Day will then constitute Day 1 for the Settlement Redemption Form 
and this Condition 8.11 shall apply thereto accordingly; 
(c) 
If Day 1 is a Pricing Day for one or more classes of Micro Security comprised in an Index 
Security that is to be Redeemed pursuant to that Settlement Redemption Form, the Micro 
Securities so comprised for which it is a Pricing Day will be Priced on that day (and that day 
shall be the Relevant Pricing Day for those Micro Securities) and the other classes will be 
Priced on the next Pricing Day for each such class (and the day on which each such other 
class is Priced shall be the Relevant Pricing Day for that class) provided that if not all types of 
Micro Securities comprised in an Index Security that is to be Redeemed have been Priced at 
the end of the fourth General Trading Day following Day 1 then: 
(i) 
the Redemption of the Index Security shall be effected in accordance with Condition 
10.7; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will be deemed to have received from the relevant Security Holder a 
Settlement Redemption Form in respect of the Micro Securities to be delivered to the 
Security Holder by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 10.7 (such deemed Settlement 
Redemption Form a Micro Securities Settlement Redemption Form); 
(iii) 
the Security Holder may by written notice to the Issuer, sent before the Notice Deadline 
on the next succeeding Issuer Business Day, cancel the Micro Securities Settlement 
Redemption Form, and where such notice is given no Micro Securities shall be 
Redeemed in respect thereof; 
(iv) 
if no notice is given under Condition 8.11 (c)(ii), the Micro Securities Settlement 
Redemption Form will be deemed received on the next Issuer Business Day and that 
Issuer Business Day will then constitute Day 1 for Micro Securities Settlement 
Redemption Form and this Condition 8 shall apply thereto accordingly; and 
(d) where Condition 8.11(c) applies, the Pricing Date in respect of the deemed Settlement 
Redemption Notice relating to the Priced Securities will be the last Trading Day on which any 
class of Micro Security comprised in that Index Security is Priced, provided that if the proviso in 
Condition 8.11(c)(i) applies, the Pricing Date for that Index Security will be the fourth General 
Trading Day following Day 1 (whether or not any Micro Securities comprised in that Index 
Security are Priced on that day). 
 A Settlement Redemption Form which is received by the Issuer on an Issuer Business Day after the 
Notice Deadline but prior to 6.30 p.m. shall be deemed to be received by the Issuer at 8.00 a.m. on the 
following Issuer Business Day, unless the Issuer agrees to treat that Settlement Redemption Form as 
having been received prior to the Notice Deadline in which case it shall be deemed to have been 
received by the Issuer prior to the Notice Deadline.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 Within one Business Day after the last Pricing Date in respect of any Settlement Redemption Form, 
the Issuer shall notify the relevant Security Holder of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
that Settlement Redemption Form, determined as provided above. 
 The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Settlement Pricing Forms 
and these Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions using Settlement Pricing to the 
extent of any such change or variation. 
Agreed Pricing 
 A Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant may submit an Agreed 
Redemption Form to the Issuer (either jointly, or in separate notices). An Agreed Redemption Form is 
conclusive evidence that the Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Authorised Participant have 
agreed upon the Redemption by the Issuer of a number and type of Micro or Commodity Securities 
specified in the notice(s), and the US Dollar amount which is the Redemption Amount for those Micro 
or Commodity Securities. 
 If a Commodity Contract Counterparty and an Authorised Participant purport to send an Agreed 
Redemption Form by separate notices: 
(a) 
which are inconsistent with one another in relation to any of the items referred to in Condition 
8.18(a), 8.18(b) or 8.18(c); or 
(b) 
one of which is invalid under Condition 8.18, 
those notices shall not constitute a valid Agreed Redemption Form and the Issuer shall reject the 
notices and advise that Commodity Contract Counterparty and that Authorised Participant 
accordingly. 
 Where an Agreed Redemption Form is submitted by separate notices from the Authorised Participant 
and a Commodity Contract Counterparty, the Issuer shall be deemed to have received the Agreed 
Redemption Form at the time that it is deemed to receive the second of the two notices. 
 An Agreed Redemption Form shall be invalid in the circumstances specified in Condition 8.20(c) or if 
it does not set out: 
(a) 
the number and type of Micro and Commodity Securities to be Redeemed; 
(b) 
the Redemption Amount for that Redemption (stated as a total amount); and 
(c) 
the Redemption Payment Date for that Redemption, which shall be not earlier than two London 
Business Days following the day on which the Agreed Redemption Form is deemed received by 
the Issuer. 
Suspension of Redemptions 
 If the Price of a class of Micro Security falls below its Principal Amount, the Issuer may at any time and 
from time to time while the Price in relation to such class is below such Principal Amount determine 
to suspend the right to Redeem the Micro Securities of that class and all types of Commodity 
Securities which are comprised, in whole or in part, of Micro Securities of such class, in each case 
pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) and, subject as provided in this Condition 8.19, may terminate any such 
suspension. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers 
under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 days, 
and may continue thereafter provided that notice of a meeting has been issued convening a 
meeting for a date not more than 30 days after the date of the notice for the purpose of 
considering an Extraordinary Resolution which will have the effect of reducing the Principal

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Amount to a level less than the Price, in which event the suspension will cease when the 
meeting (or any adjournment thereof) concludes or, if the Extraordinary Resolution is passed 
and makes alternative provision, in accordance with the Extraordinary Resolution; 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before 
the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or deemed received 
on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Micro or Commodity Securities of that 
type pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid; and 
(d) 
if the right to Redeem Micro Securities of any class or Commodity Securities of any type or 
types pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition as at 6.30 p.m. on 
the second Issuer Business Day prior to a Compulsory Redemption Date for that class pursuant 
to Condition 9.6, then notwithstanding that a number of Micro Securities of that class or 
Commodity Securities of that type or types may have been specified pursuant to that Condition 
which is not all of those Micro or Commodity Securities, such Compulsory Redemption Date 
shall be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all of the Micro Securities of that class and 
Commodity Securities of that type or types. 
 If the Issuer is considering exercising its power under Condition 20.3 to divide any Pool, or has 
determined to exercise such power, it may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Micro 
Securities of the class attributable to such Pool and all types of Commodity Securities which are 
comprised, in whole or in part, of Micro Securities of that class under Condition 8.1(a) and Condition 
8.1(b) and, subject as provided in this Condition 8.20, may terminate any such suspension. The 
following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines to exercise its powers under this 
Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 30 days 
but (without prejudice to Condition 9.4) shall terminate when either the Issuer has determined 
to divide such Pool and such division has become effective or the Issuer has announced via 
an RIS that it has determined not to divide such Pool; and 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before 
the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form or Agreed Redemption 
Form lodged or deemed received on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Micro 
or Commodity Securities of that type is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid. 
 If the Calculation Agent for the purposes of one or more Facility Agreements notifies the Issuer 
pursuant to that Facility Agreement (or any calculation agency agreement entered into by it in 
connection therewith) that it has determined that as a result of the application in the United Kingdom 
of “Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds” any calculation, determination or provision by the Calculation Agent of a substitute 
index value in respect of any class of Commodity Contracts would be unduly burdensome, the Issuer 
may determine to suspend the right to Redeem the Micro Securities of that class and all types of 
Commodity Securities which are comprised, in whole or in part, of Micro Securities of such class, in 
each case pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) and, subject as provided in this Condition 8.21, may terminate 
any such suspension at its discretion. The following provisions shall apply where the Issuer determines 
to exercise its powers under this Condition: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall give notice of such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension 
via an RIS as soon as practicable, but failure to give such notices shall not prevent the exercise 
of such powers; 
(b) 
any such suspension may continue in the discretion of the Issuer for a period of up to 90 days; 
and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(c) 
any suspension shall not affect any Redemption the Pricing Date for which had passed before 
the suspension commenced, but any Settlement Redemption Form lodged or deemed received 
on an Issuer Business Day when the right to Redeem Micro or Commodity Securities of that 
type pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) is suspended pursuant to this Condition shall be invalid. 
 COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than seven days’ notice in the case of (a) below and not 
less than thirty days’ notice in the case of (b) below) by RIS announcement nominate an Issuer 
Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Micro and Commodity Securities, or all 
Micro or Commodity Securities of any one or more type, if: 
(a) 
notice is given by either party thereto terminating a Facility Agreement or nominating a 
compulsory pricing date thereunder in respect of all Commodity Contracts created thereunder; 
or 
(b) 
the Issuer elects to Redeem all Micro and Commodity Securities, or all Micro or Commodity 
Securities of any one or more type, 
provided that a notice given under paragraph (b) may be withdrawn until the date not later than seven 
days prior to the date nominated to be the Compulsory Redemption Date so long as there remains 
in effect at least one Facility Agreement pursuant to which subsequent to that date Commodity 
Contracts of the same class as such Micro Securities (or of the same class or classes as the Micro 
Securities of which Commodity Securities of that type or types are comprised) may be created. 
 
If a Counterparty Event of Default or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the 
Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature) of the affected Micro and 
Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders holding affected Micro and Commodity Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having first 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that all the affected Micro 
and Commodity Securities outstanding are required to be Redeemed and nominating an Issuer 
Business Day falling not less than 20 Issuer Business Days (or two Issuer Business Days in the case 
of an Issuer Insolvency Event) from the giving of such notice to be a Compulsory Redemption Date 
and for this purpose “affected Micro and Commodity Securities” means, in the context of an Issuer 
Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default, those Micro and 
Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include rights against that 
particular Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
 
If a Compulsory Redemption Date is nominated by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9.1(a) in relation 
to any Micro or Commodity Securities following notice having been given by the Issuer to terminate a 
Facility Agreement or to nominate a compulsory pricing date thereunder by reason of a Counterparty 
Event of Default and, prior to the Compulsory Redemption Date, the Issuer has either: 
(a) 
determined to divide a Pool to which outstanding Commodity Contracts created under that 
Facility Agreement are attributable by allocating all such Commodity Contracts to the New Pool 
in accordance with Condition 20.3; or 
(b) 
announced by an RIS its intention to do so or that it is considering doing so, 
the Issuer may determine that the Redemption pursuant to Condition 9.1(a) shall not apply to the 
Micro or Commodity Securities attributable to that Pool but shall apply (mutatis mutandis) to the New 
Micro Securities, New Individual Securities and New Index Securities attributable to such new Pool 
and otherwise on the basis of this Condition 9. If in the case of paragraph (b) such division shall not 
have become effective within 30 days of such announcement, this Condition shall cease to have 
effect. The Issuer shall give notice of any determination made pursuant to this Condition 9.3 via an RIS 
as soon as practicable, but failure to give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of its powers 
hereunder.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
If a Facility Agreement has been terminated, or notice of a compulsory pricing date thereunder by 
reason of a Counterparty Event of Default has been given, then no further Redemption Forms in 
respect of Micro or Commodity Securities attributable to a Pool to which outstanding Commodity 
Contracts created under that Facility Agreement are attributable, given on or after the date of such 
termination or given or deemed given after the date of such notice shall be effective unless and until 
whichever occurs earlier of: 
(a) 
the Issuer has determined to divide such Pool as referred to in Condition 9.3 and such division 
has become effective; and 
(b) 
the Issuer has announced by an RIS that Redemption Forms given after, or on or after, the date 
specified in such announcement will be effective, the date determined in accordance with such 
announcement. Any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions and any 
Redemption Form which would not be effective in the absence of such announcement shall 
not be effective if it is not in accordance with such conditions. 
Compulsory Redemption due to Index Disruption 
 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement nominate an 
Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Micro Securities of a particular class 
(or Commodity Securities which are comprised (in whole or in part) of that class of Micro Securities) 
if: 
(a) 
an Individual Commodity Index which relates to that class of Micro Securities is no longer 
calculated and published in accordance with the Handbook and the Calculation Agent gives 
notice to the Issuer under a Facility Agreement of its intent to discontinue calculation and 
notification of that Individual Commodity Index to the Issuer under that Facility Agreement; or 
(b) 
non-calculation or non-publication of an Individual Commodity Index which relates to that class 
of Micro Securities for any reason continues for a continuous period of thirty days, and a 
Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer are unable to reach agreement on a 
permanent replacement mechanism or amendments to the relevant Facility Agreement to give 
effect to that mechanism. 
9.5A 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than two Business Days’ notice) by RIS announcement 
nominate an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for all Micro Securities of 
a particular class (or Commodity Securities which are comprised (in whole or in part) of that class 
of Micro Securities) if the right to Redeem the Micro Securities of that class and all types of 
Commodity Securities which are comprised, in whole or in part, of Micro Securities of such class, in 
each case pursuant to Condition 8.1(a), is suspended pursuant to Condition 8.21 for at least 30 
calendar days. 
Compulsory Redemption due to Hedging Disruption 
 
The Issuer may at any time (upon not less than thirty days’ notice) by RIS announcement nominate 
an Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date for a particular class of Micro Securities 
(or type of Commodity Securities which are comprised (in whole or in part) of that class of Micro 
Securities), and the number of such Micro Securities (and the number(s) and type(s) of such 
Commodity Securities), if as a consequence of a Hedging Disruption Event a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty or any of its Affiliates is required by law or by the order of a regulatory authority having 
jurisdiction to close hedging positions (if any) which a Commodity Contract Counterparty (acting 
reasonably) attributes to the hedging of its obligations in connection with the relevant Facility 
Agreement or Commodity Contracts of the same class. Any such notice may specify a number of 
Micro or Commodity Securities (which may not be all of those Micro or Commodity Securities) to be 
redeemed in consequence of such notice and if in relation to any particular type of Micro or 
Commodity Securities the Issuer does not redeem all the outstanding Micro or Commodity Securities 
they will be redeemed in accordance with Condition 9.11 pro rata to holdings on the relevant Register 
as at the Compulsory Redemption Date. Any nomination of a Compulsory Redemption Date by the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Issuer under this Condition 9.6 in relation to less than all of the Micro Securities of any particular class 
or Commodity Securities of any particular type or types is subject to Condition 8.19. 
Compulsory Redemption on a fall in the Price relative to the Principal Amount 
9.6A 
If on any Pricing Day the Price of any class or classes of Micro Security falls to 2.5 times the Principal 
Amount of such Micro Security or below, the Issuer may at any time, for so long as the Price 
continues to be less than 2.5 times the Principal Amount of such Micro Security and during the 
period 60 days thereafter, upon not less than 2 days’ notice by RIS announcement nominate an 
Issuer Business Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of that class of Micro Security 
and all types of Commodity Securities which are comprised, in whole or in part, of Micro Securities 
of such class and subject to Condition 3.2 investors will receive a sum on such Compulsory 
Redemption calculated in accordance with Condition 9.11. The right to nominate an Issuer Business 
Day to be a Compulsory Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 9.6A shall cease if an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed which has the effect of reducing the Principal Amount to a level 
less than two-fifths of the Price, but this is without prejudice to any subsequent nomination pursuant 
to this Condition if on any Pricing Day the Price of that class of Micro Security falls to 2.5 times the 
Principal Amount (as so reduced) of such Micro Security or below. 
Compulsory Redemption when Intra-day Price falls to zero 
9.6B 
If on any day after the WTI Crude Oil Index Substitution Completion Date a Commodity Contract 
Counterparty notifies the Issuer that Commodity Contracts of the same class as the WTI Crude Oil 
A Micro Classic Securities have been terminated as referred to in Condition 9.6C and a number of 
such Micro Securities are deemed pursuant to Condition 9.6C to have been Redeemed for no 
consideration, then a number of WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities equal to that of 
which such number of such Micro Securities are comprised will automatically be subject to a 
Compulsory Redemption on that day and, subject to Condition 3.2, Security Holders in respect of 
such WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities will receive a sum calculated in accordance 
with Condition 9.11 as if a Compulsory Redemption Date had been notified in respect of such 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities and on the basis that the Price of such 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities shall be zero. The Issuer will give notice via a RIS 
as soon as practicable upon being notified as described in the preceding sentence of this Condition 
9.6B, but no liability is assumed by the Issuer for any failure to give any such notice and failure to 
give any such notice shall not prejudice any Compulsory Redemption pursuant to the preceding 
sentence of this Condition 9.6B which shall have effect as provided therein whether or not, and 
irrespective of when, notice is given by the Issuer pursuant to this sentence. Where pursuant to this 
Condition 9.6B not all outstanding WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Individual Securities will be 
redeemed (or deemed redeemed) on such day, they will be redeemed (or deemed redeemed) pro 
rata to holdings on the relevant Register as at that day calculated in such manner as the Issuer in 
its discretion thinks fit. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.6B, Intra-day Price means in respect of any Micro or 
Commodity Security at any time on a Trading Day, the Price, calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5, using as I(i,t) the most recent value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index published 
as of such time by Bloomberg, provided that (i) if at the time when the Intra-day Price is determined, 
there is no real time publication by Bloomberg of the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index, 
the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index 
calculated using those prices most recently reported on the Relevant Exchange for the futures 
contracts by reference to the prices of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated (in whole 
or in part), (ii) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that such published value is incorrect, 
the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index 
calculated using the most recently reported prices for the futures contracts by reference to the prices 
of which that Individual Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part), (iii) if the Calculation 
Agent determines that as the result of a material trading disruption or anomaly the value of any 
futures contract used in calculating such published value manifestly does not reflect a fair market 
value for that futures contract having regard to the principles in the Facility Agreement described in 
Condition 16.5, the Calculation Agent shall instead determine fair market values for such futures 
contracts having regard to the principles in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 16.5 and 
calculate a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using such fair

--- Page 161 ---
161 
market values, and (iv) if the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred with respect to any applicable futures contract, the Calculation Agent shall 
instead use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using the most 
recently reported prices for the relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market 
Disruption Event and using a fair market value determined in accordance with the principles set out 
in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 16.5 for the relevant commodity futures that are 
subject to a Market Disruption Event. 
Compulsory Redemption of WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities when Intra-day Price falls 
to zero 
9.6C 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that the Intra-day Price of Commodity Contracts of the 
same class as the WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities has fallen to or below zero at any time 
during any Trading Day and a Commodity Contract Counterparty notifies the Issuer that Commodity 
Contracts of that class have been terminated then a number of WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic 
Securities equivalent to the number of Commodity Contracts of that class that have been terminated 
will automatically be subject to a Compulsory Redemption on that day (or, in the case of such WTI 
Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities comprised in any Commodity Securities in issue, will be deemed 
to have been Redeemed for no consideration on that day) and, subject to Condition 3.2, Security 
Holders in respect of such WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities will receive a sum calculated 
in accordance with Condition 9.11 as if a Compulsory Redemption Date had been notified in respect 
of such WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities and on the basis that the Price of such WTI Crude 
Oil A Micro Classic Securities shall be zero. The Issuer will give notice via a RIS as soon as 
practicable upon being notified as described in the preceding sentence of this Condition 9.6C, but no 
liability is assumed by the Issuer for any failure to give any such notice and failure to give any such 
notice shall not prejudice any Compulsory Redemption pursuant to the preceding sentence of this 
Condition 9.6C which shall have effect as provided therein whether or not, and irrespective of when, 
notice is given by the Issuer pursuant to this sentence. Where pursuant to this Condition 9.6C not all 
outstanding WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities will be redeemed (or deemed redeemed) on 
such day, they will be redeemed (or deemedredeemed) pro rata to holdings on the relevant 
Register as at that day calculated in such manner as the Issuer in its discretion thinks fit. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9.6C, Intra-day Price means in respect of any WTI Crude Oil A 
Micro Classic Securities at any time on a Trading Day, the Price, calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5, using as I(i,t) the most recent value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index published 
as of such time provided, that (i) if at the time when the Intra-day Price is determined, there is no 
real time publication of the value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index, the Calculation Agent 
shall instead use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using the 
most recently reported prices for the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which 
that Individual Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part), (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that such published value is incorrect, the Calculation Agent shall instead 
use a special value of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using the most recently 
reported prices for the futures contracts by reference to the Settlement Price for which that Individual 
Commodity Index is calculated (in whole or in part), (iii) if the Calculation Agent determines that as 
the result of a material trading disruption or anomaly the value of any futures contract used in 
calculating such published value manifestly does not reflect a fair market value for that futures 
contract having regard to the principles in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 16.3, the 
Calculation Agent shall instead determine fair market values for such futures contracts having regard 
to the principles in the Facility Agreement described in Condition 16.3 and calculate a special value 
of the relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using such fair market values and (iv) if the 
Calculation Agent reasonably determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred with respect 
to any applicable futures contract, the Calculation Agent shall instead use a special value of the 
relevant Individual Commodity Index calculated using the most recently reported prices for the 
relevant futures contracts, if any, that are not subject to a Market Disruption Event and using a fair 
market value determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Facility Agreement 
described in Condition 16.3 for the relevant commodity futures that are subject to a Market 
Disruption Event.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Compulsory Redemption for cause 
 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time by written notice to a Security Holder nominate 
an Issuer Business Day (being not less than seven Trading Days and not more than fourteen Trading 
Days following the date of the notice) to be a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of Micro and 
Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 15 to certify whether or 
not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date 
specified in the notice given under Condition 15 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the 
form and executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(b) 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 15 to certify whether or 
not it is a Prohibited US Person and the (i) Security Holder did not by the date specified in the 
notice given under Condition 15 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and 
executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited US 
Person; or 
(c) 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (i) that such Micro and Commodity Securities are or 
may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement 
of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those Micro and 
Commodity Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of 
those Micro and Commodity Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other 
circumstance appearing to the Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which 
it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(i) or (b)(i) so failed to 
provide such a certification, or in the case of sub-paragraph (a)(ii) or (b)(ii) certified that it is a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, in each case in respect of some only of 
the Micro and Commodity Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer under this Condition shall 
relate only to those Micro and Commodity Securities (and not any other Micro or Commodity Securities 
held by that Security Holder). 
 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 9.7 provides to the Issuer prior to 
the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Micro and Commodity Securities have been 
transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then 
the Micro and Commodity Securities referred to in that notice shall not be redeemed under these 
Conditions. 
 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 9.7 does not provide to the Issuer 
prior to the Notice Deadline proof required by the Issuer that its Micro and Commodity Securities have 
been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, 
then the Micro and Commodity Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of being 
transferred by that Security Holder and the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported 
transfer of those Micro and Commodity Securities. 
 The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration taken 
or made in accordance with this Condition 9. The exercise of the powers conferred by this Condition 
9 shall not be questioned or invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient 
evidence of direct or beneficial ownership or holding of the Micro and Commodity Securities, or any 
other grounds save that such powers shall have been exercised in good faith 
Compulsory Redemptions 
 Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified in accordance with these Conditions other than 
pursuant to Condition 9.7, in respect thereof: 
(a) the Issuer shall, no later than 8.00 a.m. on the Compulsory Redemption Date, by RIS 
announcement publish the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number of Micro and Commodity

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Securities of each relevant type to be priced on successive Pricing Days for each class 
commencing on the Compulsory Redemption Date; 
(b) on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced for each type of Micro or Commodity Securities to which 
the Compulsory Redemption Date relates shall be priced until Micro and Commodity Securities 
of that type (including, in the case of a Compulsory Redemption Date notified in accordance 
with Condition 9.6, all those Micro or Commodity Securities that have previously been deducted 
from the Compulsory Daily Pricing Number for that type pursuant to the proviso contained in 
the definition of “Compulsory Number Priced” in connection with that Compulsory Pricing Date) 
in a number equal to the Compulsory Redemption Number for that type have been Priced; 
(c) on the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory Redemption the Issuer shall (subject 
to the Security Holder depositing the Micro and Commodity Securities in question into an 
appropriate CREST account or otherwise delivering such Micro and Commodity Securities to 
the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer) pay into the appropriate Redemption Account(s) the 
sum of the Prices of all Micro and Commodity Securities thereby Priced together with an 
amount equivalent to interest thereon calculated at the rate of the Capital Adjustment then 
prevailing, in each case from the second London Business Day following the Pricing Day on 
which that Price was determined (provided that if either that day or the preceding London 
Business Day is not also a New York Business Day then from the Business Day next following 
the day from which it would have been calculated but for this proviso) until and including the 
Redemption Payment Date; 
(d) each Redemption Account shall be credited with the relevant Security Holder’s pro-rata share 
of the sum of the Prices of all Micro and Commodity Securities thereby Priced (and the Issuer 
shall be under no obligation to make payment of the amount so Priced until that amount shall 
have been determined); and 
(e) upon payment in full of that amount all such Micro and Commodity Securities which were so 
priced shall be cancelled. 
 Where a Compulsory Redemption Date is notified to a Security Holder in accordance with Condition 
9.7: 
(a) on the Compulsory Redemption Date and on any required succeeding Pricing Day the 
applicable Compulsory Number Priced of each type of Micro or Commodity Securities shall be 
priced until Micro and Commodity Securities of that type in a number equal to the Compulsory 
Redemption Number for that type have been Priced; and 
(b) within three Business Days of the Redemption Payment Date for such Compulsory Redemption 
the Issuer shall (subject to the Security Holder depositing the Micro and Commodity Securities 
in question into an appropriate CREST account or otherwise delivering such Micro and 
Commodity Securities to the Issuer in such manner as may be agreed by the Issuer or 
otherwise all such Micro or Commodity securities being cancelled to the satisfaction of the 
Issuer) pay into the appropriate Redemption Account(s) the Redemption Amount. 
 SETTLEMENT OF REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
 Where a Redemption Form has been given for the Redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities, the 
Security Holder which holds those Micro or Commodity Securities which are the subject of 
that Redemption must deposit the Micro and Commodity Securities in question into an appropriate 
CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions in accordance with the 
Redemption Notice if they were in Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver the Micro and Commodity 
Securities to be Redeemed and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as 
the Issuer may agree if they are in Certificated Form. Once a valid Redemption Form is given in respect 
of Micro and Commodity Securities, unless the Redemption Form is validly withdrawn (in accordance 
with Condition 8.11) the Micro and Commodity Securities in respect of which it was given may not be

--- Page 164 ---
164 
transferred by the Security Holder (except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any 
subsequent transfer of any of those Micro or Commodity Securities. 
 Failure by a Security Holder to deposit those Micro and Commodity Securities into an appropriate 
CREST account and give correct delivery versus payment instructions shall not invalidate the 
Redemption of those Micro and Commodity Securities. Where settlement of a Redemption of Micro and 
Commodity Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder to deposit the Micro and 
Commodity Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or give correct delivery versus 
payment instructions or otherwise deliver such Micro and Commodity Securities and any certificates 
representing them in a manner agreed by the Issuer, the Security Holder shall not be entitled to any 
interest on the Redemption Amount after the Redemption Payment Date. If the Security Holder fails 
to deliver such Micro and Commodity Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another 
method agreed with the Issuer), the Issuer shall be entitled to pay the Redemption Amount in respect 
thereof into the Trustee’s Redemption Account (to be held on trust for the Security Holder), and to 
cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Micro and Commodity Securities. 
 Where Micro or Commodity Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 9, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, upon payment of the Redemption Amount (less the Redemption Fee, if applicable) into the 
applicable Redemption Account to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Micro and 
Commodity Securities being Redeemed. 
 Save to the extent that the proviso to Condition 8.3 applies, payment of the Redemption Amount (less 
any applicable Redemption Fee deducted under Condition 11) into the applicable Redemption 
Account on the Redemption Payment Date is in full satisfaction of all liability which the Issuer has to 
Security Holders in respect of the Micro and Commodity Securities which have been Redeemed. 
 The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that a Commodity Contract Counterparty may 
have to withhold or deduct from a payment for a Commodity Contract Termination that corresponds 
to any Redemption by that Security Holder an amount for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any 
authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by the practice of any relevant 
governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any form or document to 
be delivered by beneficial owners of Micro or Commodity Securities that may allow the Commodity 
Contract Counterparty to make such payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such 
withholding or deduction at a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer 
and the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty by the relevant Security Holder or if it is not the 
beneficial owner of Micro or Commodity Securities held by such Security Holder and which are to be 
redeemed, such beneficial owner, then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching obligation 
of the Issuer to pay any Redemption Amount to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the 
amount of the withholding or deduction. If there is more than one Commodity Contract Counterparty 
the Issuer shall not be under any obligation to select the Commodity Contract Counterparty to whom 
the Commodity Contract Termination relates with a view to minimising or avoiding any such withholding 
or deduction or otherwise and shall have no liability to Security Holders in respect of any such 
selection or otherwise in relation to any such withholding or deduction. 
 The Redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the occurrence of a 
Listing Failure, and delivery of Micro or Commodity Securities by an Authorised Participant in 
connection therewith, shall be effected in accordance with the procedures set out in the applicable 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
 If the proviso in Condition 8.11(c) applies with respect to an Index Security, then on the Redemption 
Payment Date for that Index Security the Issuer shall Redeem the Index Security: 
(a) 
to the extent that it is comprised of Micro Securities which have been Priced at the end of 
the fourth General Trading Day following Day 1 (Priced Securities), by payment into the 
relevant Redemption Account of an amount equal to the Redemption Amount that would have 
been determined for that Index Security if it had been comprised of the Priced Securities only; 
and

--- Page 165 ---
165 
(b) 
to the extent that it is comprised of Micro Securities still not priced at the end of the fourth 
General Trading Day following Day 1 (Delayed Securities), by delivering to the relevant 
Security Holder Micro Securities of the same classes and in the same number as such Delayed 
Securities, and otherwise in accordance with this Condition 10. The Issuer may give such 
directions to the Security Holder as appear to the Issuer to be necessary to enable the settlement 
of any payment or delivery to be made by it pursuant to this Condition. 
 REDEMPTION FEE 
 Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to 
Redeem Micro and Commodity Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the 
Redemption Amount and that if it does not the Security Holder of such Micro and Commodity 
Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such Redemption in accordance 
with this Condition 11. The Issuer may offset the amount of the Redemption Fee payable hereunder 
against the Redemption Amount payable to the Security Holder. 
 On a Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the 
Redemption Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement to be 
payable, or such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that Authorised Participant at the 
time of the Redemption, regardless of the number of Micro and Commodity Securities being 
redeemed. 
 On a Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not 
an Authorised Participant (where there are no Authorised Participants), the Redemption Fee shall be 
an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption request, which shall be 
notified to the Security Holder at the time of the Redemption being not greater than £500 or such 
other amount as may be notified through a RIS. 
 On a Compulsory Redemption of Micro and Commodity Securities by the Issuer or at the request of 
the Trustee, the Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation 
to the Redemption, including the costs of enquiries under Condition 15 and the cost of giving notices 
under Condition 9 being not greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified through a 
RIS. The Issuer shall notify Security Holders whose Micro and Commodity Securities are subject to 
Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs, and their allocation to particular Security 
Holders, at the time of the Redemption. 
 The Issuer may set off any amount payable to the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 11 by the 
holder of Micro and Commodity Securities in respect of the Redemption Fee against the Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer to such holder 
 INTEREST ON SETTLEMENT FAILURE 
 Following the occurrence of a Settlement Failure, interest shall accrue on any balance of the 
Redemption Amount not paid or otherwise discharged by or on behalf of the Issuer from the 
Settlement Failure Date. Such interest shall: 
(a) 
accrue at the Funding Rate from and including the Settlement Failure Date to but excluding 
the date falling two Business Days after the Settlement Failure Date, and thereafter at the 
Default Rate; and 
(b) 
cease to accrue on the date on which such balance is paid into the relevant Redemption 
Account. 
 SATISFACTION OF REDEMPTION FORMS BY TRANSFER 
 The Issuer may in its absolute discretion elect to satisfy Redemption Forms by transfer of the 
appropriate number of Micro and Commodity Securities to one or more Authorised Participant(s) from 
Security Holder(s) seeking Redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person 
on behalf of the Security Holder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the 
relevant number(s) of Micro and Commodity Securities provided that the amount payable to the 
Security Holder shall still be an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount (less the 
Redemption Fee) and the relevant Redemption Payment Day will be the date of the transfer(s).

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 REBALANCING OF INDEX SECURITIES 
 The rights of an Index Security shall be adjusted from time to time, so that the numbers and classes of 
Micro Securities comprised in such Index Securities and the Principal Amount of such Index 
Securities shall be adjusted as provided in this Condition 14 (a Rebalancing). 
 A Rebalancing will take place whenever Commodity Indices are rebalanced (a Required 
Rebalancing), and may at the election of the Issuer take place on other occasions if the Issuer 
considers in good faith a Rebalancing to be desirable to help reduce tracking error with the 
Commodity Indices or any of their sub-indices (a Voluntary Rebalancing). 
 A Rebalancing shall not create, issue, redeem or cancel any Micro and Commodity Securities and no 
payment shall be made to a Security Holder in respect of any Rebalancing. 
 The Issuer covenants under the Trust Instrument that it shall procure that, in conjunction with each 
Rebalancing of Index Securities, the number of Commodity Contracts of each class in existence (and 
possibly, in the case of a Required Rebalancing, classes of Commodity Contracts) in existence will 
be adjusted to correspond with the number and classes of Micro and Commodity Securities in 
existence immediately following the Rebalancing. 
 If there is to be a change in the classes of Micro Securities that are comprised in a category of Index 
Securities following a Required Rebalancing, the Issuer shall notify the holders of those Index 
Securities of the change not less than fifteen days prior to the Rebalancing Calculation Date. The 
classes so notified may include new classes of Micro Securities representing new commodities the 
prices of which are to be included in the calculation of the Commodity Indices following the 
Rebalancing. In the absence of a notification there shall be no change to the classes of Micro 
Securities which are comprised in a category of Index Securities. 
 The Issuer shall notify holders of Index Securities of a Voluntary Rebalancing not less than 10 days 
prior to the expected Rebalancing Calculation Date of that Rebalancing, at the same time notifying 
them of the month in which that Voluntary Rebalancing is to be effected and whether the Voluntary 
Rebalancing is to be an Extended Voluntary Rebalancing. 
 The Weights to be used in a Rebalancing shall be as follows: 
(a) 
the Weights for the WisdomTree Broad Commodities Index Securities and the WisdomTree 
Longer Dated Broad Commodities Index Securities shall be the same as the Notifiable Weights 
of the Relevant Commodity Index notified by the Commodity Contract Counterparty in 
accordance with the Facility Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Weights for each other category of Index Securities shall be the Weights determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above (excluding those Weights of commodities which are 
not represented in that category of Index Security), re-weighted proportionally so that the 
sum of the Weights of the commodities represented in that Index Security equals exactly 
100 per cent. 
 The Issuer shall notify the holders, by way of RIS announcement, of each category of Index Securities 
of the Weights used in the Rebalancing of the Index Securities following their calculation. 
 On a Rebalancing Calculation Date, the Target Number of Micro Securities comprised in each Index 
Security of a particular category following a Rebalancing shall be calculated by applying the following 
formula to each class of Micro Securities to be comprised in that category of Index Securities: 
 
MST(i,j) = VSum(j,T) x Weight(i,j,T)/P(i,T)  
where: 
T 
refers to the Rebalancing Calculation Date; 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Micro Securities;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
j 
refers to the relevant category of Index Securities; 
MST(i,j) 
is the Target Number of Micro Securities of class i to be comprised in each Index 
Security of category j following the Rebalancing; 
VSum(j,T) 
is the sum of the Values of each and every Micro Security comprised in an Index 
Security of category j on the Rebalancing Calculation Date provided that if that 
day is a Market Disruption Day for any Individual Commodity Index, a substitute 
value for such index for the relevant day calculated by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of the Facility Agreement shall be used instead; 
Weight(i,j,T) is the applicable Weight for Micro Securities of class i in Index Securities of 
category j, on the Rebalancing Calculation Date, determined in accordance with 
Condition 14.7, expressed as a decimal (so that 1 per cent. is expressed as 
0.01); and 
P(i,T) 
is the Price of Micro Securities of class i, on the Rebalancing Calculation Date 
provided that if that day is a Market Disruption Day for any Individual Commodity 
Index, a substitute value for such index for the relevant day calculated by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of the Facility Agreement shall be used 
instead. 
 For a Required Rebalancing and an Extended Voluntary Rebalancing, the number of Micro Securities 
of each class comprised in each Index Security of a particular category will be adjusted as follows: 
(a) 
Where the number of Micro Securities comprised in a category of Index Securities is being 
reduced (because the Target Number of Micro Securities of that class for the category of Index 
Security in question, determined in accordance with Condition 14.9, is less than the number of 
Micro Securities of that class comprised in each Index Security of that category prior to the 
Rebalancing), at the commencement of each day (day t) following each of the first “N” (as 
defined below) Hedge Roll Days the reduction in number of Micro Securities of each such class, 
in relation to that category of Index Securities, shall be: 
 
MSDR(i,j,t) = (MSB(i, j) — MST(i,j))/N 
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Micro Securities; 
t 
refers to day t; 
j 
refers to the relevant category of Index Securities; 
MSDR(i,j,t) 
is the number of Micro Securities of class i reduced on day t; 
 
MSB(i, j) 
is the number of Micro Securities of class i before the Rebalancing; 
MST(i, j) 
is the Target Number of Micro Securities of class i, determined in accordance 
with Condition 14.9; and 
N 
is five, or such other number of days scheduled for the Rebalancing (assuming 
no Market Disruption Days); 
provided however that if the Hedge Roll Day is not a Pricing Day for a class of Individual 
Commodity Index, “MSDR(i,j,t)” for that class of Micro Security shall be zero on day t and on 
the day following the next Pricing Day for that class of Individual Commodity Index that number 
of Micro Securities will be reduced in addition to any other reduction to occur on such day.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
(b) 
Where the number of Micro Securities comprised in a category of Index Securities is being 
increased or established (because the Target Number of Micro Securities of that class for the 
category of Index Security in question, determined in accordance with Condition 14.9, is greater 
than the number of Micro Securities of that class comprised, or that class was not comprised, 
in each Index Security of that category prior to the Rebalancing), at the commencement of 
each day (day t) on which there is a reduction in Micro Securities pursuant to Condition 
14.10(a), the increase in number of Micro Securities of each such class, in relation to that 
category of Index Securities, shall be: 
 
MSDI(i,j,t) = VPTI(i,j,T) x VMSDR(j,t)/P(i,t-1) 
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Micro Securities; 
t 
refers to day t; 
j 
refers to the relevant category of Index Securities; 
MSDI(i,j,t) 
is the increase in the number of Micro Securities of class i on day t; 
VPTI(i,j,T) 
is the Value, on the Rebalancing Calculation Date, of the Micro Securities of 
class i to be increased during the Rebalancing expressed as a percentage of the 
Value of all Micro Securities comprised in Index Securities of category j to be 
increased during the Rebalancing; 
VMSDR(j,t) is the Value, on the Pricing Day immediately prior to day t, of all Micro Securities 
comprised in Index Securities of category j reduced on day t in accordance with 
Condition 14.10(a); and 
P(i,t-1) 
is the Price of Micro Securities of class i, on the Pricing Day immediately prior to 
day t; 
provided however if the day prior to day t is not a Pricing Day for a class of Individual 
Commodity Index, “MSDI(i,j,t)” for that class of Micro Security shall be zero on day t and shall be 
recalculated (by changing only P(i,t-1)) on the day following the next Pricing Day for that class of 
Individual Commodity Index and that recalculated number of Micro Securities will be increased 
in addition to any other increase to occur on such day. 
(c) 
Micro Securities required to be removed from an Index Security in accordance with 
Condition 14.10(a) shall thereupon, without further action by the Security Holder, be converted 
into the Micro Securities required to be added in accordance with Condition 14.10(b). 
 For a Voluntary Rebalancing other than an Extended Voluntary Rebalancing, at the commencement 
of the day following the Rebalancing Calculation Date each class of Micro Securities comprised in 
each category of Index Securities in existence will be adjusted in accordance with Condition 14.10 
except that N shall be 1 and day t shall be the first General Trading Day following the Rebalancing 
Calculation Date. 
 A Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer may agree refinements to the Rebalancing 
mechanisms set out above from time to time, without the consent of the Trustee. Subject to the same 
provisos to Condition 30.2(d), the Rebalancing mechanisms set out above shall be amended in the 
manner agreed in writing by the Commodity Contract Counterparty and the Issuer and notified to 
Security Holders in an RIS announcement. 
 No money shall be payable by the Issuer to Security Holders, or by Security Holders to the Issuer, in 
respect of a Rebalancing.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
 The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security 
Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
(a) 
to certify, no later than the date (the Investor Notice Expiry Date) falling fifteen Trading Days 
following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement to that Security 
Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US 
Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and type of Micro and Commodity Securities in 
respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US Person); and 
(b) 
if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in respect of 
all Micro and Commodity Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the Investor Notice 
Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined by the Issuer that 
the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (or 
not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in respect of certain Micro 
and Commodity Securities held by it, specifying the number and type of Micro and Commodity 
Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or is, and is 
not, a Prohibited US Person). 
 The Issuer may provide to any Commodity Contract Counterparty copies of any enquiries made by it 
under this Condition 15 and any responses received from the Security Holder. 
 The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 15, to 
assume that none of the Micro and Commodity Securities are held by Prohibited US Persons or 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors 
 CALCULATION AGENT 
 The Calculation Agent is appointed by the Issuer and each Commodity Contract Counterparty for the 
purposes of the relevant Facility Agreement (but not for the purposes of these Conditions, the Micro 
and Commodity Securities or the Trust Instrument): 
(a) 
to determine whether a Market Disruption Event exists; 
(b) 
if an Individual Commodity Index is not published for five or more consecutive Trading Days by 
reason of those Trading Days being Market Disruption Days in respect of that Individual 
Commodity Index, to calculate and provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Individual 
Commodity Index on each subsequent Trading Day for as long as the Market Disruption Event 
continues; 
(c) 
if an Individual Commodity Index is not published on a Trading Day for any reason other than 
that Trading Day being a Market Disruption Day in respect of that Individual Commodity Index, 
to calculate and provide to the Issuer a substitute value for that Individual Commodity Index for 
that Trading Day and for each subsequent Trading Day for as long as the non- publication 
continues; 
(d) 
to make the determinations and calculations provided for in Condition 14.9; and 
(e) 
to make the determinations and notifications referred to in the definitions of ECIPs and 
Notifiable Weights. 
 The Calculation Agent is or will be required under each relevant Facility Agreement (or any calculation 
agency agreement entered into by it in connection therewith) to act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in accordance with its obligations set out in that Facility Agreement (or such 
calculation agency agreement). Subject thereto, in the absence of manifest error the determinations 
of the Calculation Agent are final and conclusive. 
 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement a substitute value for an Individual Commodity 
Index is calculated by the Calculation Agent for a Trading Day, that substitute value shall be used in

--- Page 170 ---
170 
the calculation of the Price of Micro Securities to which that Individual Commodity Index is applicable 
for that Trading Day, in lieu of the Individual Commodity Index. 
 If the Issuer provides copies to the Trustee of determinations notified to the Issuer by the Calculation 
Agent and/or notifies the Trustee (or any other person) of determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent, but it shall do so on the express basis that: 
(a) 
such copies and notifications are provided to the Trustee for information purposes only; 
(b) 
neither the Trustee nor any holder or potential holder of Micro and Commodity Securities shall 
be entitled to rely as against the Calculation Agent upon any determination of the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) 
no duty shall be owed by the Calculation Agent to the Trustee or any holder or potential holder 
of Micro and Commodity Securities in connection with any such determination. 
 Where for the purposes of each Facility Agreement the Calculation Agent calculates a substitute value 
for an Individual Commodity Index it is or will be required to adopt and follow the following principles 
in making that calculation: 
(a) 
the substitute value shall be based on the Calculation Agent’s determination of the fair market 
value at such time of the futures contracts underlying the Individual Commodity Index based 
on factors the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, but not limited to, prices in other 
commodity markets, any available electronic or after hours trading prices, related over-the-
counter or other non-exchange based prices, implied prices that may be derived from other 
exchange traded instruments, and estimated fair values based on fundamental market 
information; and 
(b) 
in determining the substitute value, the Calculation Agent shall have regard to relative 
movements in prices in other commodity futures markets for the same or similar commodities 
which were not affected by the Market Disruption Event or other event. 
 ENFORCEMENT 
 In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Security Deed with respect 
to the Secured Property, the Trustee may at any time: 
(a) 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing 
by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee having first 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby 
render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action 
as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer 
under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed(s) in respect of 
the relevant Micro and Commodity Securities to which such Defaulted Obligation relates; and 
(b) 
if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not 
less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was determined 
on such date the most recently determined Price) of the affected Micro and Commodity 
Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders holding affected Micro and Commodity Securities (as a single class), the Trustee 
having first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it 
may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or 
other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of 
the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deed(s) in 
respect of all affected and outstanding Micro and Commodity Securities and for this purpose 
(and Condition 17.3) “affected Micro and Commodity Securities” means, in the context of an 
Issuer Insolvency Event, all of them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
those Micro and Commodity Securities that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include 
rights against that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
 If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings and 
obligations (other than payment obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not remedied the same 
within 30 days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but shall not be obliged to, 
give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, the Trustee shall provide a 
copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer and shall include with the notice any statement of not more 
than 1,000 words prepared by the Issuer and provided to the Trustee for the purpose within 7 days 
of receipt of the copy of the proposed notice referred to herein. In any such notice the Trustee may 
designate a Period (the Breach Redemption Period) commencing on any General Trading Day until 
the date one month from such General Trading Day (inclusive) during which each Security Holder will 
be entitled to redeem all (but not some only) of the Micro and Commodity Securities held by it in the 
same manner as though there were no Authorised Participants. After the expiry of the Breach 
Redemption Period, the relevant breach shall be deemed waived without prejudice to the right of 
the Trustee to take action in the event of any subsequent such breach. 
17.2A. In the event that at any time during the Breach Redemption Period the right to Redeem Micro 
Securities of any class or Commodity Securities of any type or types pursuant to Condition 8.1(a) is 
suspended pursuant to Condition 8.19 or the right to Redeem Micro Securities of any class or 
Commodity Securities of any type or types is suspended pursuant to Condition 8.20, then the right to 
Redeem Micro Securities of that class and Commodity Securities of that type or types pursuant to 
Condition 17.2 shall be suspended in like manner and the provisions of Condition 8.19(c) or Condition 
8.20(c) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Upon the suspension ceasing under 
Condition 8.19 or Condition 8.20 (as the case may be), the right to Redeem Micro Securities of that 
class and Commodity Securities of that type or types pursuant to Condition 17.2 shall resume and 
the Breach Redemption Period in respect of that class shall continue until the date one month from 
the date on which the suspension so ceased. 
 If a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same time as a 
Defaulted Obligation, a Security Holder holding affected Micro and Commodity Securities to whom a 
Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action in accordance 
with Condition 17.1(a) until the expiry of 30 days from the occurrence of the Counterparty Event of 
Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such period of 30 days, the 
Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action in accordance with Condition 17.1(b). 
 Subject to Condition 17.6, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust Instrument or the 
Security Deeds. Where the Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by a Security Deed, the right of Security 
Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with the Issuer shall cease. Valid Redemption Forms lodged 
before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the security (the Election Date) will be 
Redeemed in the normal manner. The Price for all Micro and Commodity Securities of a particular 
type outstanding at the Election Date will be the average Redemption Amount of the remaining Micro 
or Commodity Securities of that type. 
 If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 17.1 with respect to any Micro or Commodity 
Securities to which a Defaulted Obligation relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that such Micro and 
Commodity Securities in respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall become, due and 
payable at their Redemption Amount, calculated in accordance with Condition 8.1 (Redemption 
Entitlement). 
 No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, 
in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against the Issuer as those which 
the Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
 All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect of a 
particular class of Micro Securities (and any type of Commodity Securities to the extent that the amount 
payable on Redemption of such Commodity Securities is calculated by reference to Micro Securities of 
that class and for which they may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument) shall be held by the Trustee upon trust, to apply them: 
(a) 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee and unpaid (including 
to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by the Trustee) under 
terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of any remuneration and expenses of any 
receiver and the costs of realisation of the security constituted by the relevant Security Deed; 
(b) 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then 
due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of Micro 
Securities of that class and any type of Commodity Securities to the extent that they are 
comprised of Micro Securities of that class; and 
(c) 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in 
respect of, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as between 
the Issuer and any other person). 
 RESTRICTIONS 
 So long as any Micro and Commodity Securities of a particular type are outstanding, the Issuer 
covenants in the Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
(a) 
not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for borrowed 
money other than Micro and Commodity Securities or Further Securities, and not to give 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with 
the prior written consent of the Trustee; 
(b) 
other than as permitted under the applicable Security Deed, not to dispose of any of the 
Secured Property or any interest therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, or 
other form of encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in favour 
of any person; 
(c) 
not to undertake any business save for the issue and redemption of Micro and Commodity 
Securities, the acquisition and disposal of Commodity Contracts, the issue and redemption of 
Short and Leveraged Commodity Securities (and any other securities constituted by the Short 
and Leveraged Trust Instrument) and the acquisition and disposal of Commodity Contracts (as 
defined in the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument) and in each case entering into the 
necessary documents and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder; 
(d) 
to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months following 
Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at least one 
Authorised Participant; 
(e) 
not to issue any Micro or Commodity Securities of any type unless it has purchased Commodity 
Contracts with corresponding terms and in an aggregate matching Redemption Amount; 
(f) 
not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in any jurisdiction other than Jersey; 
(g) 
not to make any election under U.S. federal income tax laws to be treated otherwise than as 
an association taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
(h) 
to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation; 
(i) 
to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that they are readily 
distinguishable from each other and from any other pool to which any other class of securities 
of the Issuer is attributable (including but not limited to any Pool (as defined for the purposes 
of the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument)); and 
(j) 
to exercise its rights in respect of any Collateral in any circumstance where such rights become 
exercisable and there are amounts due from the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty 
and unpaid. 
 FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; TRANSFERS TO NEW POOLS; CONSOLIDATION AND 
DIVISION 
 Subject to its ability to create corresponding Commodity Contracts, the Issuer may (without the 
consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of undated limited recourse 
secured debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental to this Trust Instrument and 
may establish additional pools for the purposes of such securities and the Trustee shall join in such 
instrument or deed and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the purposes of the Trust Instrument 
and such securities shall be “Micro Securities” for such purposes, and the Issuer may further create 
and issue Commodity Securities, the amount payable on Redemption of which is calculated by 
reference to such Micro Securities in accordance with the Trust Instrument (and for which such 
Commodity Securities when in Certificated Form may be surrendered in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument). Any such additional classes of Micro Securities shall have 
recourse only to the Pool attributable to the relevant classes and not to any other Pool. Other such 
securities created and issued by the Issuer under this Condition 20.1 may relate to different 
commodities than those in respect of which Individual Securities are initially issued, or involve the same 
commodities but different commodity indices, or be Index Securities involving different combinations 
of Micro Securities or with different weightings, or involve different pricing mechanisms. Other such 
securities created by the Issuer under this Condition 20.1 may be created and issued subject to different 
terms and conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument (including but not limited to different pricing 
mechanisms), to be determined by the Issuer. If other securities issued by the Issuer under this 
Condition 20.1 are subject to different terms and conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument the Issuer 
shall publish those new conditions in its RIS announcement or in a prospectus or listing particulars or 
supplementary prospectus or supplementary listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
 The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Micro Securities of a new class, or Commodity 
Securities (the amount payable on Redemption of which is calculated by reference to (and when held 
in Certificated form may be surrendered in exchange for) Micro Securities of a new class) under 
Condition 20.1 unless it has first (a) created corresponding Commodity Contracts under the terms of a 
Facility Agreement and (b) executed and delivered to the Trustee a Security Deed assigning by way 
of security for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders the contractual rights of the 
Issuer under each commodity contract of the relevant class and creating a first floating charge for the 
benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders over the rights of the Issuer under that facility 
agreement (to the extent that it relates to such class), commodity contracts of that class created under 
it and any Guarantee supporting the obligations of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty to 
the Issuer to the extent that they apply to payments due in respect of that new class, for the benefit of 
the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders. 
 The Issuer may at any time (without the consent of the Security Holders and without giving prior 
notice) determine to divide any Pool (the Existing Pool) by allocating some of the Secured Property 
attributable to that existing Pool to a new Pool (the New Pool). If it determines to do so, the following 
shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer may only transfer all (and not merely some) of the Commodity Contracts with any

--- Page 174 ---
174 
one Commodity Contract Counterparty attributable to that Pool; 
(b) 
prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall create undated limited recourse 
secured micro securities (New Micro Securities) and undated limited recourse secured 
individual securities (New Individual Securities) of a new class referable to the same 
Individual Commodity Index and otherwise on the same terms as the Micro Securities 
attributable to the Existing Pool (the Existing Micro Securities) and the Individual Securities 
attributable to the Existing Pool (the Existing Individual Securities), each having a principal 
amount determined in accordance with Condition 20.3(d) constituted by an instrument or deed 
on the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no 
obligation to procure Listing of the New Micro Securities or the New Individual Securities) and 
on terms that such New Micro Securities and New Individual Securities shall have recourse 
only to the assets attributable to the New Pool, and (subject as provided in paragraph (f)) shall 
issue such New Micro Securities to the Security Holders of the Existing Micro Securities 
outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New Micro 
Security for each Existing Micro Security then held and such New Individual Securities to the 
Security Holders of the Existing Individual Securities outstanding immediately prior to the 
transfer becoming effective on the basis of one New Individual Security for each Existing 
Individual Security then held. For this purpose (but subject as provided in paragraph (f)) any 
Micro Security or Individual Security in respect of which a Defaulted Obligation has occurred 
and is continuing shall be treated as outstanding; 
(c) 
prior to or on the transfer becoming effective, the Issuer shall also create new classes of 
undated limited recourse secured index securities (New Index Securities), each on the same 
terms as the existing categories of Index Securities (Existing Index Securities) which 
comprise Existing Micro Securities, each having a principal amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 20.3(d) constituted by an instrument or deed on the same terms (mutatis 
mutandis) as the Trust Instrument (save that there shall be no obligation to procure Listing of the 
New Index Securities of any category) and on terms that such New Index Securities shall have 
recourse only to the assets attributable to the New Pools to which they are attributable, such 
New Index Securities being capable when in Certificated Form of surrender in exchange for 
the New Micro Securities of which they are comprised (being New Micro Securities 
corresponding to the Existing Micro Securities of which the Existing Index Securities to which 
that category of New Index Securities corresponds are comprised) and by reference to which the 
amount payable on Redemption of such New Index Securities is calculated, and (subject as 
provided in paragraph (f)) shall issue such New Index Securities to the Security Holders of the 
Existing Index Securities outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective on 
the basis of one New Index Security for each Existing Index Security then held. For this purpose 
(but subject as provided in paragraph (f)) any Index Security in respect of which a Defaulted 
Obligation has occurred and is continuing shall be treated as outstanding; 
(ca) 
notwithstanding the terms of paragraphs (b) and (c) above, the Issuer shall not be obliged to 
create New Individual Securities of a class under paragraph (b) on creation of a New Pool if 
there are no Existing Individual Securities attributable to the Existing Pool, and the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to create New Index Securities of any category if there are no Existing Index 
Securities which comprise Existing Micro Securities; 
(d) 
the principal amount and Pool Factor of each New Micro Security and each New Individual 
Security shall (subject as provided in paragraph (f)) be the proportion of the principal amount and 
Pool Factor respectively, of each Existing Micro Security and each Existing Individual Security 
(respectively) outstanding immediately prior to the transfer becoming effective that the 
aggregate Price of the Commodity Contracts to be transferred bears to the aggregate Price of 
the Commodity Contracts attributable to the Existing Pool, and on the creation and issue of the 
New Micro Securities and the New Individual Securities becoming effective the principal

--- Page 175 ---
175 
amount and Pool Factors of each Existing Micro Security and each Existing Individual Security 
and the principal amount of each Existing Index Security shall be reduced accordingly and the 
principal amount of each New Index Security determined accordingly; 
(e) 
the Issuer shall enter into a Security Deed with the Trustee in relation to the assets attributable 
to the New Pool to secure the New Micro Securities and the New Individual Securities (and the 
New Index Securities to the extent that they comprise New Micro Securities), which shall be on 
the same terms (mutatis mutandis) as the Security Deed (the Existing Security Deed) in relation 
to the Existing Pool, and the Trustee shall release the property to be transferred from the 
Existing Security Deed; and 
(f) 
any valid Redemption Form received or deemed received prior to (and being in respect of Micro 
or Commodity Securities which have not by then been Redeemed and in respect of which the 
Redemption Amount has not been paid in accordance with Condition 10): 
(i) in a case where in respect of the Existing Micro Securities, Existing Individual Securities or 
Existing Index Securities (as the case may be) (together the Existing Securities) notice of 
a Compulsory Redemption Date has been given under Condition 9.2 prior to such division 
becoming effective, the date on which such notice of a Compulsory Redemption Date was 
given; 
(ii) in a case where in respect of the relevant Existing Securities notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date has been given (either following the giving of notice by the Issuer to 
nominate a compulsory pricing date under a Facility Agreement following a Counterparty 
Event of Default or the giving of notice by a Commodity Contract Counterparty to nominate 
a compulsory pricing date under its Facility Agreement as a result of a Guarantor Tax Event 
(as defined in any applicable Guarantee)) under Condition 9.1(a) prior to such division 
becoming effective, the date on which notice of the Compulsory Redemption Date was 
given; 
(iii) in any other case where in respect of the relevant Existing Securities, notice of a Compulsory 
Redemption Date has been given prior to such division becoming effective, the Compulsory 
Redemption Date; and 
(iv) in any other case, the date on which such division becomes effective, 
and in each case being valid notwithstanding Condition 8.9(g) and Condition 9.4, shall have 
effect as if given in respect either of the Existing Securities or of the New Micro Securities, New 
Individual Securities or New Index Securities (as the case may be) (together the New 
Securities) dependent upon the Commodity Contract Counterparty (the Relevant 
Counterparty) to whom a Cancellation Notice (as defined in the Facility Agreement) (the 
Relevant Cancellation Notice) had been delivered under a Facility Agreement for the 
purposes of the Redemption intended to be effected pursuant to such Redemption Form as 
determined in its absolute discretion by the Issuer. Accordingly: 
(i) for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (d), Commodity 
Contracts the subject of all Relevant Cancellation Notices shall be excluded, and the principal 
amounts and Pool Factors referred to therein shall be calculated as though all such 
Commodity Contracts had been terminated; 
(ii) for the purposes of the calculations to be made in accordance with paragraph (d), 
Commodity Contracts that have been created for the purposes of an Application that has 
not been completed by the issue of Micro or Commodity Securities shall be excluded, and 
the principal amounts and Pool Factors referred to therein shall be calculated as though all 
such Commodity Contacts had not been created; 
(iii) each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing Micro 
Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New Micro Securities as 
provided in paragraph (b) and instead each of the Existing Micro Securities to which such

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Redemption Form relates shall be divided into Existing Micro Securities or New Micro 
Securities as are attributable to the Pool to which Commodity Contracts with the Relevant 
Counterparty are attributable immediately following the transfer becoming effective, each 
such Existing Micro Security ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount 
and Pool Factor as the other Existing Micro Securities of that class as reduced in 
accordance with paragraph (d) and each such New Micro Security ranking pari passu with 
and having the same principal amount and Pool Factor as the other New Micro Securities 
of that class, and each such Security Holder shall hold upon such division becoming 
effective such number as nearly as practicable (rounded down to the nearest whole 
number) of Existing Micro Securities or New Micro Securities (as the case may be) as has 
the same aggregate principal amount as had the Existing Micro Securities in respect of 
which the Redemption Form related immediately prior to the division becoming effective; 
(iv) each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing 
Individual Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New 
Individual Securities as provided in paragraph (b) and instead each of the Existing 
Individual Securities to which such Redemption Form relates shall be divided into 
Existing Individual Securities (and as necessary Existing Micro Securities) or New 
Individual Securities (and as necessary New Micro Securities) as are attributable to 
the Pool to which 
Commodity 
Contracts 
with 
the 
Relevant 
Counterparty 
are 
attributable immediately following the transfer becoming effective, each such Existing 
Individual Security ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount and Pool 
Factor as the other Existing Individual Securities of that class as reduced in accordance 
with paragraph (d) and each such New Individual Security ranking pari passu with and 
having the same principal amount and Pool Factor as the other New Individual Securities 
of that class, and each such Security Holder shall hold upon such division becoming 
effective such number as nearly as practicable (rounded down to the nearest whole 
number) of Existing Individual Securities or New Individual Securities (as the case may be) 
as has the same aggregate principal amount as had the Existing Individual Securities in 
respect of which the Redemption Form related immediately prior to the division becoming 
effective; and 
(v) each Security Holder from whom such a Redemption Form in respect of Existing Index 
Securities was received or deemed received shall not be issued New Index Securities as 
provided in paragraph (c) and instead each of the Existing Index Securities to which such 
Redemption Form relates shall be divided into Existing Index Securities or New Index 
Securities as are attributable to the Pools to which Commodity Contracts with the Relevant 
Counterparty are attributable immediately following the transfer becoming effective, each 
such Existing Index Security ranking pari passu with and having the same principal amount 
as the other Existing Index Securities of that category as reduced in accordance with 
paragraph (d) and each such New Index Security ranking pari passu with and having the 
same principal amount as the other New Index Securities of that category, and each such 
Security Holder shall hold upon such division becoming effective such number as nearly as 
practicable (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of Existing Index Securities or 
New Index Securities (as the case may be) as has the same aggregate principal amount 
as had the Existing Index Securities in respect of which the Redemption Form related 
immediately prior to the division becoming effective. 
 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Micro or Commodity 
Securities of any type into Micro or Commodity Securities of the same type but with a proportionately 
larger or smaller Principal Amount and Multiplier. The Issuer may also consolidate or divide all of the 
Commodity Securities of any type into Commodity Securities of the same type without adjusting their 
Multiplier by instead changing the number of Micro Securities of which they are comprised and hence 
their Principal Amount. Such consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument 
supplemental to the Trust Instrument.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 Whenever as a result of consolidation of Micro or Commodity Securities a Security Holder would 
become entitled to a fraction of a Micro or Commodity Security the Issuer will Redeem such fraction of a 
Micro or Commodity Security. 
 ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE MICRO AND COMMODITY SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase Micro and 
Commodity Securities. 
 LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as any of the 
Micro and Commodity Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Micro and Commodity 
Securities or, if it is unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the maintenance of such listing 
is agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the quotation 
or listing of the Micro and Commodity Securities on such other stock exchange as it may (with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee) decide. 
 WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION 
The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if and in so 
far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive 
or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in 
these Trust Instruments or the Security Deeds, or determine that any Defaulted Obligation, Issuer Insolvency 
Event or Counterparty Event of Default shall not be treated as such PROVIDED THAT the Trustee shall not 
exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition, (a) with respect to a Defaulted Obligation, in 
contravention of any express direction given by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is 
owed or (b) with respect to an Issuer Insolvency Event or any Counterparty Event of Default or any other 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust 
Instrument, in contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature) of the Micro and Commodity Securities (as a whole) then 
outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class), but so that no such 
direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, 
authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Security Holders and, if, but only if, the Trustee, shall so 
require, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Security Holders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each type of 
Micro and Commodity Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and shall incur no 
liability for so doing. 
 PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods. 
 REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
 The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred by 
reason of such retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust 
Instrument. 
 The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice to its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee is appointed.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Conditions, the Micro and Commodity Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of 
Jersey. The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the Trustee from 
commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
 TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence, the Trustee (or any director, officer or employee 
of the Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such 
circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the Trustee) in execution of the trusts and 
powers under the Trust Instrument, shall be liable for any loss arising by reason of any mistake or omission 
by him or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, gross negligence or default of another 
director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
 AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer and the 
Trustee. Any amendment to these Conditions will be notified to Security Holders through an RIS 
announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee shall not take effect until at least 30 calendar 
days following such announcement. 
 AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
 Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, the Issuer covenants that it will not amend, vary, modify or 
supplement any of the Trustee Consent Documents without the prior written consent of the Trustee save 
where, in respect of a Facility Agreement, that amendment is at the election of the relevant 
Commodity Contract Counterparty to amend the terms of the Facility Agreement to substantially 
conform that Facility Agreement to another Facility Agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
another Commodity Contract Counterparty. 
 The Issuer may by supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed, as applicable, 
amend the Trust Instrument (including the Conditions), any Security Deeds or any of the Trustee 
Consent Documents (in respect of Conditions (a), (d), (da), (h) or (i) below without the consent of the 
Trustee) save where, in respect of and under the terms of a Facility Agreement, that amendment is 
automatic or at the election of the relevant Commodity Contract Counterparty, and the Trustee agrees 
in the Trust Instrument to join in a supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed as 
applicable accordingly, if one or more of the following applies: 
(a) 
the amendment is to substitute as debtor under a Facility Agreement or a Guarantee another 
person having an Acceptable Credit Rating; 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and is 
not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
(c) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
(d) 
the amendment is to effect changes to any Rebalancing mechanism provided that: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer in accordance with the terms of a Facility 
Agreement that it has determined that such adjustments would more accurately reflect 
the position of a hypothetical investor seeking to track one or more of the indices 
embedded within the Index Securities, in which event the Issuer shall be entitled to 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Trustee, or otherwise give notice to the Trustee of 
the Calculation Agent’s determination, but in each case only on the basis set out in 
Condition 16.4; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the Rebalancing 
there is no change to the value of the Index Securities being Rebalanced; and

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 30 calendar days have elapsed after 
they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(da)  the Issuer certifies in writing to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely without 
any obligation to investigate or verify the position) that the sole purpose and effect of the 
amendment and the adjustments referred to below is to substitute a different commodity index 
for the Individual Commodity Index for WTI Crude Oil A Micro Classic Securities and 
consequential changes which are necessary to give effect to such substitution and that the 
following conditions have been or will be satisfied: 
(i) 
corresponding adjustments have been agreed with each of the Commodity Contract 
Counterparties that have Commodity Contracts outstanding that refer to the relevant 
Individual Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the aggregate Price of the WTI Crude Oil A Micro 
Classic Securities; and 
(iii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 10 calendar days have elapsed after 
they are announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(e) 
the amendment is to substitute a different forward commodity index for the Bloomberg 
Commodity Index 3 Month ForwardSM and its sub-indices and consequential changes provided 
that: 
(i) 
the adjustments so agreed have the consequence that at the time of the substitution 
of the index there is no change to the value of the Index Securities which are the 
subject of the substitution; and 
(ii) 
the adjustments do not take effect until at least 30 days have elapsed after they are 
announced to Security Holders in an RIS announcement; 
(f) 
the amendment affects only Index Securities of one or more particular category or categories 
or the method, process or rights associated with Rebalancing, the Issuer or the Trustee 
determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the holders of different 
categories of Index Securities differently, and the terms of the amendment are authorised by 
separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each category of Index Security affected 
passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or in any case by a separate resolution in 
writing of holders of such category of Index Security affected holding not less than 75 per 
cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or if no Price was determined on that date, 
the most recently determined Price) of such category; 
(g) 
Condition (f) above does not apply to the amendment, the amendment affects only Index 
Securities or the method, process or rights associated with Rebalancing and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Index 
Securities (as a single class) passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a 
resolution in writing of the holders of the Index Securities holding not less than 75 per cent. 
by Price (as at the date of the last signature or if no Price was determined on that date, the 
most recently determined Price) of the Index Securities (as a whole); 
(h) 
Conditions (f) and (g) above do not apply to the amendment, the Issuer or the Trustee 
determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the holders of different types of 
Micro and Commodity Securities differently and the terms of the amendment are authorised 
by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each type of Micro or Commodity 
Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or in each case by a 
separate resolution in writing of holders of such type of Micro or Commodity Security affected 
holding not less than 75 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or if no Price 
was determined on that date, the most recently determined Price) of such type, provided that 
unless the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect 
the holders of Index Securities and/or Individual Securities differently from the holders of the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
relevant class(es) of Micro Securities, holders of Index Securities and/or Individual Securities 
shall for this purpose be treated as though they were holders of the Micro Securities by 
reference to which the amount payable on Redemption of their Index Securities and/or 
Individual Securities is calculated and not as though they were holders of the Index Securities 
and/or Individual Securities; 
(i) 
Conditions (f) to (h) inclusive above do not apply to the amendment and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single 
class) passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a resolution in writing of Security 
Holders holding not less than 75 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or if 
no Price was determined on that date, the most recently determined Price) of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities (as a whole); or 
(j) 
the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified or 
applied in any respect to the Micro and Commodity Securities) or any Listing Rules or to rectify 
any inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms of the Trust 
Instrument, the relevant Security Deed or the relevant Trustee Consent Document. 
 In the case of an amendment to a Facility Agreement, the amendment may not take effect for at least 
30 calendar days (or five Issuer Business Days if the amendment is to be made pursuant to an 
obligation in the Facility Agreement to negotiate in good faith following notice being given by either 
party thereto of the occurrence of a Material Adverse Change (as defined therein), following 
publication of a notice thereof through a RIS and the Issuer shall not agree to any such 
amendment unless it does not take effect until such period has elapsed. 
 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Conditions 
30.2(a) and (b) by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 30 calendar days prior to such amendment 
becoming effective. 
 A change to the Rebalancing mechanism under Condition 30.2(d) shall take effect no earlier than 30 
days following the determination and will be notified to Security Holders by publishing a notice on a 
RIS. 
 The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Conditions 
30.2(f) to 30.2(j) (inclusive) by publishing a notice on the RIS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Condition 30 or in any other Trustee Consent 
Document, the power to assent to any modification or amendment to the provision of any Trustee 
Consent Document which modifies the power to amend such Document shall require a unanimous 
resolution in writing of holders of the Micro and Commodity Securities of any type then outstanding. 
 Conditions 30.2 and 30.3 shall not apply to any amendment to the terms of the Facility Agreement 
which, under the terms thereof, is automatic or at the election of the relevant Commodity Contract 
Counterparty in the circumstances described in Condition 30.1. 
 No notice need be given of any amendment as referred to in Conditions 30.2(b), (c) or (g) or 30.8 
unless the Trustee otherwise requires. 
 NOTICES 
 Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the Issuer 
or the Registrar under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in writing in 
English. 
 All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or 
pursuant to any other Trustee Consent Document shall be made by publication through a RIS where 
required under the terms of such document, but otherwise may be given by publication on the Issuer’s 
Website. 
 All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or

--- Page 181 ---
181 
otherwise shall be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of Security 
Holders where, in relation to any Micro Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, the directors 
may from time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made by means of an 
electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such form and subject 
to such terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the directors (subject always 
to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner permit supplements, or 
amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be made by like means. 
 Any Pricing Notice shall be sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax number, as follows: 
Fax: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email to the 
following email address: 
Email: infoeu@wisdomtree.com. 
 Any Pricing Notice shall be deemed to have been received upon sending, subject to confirmation of 
uninterrupted and error-free transmission by a transmission report. 
 Any General Notice to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s primary fax number set out 
above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail 
in the case of an address outside the United Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
Address: Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road  
St. Helier, Jersey  
JE4 8PW  
Channel Islands 
Attention: WisdomTree Team Fax number: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website. 
 Any General Notice shall, in the absence of earlier receipt, be deemed to have been received as 
follows: 
(a) 
if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
(b) 
if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of an 
address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its delivery is attempted. 
 PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
 All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Micro and Commodity Securities shall be paid in US 
Dollars in full cleared and immediately available funds. 
 All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Micro and Commodity Securities 
(including, without limitation, any interest payable under Condition 11.2) shall be paid in full, free and 
clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political sub-division thereof or any 
authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by law to which 
the person making the payment is subject. 
 Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a Business Day, such 
payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Business Day.”

--- Page 182 ---
182 
15PART 8 
PARTICULARS OF SECURITY DEEDS 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into 51 Security Deeds, in each case creating a first-ranking 
floating charge over the Secured Property attributable to the relevant class for the benefit of the Trustee and 
the Security Holders of the Micro Securities and Individual Securities of that class and of the Index Securities 
to the extent they are comprised Micro Securities of that class. 
The particulars of the Security Deeds as set out below are taken from the Security Deeds and are, therefore, 
drafted in legal language. Certain terms used below are defined in the Security Deeds. Detail on how the 
provisions of the Security Deeds impact upon Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus 
including under the headings “Security Structure” in Part 1 (General) and “Security” in Part 4 (Description of 
Commodity Securities). 
The Security Deeds contain, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
 
Charge 
(a) 
Charge: The Issuer as continuing security for the payment or discharge of all sums owing by 
or obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee or the Security Holders from time to time under the 
applicable type of Micro or Commodity Securities, the Trust Instrument or the relevant 
Security Deed (the “Secured Liabilities”), grants a first ranking floating charge to the Trustee 
for the benefit of itself and the Security Holders of that type of Micro or Commodity Securities 
over all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the relevant Secured 
Property. 
(b) 
Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer as further security for the Secured Liabilities 
assigns absolutely to the Trustee all of its present and future rights, title and interest in the 
Facility Agreement, the Security Agreement and the Control Agreement in so far as it pertains 
to the relevant Pool. 
 
Enforcement 
(a) 
The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (a) a Defaulted 
Obligation has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred 
and is continuing, or (c) a Counterparty Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or (d) 
any event by which the security under the Security Agreement becomes enforceable has 
occurred and is continuing. 
(b) 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument 
with respect to the Secured Property the Trustee may at any time: 
(i) after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in 
writing by the Relevant Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the 
Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing, 
take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the 
Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the 
security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of the Relevant Securities to which 
such Defaulted Obligation relates; 
(ii) if a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is 
continuing, at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding 
not less than 25 per cent. by Price (as at the date of the last signature or, if no Price was 
determined on such date the most recently determined Price) of the affected Micro and 
Commodity Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Security Holders holding affected Micro and Commodity Securities (as a single class), 
the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby renderitself liable or which it may incur by so doing, take 
such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer 
to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security

--- Page 183 ---
183 
constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all outstanding affected Relevant Securities 
and for this purpose and paragraph (iii) “affected” Micro and Commodity Securities or 
“affected” Relevant Securities means, in the context of an Issuer Insolvency Event, all of 
them, and in the context of a Counterparty Event of Default or (in paragraph (iii)) a 
Counterparty Insolvency Event, those Micro and Commodity Securities (or Relevant 
Securities, if any) that are attributable to the Pool or Pools which include rights against 
that particular Commodity Contract Counterparty; and 
(iii) where a Counterparty Event of Default and/or an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the 
same time as a Defaulted Obligation, a holder of Relevant Securities to whom a Defaulted 
Obligation is owed will not be entitled to require the Trustee to take action as described in 
paragraph (i) until the expiry of 30 days from the occurrence of the Counterparty Event of 
Default and/or Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such period 
of 30 days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action as described in 
paragraph (ii). 
 
Permitted Variations 
The Issuer may amend, vary, modify or supplement (a “Permitted Variation”) (i) the schedules to any Facility 
Agreement other than schedules 1, 11 and 12, (ii) the definitions of “Eligible Collateral”, “Issuer Concentration 
Limit”, “Jurisdiction Limit”, “Valuation Percentage” and “Value” in any Security Agreement and the Collateral 
Schedule as defined therein and (iii) any Control Agreement, in each case without the consent of the Trustee. 
Immediately upon making a Permitted Variation pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuer shall notify the Trustee 
thereof and shall, if so required by the Trustee, notify the Security Holders thereof by publishing a notice on 
a RIS. 
 
Governing Law 
The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing 
proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
16PART 9 
COMMODITIES, COMMODITY AND FUTURES MARKETS, AND EXCHANGES 
Commodities Overview 
The websites referred to in this “Commodities Overview” section do not form part of the Prospectus. 
Aluminium 
Aluminium is the third most abundant element in the Earth’s crust, and weighs about one-third as much as 
steel or copper. It is malleable, ductile, easily machined and cast, and has excellent corrosion resistance 
and durability. Aluminium is used in transportation (automobiles, airplanes, trucks, railcars, marine vessels), 
packaging (cans, foil), construction (windows, doors, siding), consumer durables (appliances, cooking 
utensils), electrical transmission lines, and machinery. The primary raw material used for aluminium 
production is aluminium ore, most commonly known as bauxite. Bauxite, which occurs mainly in tropical areas, 
is refined into alumina and then electrolytically reduced into aluminium metal. Two to three metric tons of 
bauxite is required to produce one metric ton of alumina; two metric tons of alumina are required to produce 
one metric ton of aluminium metal. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the aluminium industry can be found at 
http://www.world-aluminium.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Aluminium Institute. 
Brent Crude 
Brent crude is one of the varieties of crude oil, as described under the heading “Crude Oil” below, and is 
sourced in the North Sea. Brent crude production has been in decline since 1999, and in order to avoid 
pricing distortions regarding quality and quantity of production for the benchmark, energy consultant Platts 
began to combine Brent Crude with other varieties of crude oil. The Brent crude oil benchmark is currently a 
blend of Brent Crude, Forties, Ecofisk, and Oseberg (BFOE) varieties of crude oil that are produced in the 
North Sea. 
Cocoa 
Cocoa grows on cocoa trees, which are generally found in rainforests and in countries near the Equator. Hot 
and humid conditions are essential for the development of cocoa trees. There are two kinds of cocoa beans: 
“fine” or “flavour” beans, and “bulk” or “ordinary” beans. The latter has dominated most of the world’s cocoa 
production over the past 5 decades. Historically, cocoa is regarded as a stimulant due to its high calorific 
content. More recently, it has been found that cocoa contains a high level of flavonoid which is beneficial to 
cardiovascular health. Asides from human consumption, cocoa has also been used in the manufacture of pet 
food since the mid-2000s. Subsequent to cocoa being exported outside South America in the 16th century, 
it has gained more importance globally as 50 million people depend on cocoa for their livelihood. 70 per 
cent. of cocoa is produced in West Africa and more than 70 per cent. of the global cocoa supply is provided 
by small farm owners. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cocoa industry can be found at 
http://www.icco.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Cocoa Organization. 
Coffee 
The coffee plant produces its first full crop of beans at about 5 years old and then is productive for about 15 
years. Coffee is generally classified into two types of beans — arabica and robusta. The most widely 
produced coffee is arabica, which is typically grown at high altitudes and makes up approximately 70 per cent. 
of world production. Brazil and Colombia are the largest producers of Arabica coffee. Robusta coffee, the 
stronger of the two types, is typically grown at lower altitudes in West and Central Africa, South-East Asia 
and partly Brazil. About 12-20 kg of export ready coffee is produced from every 100 kg of coffee beans 
harvested. Seasonal factors have a significant influence on coffee prices, which are often subject to upward 
spikes in June, July and August due to freeze scares in Brazil during the winter months in the Southern 
Hemisphere.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
A more detailed description including historical data of the coffee industry is updated from time to time by 
the United States Department of Agriculture (http://www.usda.gov) and the International Coffee 
Organization (http://www.ico.org). 
Copper 
Copper is one of the most widely used industrial metals because it is an excellent conductor of electricity, has 
strong corrosion-resistance properties, and is very ductile. It is also used to produce the alloys of brass (a 
copper-zinc alloy) and bronze (a copper-tin alloy), both of which are far harder and stronger than pure 
copper. Electrical uses of copper including power transmission and generation, and electronic equipment 
account for about 65 per cent. of total copper usage. Copper is biostatic, meaning that bacteria will not grow on 
its surface, and is therefore used in air-conditioning systems, food processing surfaces, and doorknobs to 
prevent the spread of disease. Building construction is the single largest market for copper, followed by 
industrial applications, power utility, diverse, consumer and general products and automotive. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the copper industry can be found at 
http://www.icsg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Copper Study Group. 
Corn 
Corn is a hardy plant that grows in many different areas of the world, and is a native grain of the American 
continents. Corn is used primarily as livestock feed; it is also used in alcohol additives for gasoline, 
adhesives, corn oil for cooking and margarine, sweeteners, and as a food for humans. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the corn industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Cotton 
Cotton accounts for over 40 per cent. of total world fibre production. It is used in a wide range of products from 
clothing to home furnishings to medical products. The weight of cotton is typically measured in terms of a 
“bale”, which is deemed to weigh 480 pounds. The value of cotton is determined according to the staple, 
grade, and character of each bale. Staple refers to short, medium, long, or extra-long fibre length, with 
medium staple accounting for about 70 per cent. of all U.S. cotton. Grade refers to the colour, brightness, and 
amount of foreign matter. Character refers to the fibre’s diameter, strength, body, maturity (ratio of mature to 
immature fibres), uniformity, and smoothness. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the cotton industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Crude Oil 
According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), over the past several decades oil has been the 
world’s foremost source of primary energy consumption. Many varieties of crude oil are produced around 
the world, each with their own price; the characteristics of each variety depend largely on the particular 
crude oil’s geological history. Because there are so many varieties, crude oils are priced and traded relative 
to well known benchmarks (called markers). Two of these benchmarks dominate world crude oil futures 
trading, namely Brent Crude, futures contracts for which are traded in London on the ICE Futures Market, 
and West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Light Sweet Crude, futures contracts for which are traded on NYMEX. 
Crude oil prices are influenced by a complex interaction of underlying supply and demand factors, political 
dynamics and increasingly developed spot, term and futures trading. Therefore these prices tend to be highly 
volatile. The behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is often the key to 
price developments in the world crude oil market. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the crude oil industry is updated from time to time on 
the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International Energy Outlook published by the Energy Information Administration (http://www.eia.gov).

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Gas Oil 
Gas Oil has the same chemical composition as the diesel fuel used in cars but is cheaper as it is rebated for 
use in construction, agriculture and heating among other commercial applications. A red dye is typically 
added to it to differentiate it with diesel and there are restrictions around its use an alternative to diesel in 
private vehicles. Heavy machines such as cranes, bulldozers and generators are the main users of gas oil. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gas oil industry is updated from time to time on 
the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International Energy Outlook published by the Energy Information Administration (http://www.eia.gov). 
Gasoline 
Gasoline is primarily used as a fuel for internal-combustion engines. Crude oil is the most economical source 
of gasoline, and refineries turn more than half of every barrel of crude oil into gasoline. The three basic steps 
to all refining operations are the separation process (separating crude oil into various chemical 
components), conversion process (breaking the chemicals down into molecules called hydrocarbons), and 
treatment process (transforming and combining hydrocarbon molecules and other additives). Octane is a 
measure of a gasoline’s ability to resist pinging or knocking noise from the engine. Additional refining steps 
are needed to increase the octane level, which increases the retail price. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gasoline industry is updated from time to time on 
the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International Energy Outlook published by the Energy Information Administration (http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
Gold 
Three factors set gold apart as an investment from most other commodities: it is indestructible; it is fungible; 
and the inventory of above-ground stocks is enormous relative to the supply flow. These attributes mean 
that a sudden surge in gold demand can be met quickly and easily through sales of existing holdings of gold. 
Additionally, gold’s liquidity and responsiveness to price changes differentiates it from other commodities. 
Gold trading on the global market consists of transactions in spot, forwards, and options and other derivatives 
on the over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The OTC market 
trades on a 24-hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most global gold trading. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the gold industry can be found at http://www.gold.org, 
which is updated from time to time by the World Gold Council. 
Heating Oil 
Heating oil is a heavy fuel oil that accounts for approximately 25 per cent. of the yield from a barrel of crude 
oil, the second largest cut after gasoline. Heating oil prices are highly correlated with crude oil prices, which 
make up 42 per cent. of the total cost of heating oil, although heating oil prices are also subject to swift 
supply and demand shifts due to weather changes or refinery shutdowns. However, the primary use for 
heating oil is residential space heating. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the heating oil industry is updated from time to time 
on the BP Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the 
International Energy Outlook published by the Energy Information Administration (http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
Kansas Wheat 
Kansas wheat refers to the hard red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Kansas City Board of 
Trade. Hard red winter wheat is primarily used for bread making and accounts for about 40 per cent. Of US 
wheat production. Winter Wheat is planted in the winter. Hard Red Winter Wheat is grown predominantly in 
Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and the Texas panhandle. The cold, sub zero winters and the general lack 
of precipitation make these regions of the country ideal for hard red winter wheat production.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx , which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Kansas wheat futures contracts can be found at 
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html, which is updated by the 
Kansas City Board of Trade. 
Lead 
Lead is soft, ductile, and highly resistant to corrosion. It has been used for more than 7,000 years and is easy 
to extract, usually being found in ore with zinc, silver, and copper. Lead’s high corrosion resistance makes it 
ideal for buildings; the high density makes it an effective barrier to radiation in hospitals and helps reduce 
noise in factories as well as in ships. 80 per cent. of lead’s end use is for lead-acid batteries to provide power 
in vehicles and emergency power. At least three-quarters of all lead used goes into products which are 
suitable for recycling and the recovery of lead from scrap requires much less energy than extracting from ore, 
which is why lead has the highest recycling rate of all the common non-ferrous metals. Over 50 per cent. of 
lead consumed is derived from recycled or re-used material. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lead industry is updated from time to time on the 
International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
Lean Hogs 
Hogs are generally bred twice a year in a continuous cycle designed to provide a steady flow of production. 
The time from birth to slaughter is typically six months. Hogs are ready for slaughter at about 254 pounds, 
producing an average of 89 pounds of lean meat. The lean meat consists of 21 per cent. ham, 20 per cent. 
loin, 14 per cent. belly, 3 per cent. spareribs, 7 per cent. butt roast and blade steaks, and 10 per cent. picnic, 
with the remaining 25 per cent. going into miscellaneous cuts and trimmings. Hogs are produced in three 
types of operations: feeder pig producers raise pigs from birth to about 10- 60 pounds, and feeder pig 
finishers grow them to slaughter weight; alternatively, farrow-to-finish operations raise hogs from birth to 
slaughter weight. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the lean hog industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Live Cattle 
The cattle and beef industry is divided into two production sectors: cow-calf operations and cattle feeding. Cow-
calf operations — The cattle and beef industry begins with the cow-calf operation, which breeds the new 
calves. Cow-calf operations are typically located on land not suited or needed for crop production. These 
operations are dependent upon range and pasture forage conditions, which are in turn dependent upon 
variations in the average level of rainfall and temperature for the area. Herds of cows are bred in the summer, 
thus producing the new crop of calves in spring. Calves are weaned from the mother after 6-8 months; they 
spend the next 6-10 months in a “stocker” operation where they grow to 600-800 pounds or near full-size, after 
which point they are sent to a feedlot and become “feeder cattle”. 
Cattle feedlots — Cattle feedlots produce high-quality beef by feeding grain and other concentrates for about 
five months. The animal is considered “finished” when it reaches full weight and is ready for slaughter, 
typically around 1,200 pounds, and then is sold for slaughter to a meat packing plant. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the live cattle industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Natural Gas 
Natural gas is a fossil fuel in gaseous form that is colourless, shapeless, and odourless in its pure form. It is 
a mixture of hydrocarbon gases formed primarily of methane; it is combustible, clean burning, and gives off 
a great deal of energy. Natural gas is produced from wells around the world and it is normally transported 
via pipeline. When pipeline transport is not feasible (e.g. over long distances), the natural gas is turned into

--- Page 188 ---
188 
a liquid (also called “Liquefied Natural Gas” or LNG) by super-cooling and transported as a liquid on tankers 
before being warmed up and turned into a gas upon arrival at the delivery port. 
Natural gas is used primarily for heating and generating electricity by industries such as pulp and paper, 
metals, chemicals, petroleum refining, stone, clay and glass, plastic, and food processing. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the natural gas is updated from time to time on the BP 
Statistical Review of World Energy published on BP website (http://www.bp.com) and the International Energy 
Outlook published by the Energy Information Administration (http://www.eia.doe.gov). 
Nickel 
Nickel is a hard, malleable, ductile metal that can take on a high polish. Nickel is also a fair conductor of heat 
and electricity. Approximately 65 per cent. of nickel is used to manufacture stainless steel and 20 per cent. in 
other steel and non-ferrous (including “super”) alloys, often for highly specialised industrial, aerospace and 
military applications. About 9 per cent. is used in plating, and 6 per cent. in other uses including coins and 
a variety of nickel chemicals (e.g. rechargeable batteries). Nickel plating techniques are employed in 
applications such as turbine blades, helicopter rotors, extrusion dies, and rolled steel strip. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the nickel industry can be found at 
http://www.insg.org, which is updated from time to time by the International Nickel Study Group. 
Platinum 
Platinum is soft, with a high resistance to corrosion and a high melting point, and is the most dense metal 
known. It is also a good oxidation catalyst, conductive and oxidation resistant. Traditionally, platinum is 
mainly used for jewellery, industrial usage, and autocatalysts. Recently, investment demand for platinum 
has increased due to the creation of physical platinum backed exchange traded funds. Platinum together 
with palladium are the major metals used in gasoline and diesel autocatalysts. Other industrial demands 
include chemical, electrical, petroleum, glass, and dental uses. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the platinum industry can be found at 
http://www.platinum.matthey.com, which is updated from time to time by Johnson Matthey. 
Silver 
Silver has been used for thousands of years in ornaments and utensils, for trade, and as the basis for many 
monetary systems. It is the most malleable and ductile of all metals with the exception of gold, and conducts 
heat and electricity better than any other metal. It is not very chemically active, although tarnishing occurs 
when sulphur and sulphides attack silver. Because silver is too soft in its pure form, a hardening agent, 
usually copper, is mixed into the silver. Most silver emerges as a by-product from mining; only 30 per cent. 
of output comes from mines where the main source of revenue is silver (primary silver mine). The term 
“sterling silver” means silver that contains at least 925 parts of silver per thousand (92.5 per cent.) and 75 
parts (7.5 per cent.) of other metals, usually copper. Silver is used for jewellery, photography, electrical 
appliances, glass, and as an antibacterial agent for the health industry. Silver has never really enjoyed the 
safe haven’ status that gold possesses. However, its link to gold and the base metals meant that silver was 
often attractive for speculators, since it was perceived to behave in a similar way to these other markets. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the silver industry can be found at 
http://www.silverinstitute.org, which is updated from time to time by The Silver Institute. 
Soybean Meal 
Soybean meal is a by-product of soybean processing. Soybean meal is the most valuable component 
obtained from processing the soybean, ranging from 50 per cent. to 75 per cent. of its value. Livestock feeds 
account for 98 per cent. of soybean meal consumption, with the remainder used in human foods such as 
bakery ingredients and meat substitutes. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops/, which is updated by the United States

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Department of Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade soybean meal futures 
contracts can be found at http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/soybean- 
meal_contract_specifications.html, which is updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
Soybean Oil 
Soybean oil is the natural oil extracted from whole soybeans; approximately 19 per cent. of a soybean’s 
weight can be extracted as crude soybean oil. It is mainly used in salad and cooking oil, bakery shortening, 
and margarine, as well as in a number of industrial applications, primarily because soy oil is cholesterol-free 
and high in polyunsaturated fat. Soybean oil is also used to produce inedible products such as paints, 
varnish, resins, and plastics. Worldwide, soybean oil is still the largest source of vegetable oil. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean oil industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture. 
Soybeans 
Soybeans are used to produce a wide variety of food products because of their high protein content without 
many of the negative factors of animal meat. Processed soybeans are the largest source of protein feed and 
vegetable oil in the world. Soybean meal is the most valuable component obtained from processing the 
soybean, ranging from 50 per cent. to 75 per cent. of its value. Livestock feeds account for 98 per cent. of 
soybean meal consumption, with the remainder used in human foods such as bakery ingredients and meat 
substitutes. Popular soy-based food products include whole soybeans, soy oil for cooking and baking, soy 
flour, protein concentrates, isolated soy protein, soy milk and baby formula, soy yogurt, soy cheese, soy nut 
butter, soy sprouts, tofu and tofu products, soy sauce, and meat alternatives. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the soybean industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture 
Sugar 
Sugar, also known as sucrose, is a member of the larger group of compounds called carbohydrates, and is 
characterised by a sweet taste. Sucrose occurs in the highest concentration in sugar cane and sugar beets, 
which are produced in over 100 countries around the world. About 75 per cent. of all sugar produced is 
processed from sugar cane, and the remainder from sugar beets. Raw sugar and refined sugar are two 
different products that are both traded internationally. Sugar beet producing countries export refined sugar, 
while sugar cane producing countries export either raw or refined sugar. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the sugar industry can be found at 
http://www.usda.gov, which is updated from time to time by the United States Department of Agriculture 
Tin 
Tin has been used in the production of bronze for at least 5,500 years. Tin is soft, pliable, resistant to 
corrosion and does not easily oxidise in the air. Therefore, it is widely used to coat other metals. The other 
important properties of tin are its low melting point, attractive appearance and the ability to readily form alloys 
with most other metals to create useful materials. Because of the softness of tin, it is seldom used in its pure 
form and is mainly combined with other metals. The end uses of tin are metal containers (19 per cent.), 
solders (16 per cent.), transportation (16 per cent.), construction (11 per cent.) and other applications (38 
per cent.). 
A more detailed description including historical data of the tin industry is updated from time to time on the United 
States 
Geological 
Survey 
(http://www.usgs.gov), 
the 
International 
Tin 
Association 
website 
(www.internationaltin.org). 
Wheat 
Wheat is a cereal grass that has been grown in temperate regions and cultivated for food since prehistoric 
times; it is currently widely produced across the world. Wheat is used mainly as a human food and supplies 
about 20 per cent. of the food calories for the world’s population. The primary use for wheat is flour, but it is

--- Page 190 ---
190 
also used in brewing and distilling, and to make oil, gluten, straw for livestock bedding, livestock feed, hay 
or silage, newsprint, and other products. 
Wheat here refers to the soft red winter variety whose futures are traded on the Chicago Board of Trade. Soft 
red winter wheat futures are the most actively traded wheat futures contract. Soft red winter wheat is used 
for cakes, cookies and crackers and accounts for 15 per cent. to 20 per cent. of US wheat production. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the wheat industry can be found at 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx , which is updated by the United States Department of 
Agriculture. A more detailed description of Chicago Board of Trade wheat futures contracts can be found at 
http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/wheat_contract_specifications.html, which 
is updated by the Chicago Board of Trade. 
Zinc 
Zinc is never found in its pure state, but is rather produced from ores (primary zinc), or from scrap and 
residues (secondary zinc). Approximately three quarters of all zinc is consumed as metal, mainly as a 
coating to protect iron and steel from corrosion (galvanised metal), as alloying metal to make bronze and 
brass, as zinc-based die casting alloy, and as rolled zinc. The remaining quarter is consumed as zinc 
compounds mainly in the negative electrode in dry cell (flashlight) batteries, in the zinc-mercuric- oxide 
battery cell typically used in watches, cameras, and other electronic devices, and as an antiseptic ointment 
in medicine. Zinc is also a necessary element for proper growth and development of humans, animals, and 
plants; it is the second most common trace metal, after iron, found naturally in the human body. 
A more detailed description including historical data of the zinc industry is updated from time to time on the 
International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
Futures Markets 
Futures contracts are typically traded on organised exchanges in a wide variety of physical commodities 
(including petroleum products, metals, and grains) and financial instruments (such as stocks, bonds, and 
currencies). They are traded in two ways: either in an open outcry environment or through an electronic 
trading platform. 
Futures contracts have standardised terms that are determined by the exchange, rather than by market 
participants. Standardised terms include: the amount of the commodity to be delivered (the contract size), 
delivery months, the last trading day, the delivery location or locations, and acceptable qualities or grades of 
the commodity. This standardisation enhances liquidity, by making it possible for large numbers of market 
participants to trade the same instrument. Most futures contracts (by volume) are liquidated prior to expiry to 
avoid physical delivery. The purpose of the physical delivery provision is to ensure convergence between the 
futures price and the cash market price (however some futures are only cash settled). 
Futures trades that are made on an exchange are cleared through a clearing organisation (clearing house), 
which acts as the buyer to all sellers and the seller to all buyers. When an investor buys or sells a futures 
contract, they are technically buying from, or selling to, the clearing organisation rather than the party with 
whom they executed the transaction on the trading floor or through an electronic trading platform. 
Futures traders are not required to put up the entire value of a contract. Rather, they are required to post a 
margin that is typically between 2 per cent. and 10 per cent. of the total value of the contract. Thereafter, the 
position is “marked to the market” daily. If the futures position loses value, the amount of money in the margin 
account will decline accordingly. If the amount of money in the margin account falls below the specified 
maintenance margin, the futures trader will be required to post additional margin to bring the account up the 
initial margin level. On the other hand, if the futures position is profitable, the profits will be added to the 
margin account. Because only a margin is required, this is known as an un-collateralised position. Indices 
which are calculated by reference to such uncollateralised positions are called “excess return indices”. If 100 
per cent. margin is deposited (earning interest), then this is known as a fully collateralised position and the 
return is known as a Total Return. 
Futures exchanges and clearing houses in the United States are subject to regulation by the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). Exchanges may adopt rules and take other actions that affect

--- Page 191 ---
191 
trading, including imposing speculative position limits, maximum price fluctuations and trading halts and 
suspensions, and requiring liquidation of contracts in certain circumstances. 
Futures markets outside the United States are generally subject to regulation by comparable regulatory 
authorities. The structure and nature of trading on non-U.S. exchanges, however, may differ from this 
description. 
Exchanges 
CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade) 
CBOT is a leading futures and futures-options exchange located in Chicago. In its early history, the CBOT 
traded only agricultural commodities such as corn, wheat, oats and soybeans. Futures contracts at the 
Exchange evolved over the years to include non-storable agricultural commodities and non-agricultural 
products, including U.S. Treasury bonds and notes, 30-Day Federal Funds, stock indexes, and swaps. In 
2007, CBOT merged with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (‘‘CME”), becoming the world’s largest financial 
exchange market. 
CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) 
CME is the largest futures exchange in the United States, and also owns and operates the largest futures 
clearing house in the world. CME products fall into five major areas: interest rates, equities, foreign 
exchange, agricultural commodities and alternative investments. Two forums are available for trading CME 
products: the long-standing open outcry trading floors and an electronic trading platform. The CME Clearing 
House guarantees, clears and settles every contract traded through the CME. In 2007, the CME merged with 
the Chicago Board of Trade (‘‘CBOT”), becoming the world’s largest financial exchange market. 
KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade) 
The Kansas City Board of Trade was founded in 1856 by a group of Kansas City merchants. It served a 
function similar to a Chamber of Commerce. Early trading at the exchange was primarily in cash grains. 
Today, hard red winter wheat futures are the mainstay of the Kansas City Board of Trade. Options on wheat 
futures were introduced in 1984, and record options volume was traded in 2002. In 2012, the CME group 
acquired KCBT. 
LME (London Metal Exchange) 
LME is the world’s largest futures exchange for base and other metals. LME allows for cash trading, and offers 
hedging, worldwide reference pricing and storage for physical delivery of trades. Eleven companies have 
exclusive rights to trade by open outcry, and approximately 100 companies trade inter-office through the 
London Clearing House, which also clears London Stock Exchange trading. Trades are in futures, options 
and TAPOs (traded average price contracts, a form of Asian option). Commodities traded on LME include 
aluminium, copper, zinc, lead, nickel, tin, and aluminium alloy. 
In 2012, LME was bought by The Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited (HKEX). 
ICE Futures U.S. 
ICE Futures U.S., formerly the New York Board of Trade (“NYBOT”), is a physical commodity futures 
exchange located in New York City. Its two principle divisions are the New York Coffee Sugar and Cocoa 
Exchange (‘‘CSCE”) and the New York Cotton Exchange (‘‘NYCE”). In January 2007, NYBOT was acquired 
by ICE and renamed ICE Futures U.S. 
NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.) 
NYMEX, or The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc., is the world’s largest physical commodity futures 
exchange located in New York City. The exchange handles billions of dollars worth of energy products, 
metals, and other commodities being traded by open auction and electronically. Trading is conducted 
through two divisions, the NYMEX Division, home to the energy, platinum, and palladium markets; and the 
COMEX Division, on which all other metals trade. In 2008, NYMEX merged with CME Group.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
17PART 10 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer Certificates. 
The definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate translation, of 
the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates is set 
out in Annexes 1 and 2 of this document. In the event of any inconsistency between the definitive 
German language text of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the English translation below, 
the former shall always prevail. 
Model Form of Global Bearer Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
 
Global Bearer Certificate 
for 
● registered [see Annex 1] [class of Individual/category of Index] Securities 
of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
divided into securities with a principal amount of ● [see Annex 1] each 
As 
underlying 
stock 
for 
this 
Global 
Bearer 
Certificate 
the 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as 
“Clearstream”), is holding ● registered [see Annex 1] [class of Individual/category of Index] 
Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, 
Jersey, Channel Islands (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) constituted by a Trust 
Instrument dated 21 September 2006 between the Company and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described 
therein and divided into securities with a principal amount of ● [see Annex 1] each, registered in 
the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, and held in a special Safe Custody 
Account with Citibank N.A., London, England. Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate 
is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the delivery and registration in the 
relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the name of a third party designated by him 
of such number of Notes as corresponds to his share in this Global Bearer Certificate.  
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate and 
forming an essential part thereof shall apply.  
Frankfurt am Main.  
CLEARSTREAM BANKING  
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Text of the Conditions of the Global Bearer Certificates 
(non-binding translation) 
Conditions of the Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one managing 
director and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter referred to as “Clearstream”).  
 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from Clearstream 
the delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, in his name or in the 
name of a third party designated by him of such number of registered ● [see Annex 1] [class of 
Individual/category of Index] Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Notes”) of WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument dated 21 September 2006 between the Company 
and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) 
and secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal amount of ● [see 
Annex 1] each, as corresponds to his co-ownership share in this Global Bearer Certificate. Such 
demand shall be made by the co-owner through his depositary bank to Clearstream, stating to 
whom the Notes shall be delivered, respectively, the address to which the certificate evidencing 
the registration shall be mailed by the Registrar.  
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant to § 315 
of German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties arising from 
such delivery resp. transfer and registration.  
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of individual 
bearer certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate.  
 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in proportion 
to his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes under the laws of 
England and Jersey, Channel Islands.  
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream to the 
co-owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall apply.  
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in EURO, in accordance with the foreign exchange 
control regulations prevailing at the time, unless the co-owner has in time before the due date 
demanded payment in USD (United States Dollars).  
 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On demand 
it shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated by him. The 
Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well as the 
conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before each meeting.  
 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, fees or 
duties in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co-owners shall bear 
such taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global Bearer Certificate.  
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership shares in 
the Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any time be subject in the 
Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the mere fact that it is holding the 
Notes.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Conditions of the Certificate 
(non-binding translation) 
 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the co-
owner’s right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such event these 
Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England, (hereinafter 
referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, 
England, (hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its function as Nominee. In such event, 
Clearstream shall not be responsible for more than careful selection. This does not affect 
Clearstream’s right to assume itself the functions of the Custodian or the Nominee. In the case 
where the Custodian or the Nominee are replaced, any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee 
in these Conditions shall be deemed to refer to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which would not 
require Clearstream’s assistance in the present form or should the admission of the Notes in the 
form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate to trading and official quotation on 
German stock exchanges be withdrawn, Clearstream shall request from the co-owners instructions 
as provided for in Clause 2. paragraph 1 above. Should such instructions not be given within 3 
months from the publication of the relevant request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its discretion 
to arrange for registration of the Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party designated in 
its request and to deposit the relevant Notes at the co-owner’s risk and expense with a depositary 
designated in its request. All obligations of Clearstream arising from the Global Bearer Certificate 
shall cease therewith. 
 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in at least one supraregional 
newspaper designated by the German stock exchanges to publish obligatory notices of each 
German stock exchange on which the Notes in form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer 
Certificate are traded and officially quoted. 
 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic or legal, 
which may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer Certificate in 
consequence of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at home or abroad 
or any other circumstances beyond Clearstream’s or the Custodian’s control. 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate with the due 
care of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official 
action at home or abroad or by any other circumstances beyond its control it is prevented from 
performing its obligations, it shall not be responsible. 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due performance of 
their functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall be pursued by Clearstream 
on the co-owners’ behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall only be responsible for careful selection of 
the Custodian and the Nominee. 
 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, the other 
conditions shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable condition shall be replaced in 
accordance with the intent and purpose of this contractual agreement. 
 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only insofar as 
it does not impair the rights of the co-owners.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Annex 1 
Annex 1 may be amended from time to time if additional types of Notes are issued by WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited under its multi-type Programme. 
Type 
Original ISIN (of the 
Notes) 
LSE 
Code 
Principal 
Amount 
(USD) (at 31 
December 
2020) 
 
WisdomTree Aluminium 
GB00B15KXN58 
ALUM 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
JE00B78CGV99 
BRNT 
$6.25000000 
 
WisdomTree Coffee 
GB00B15KXP72 
COFF 
$0.08000000 
 
WisdomTree Copper 
GB00B15KXQ89 
COPA 
$3.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Corn 
GB00B15KXS04 
CORN 
$0.25000000 
 
WisdomTree Cotton 
GB00B15KXT11 
COTN 
$0.50000000 
 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
GB00B15KXV33 
CRUD 
$1.15000000 
 
WisdomTree Gasoline 
GB00B15KXW40 
UGAS 
$5.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Gold 
GB00B15KXX56 
BULL 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 
GB00B15KXY63 
HEAT 
$3.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 
GB00B15KXZ70 
HOGS 
$0.11000000 
 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 
GB00B15KY096 
CATL 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
GB00B15KY104 
NGAS 
$0.00800000 
 
WisdomTree Nickel 
GB00B15KY211 
NICK 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Silver 
GB00B15KY328 
SLVR 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 
GB00B15KY435 
SOYO 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Soybeans 
GB00B15KY542 
SOYB 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Sugar 
GB00B15KY658 
SUGA 
$0.65000000 
 
WisdomTree Wheat 
GB00B15KY765 
WEAT 
$0.05000000

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
WisdomTree Zinc 
GB00B15KY872 
ZINC 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture 
GB00B15KYH63 
AIGA 
$0.6907876 
 
WisdomTree Broad 
Commodities 
GB00B15KY989 
AIGC 
$1.4968223 
 
WisdomTree Energy 
GB00B15KYB02 
AIGE 
$0.8558398 
 
WisdomTree Grains 
GB00B15KYL00 
AIGG 
$0.5522842 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
GB00B15KYG56 
AIGI 
$2.1152650 
 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
GB00B15KYF40 
AIGP 
$1.3142370 
 
WisdomTree Softs 
GB00B15KYJ87 
AIGS 
$0.3801229 
 
WisdomTree Broad 
Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
and Livestock  
JE00B6SV8B36 
XRFM 
$1.6455043 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
Longer Dated 
JE00B78CP782 
FBRT 
$7.75000000 
 
WisdomTree Broad 
Commodities Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMC49 
FAIG 
$3.5819934 
 
WisdomTree Energy Longer 
Dated 
JE00B24DMD55 
ENEF 
$4.6571485 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMJ18 
FIND 
$7.8932764 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer 
Dated 
JE00B24DMK23 
FAGR 
$2.5502730 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the Issuer 
and the Micro and Commodity Securities.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
18PART 11 
PARTICULARS OF THE COMMODITY CONTRACT COUNTERPARTIES 
A. PARTICULARS OF MLI AND BAC 
MLI is BAC’s largest operating subsidiary outside of the United States and was incorporated in 1988. MLI is a 
company incorporated in England and Wales (Registered Number: 2312079) and is authorised by the 
Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (Firm Reference Number: 147150). MLI is a wholly owned subsidiary of ML UK Capital 
Holdings Limited and the ultimate parent of MLI is BAC. The registered address of MLI is 2 King Edward Street, 
London, EC1A 1HQ, United Kingdom. 
MLI provides a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in the United Kingdom, the 
Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas. The primary business activities of MLI are to act as a 
broker and dealer in equities and fixed income, currency and commodities financial instruments; investment 
banking advisory and underwriting services; and equity and fixed income research. MLI also provides a number 
of post trade related services to third party clients, including settlement and clearing services to third party 
clients.The payment obligations of MLI under the MLI Facility Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement and the 
MLI Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by BAC. 
BAC is a bank holding company and a financial holding company incorporated in the State of Delaware, United 
States.  Through BAC’s banking and various non-banking subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in international 
markets, BAC serves individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large 
corporations and governments with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial 
and risk management products and services. 
BAC’s headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 
28255, United States. BAC’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. BAC has listed debt 
securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange, including the London Stock 
Exchange, and also on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Commodity Securities issued under this Programme do not represent an 
obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or guaranteed by, BAC or any of its subsidiaries 
(including, but without limitation, MLI). Security Holders will have no recourse to BAC or MLI in respect of the 
Commodity Securities 
B. PARTICULARS OF CGML AND CGMH 
CGML is a company registered in England and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and 
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. CGML was incorporated 
on 21 October 1983 as Stockrobe Limited and changed its name to Salomon Brothers International Limited on 
1 February 1984 and to Citigroup Global Markets Limited on 7th April 2003. The registered address of CGML is 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
CGML has a major international presence as a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income 
and commodities, as well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and 
government clients. It is headquartered in London and operates globally from the UK and its branches in 
Europe and the Middle East. 
The payment obligations of CGML under the CGML Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement and 
the CGML Control Agreement shall be guaranteed by CGMH. 
CGMH is a corporation incorporated in the State of New York. CGMH, operating through its subsidiaries, 
engages in full-service investment banking and securities brokerage business. CGMH was incorporated in New 
York on 23 February 1977 and is the successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, following a statutory merger effective on 1 July 1999, the purpose of which was to change the 
state of incorporation from Delaware to New York. On 7 April 2003 CGMH filed a Restated Certificate of

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Incorporation in the State of New York changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
CGMH’s parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi), is a global diversified financial services holding company whose 
businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial 
products and services. Citigroup has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more 
than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via 
two primary business segments: Citicorp, consisting of Citigroup Inc.’s Global Consumer Banking businesses 
(which consists of Regional Consumer Banking in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia and 
Latin America) and the Institutional Clients Group (Banking and Markets and Securities Services); and Citi 
Holdings, which consists of Brokerage and Asset Management, Local Consumer Lending, and a Special Asset 
Pool. There is also a third segment, Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMH are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. CGMH has 
securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, including as issuer of various series 
of notes issued under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Commodity Securities issued under this Programme do not represent 
an obligation of or claim against, nor will they be insured or guaranteed by, CGMH or any of its 
subsidiaries (including, but without limitation, CGML) (together, “Citi”). Security Holders will have no 
recourse to Citi in respect of the Commodity Securities. 
The information on the Commodity Contract Counterparties and Guarantors in this Prospectus is based upon 
information made available to the Issuer by the Commodity Contract Counterparties and Guarantors.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
19PART 12 
TAXATION 
 UK Taxation 
(a) General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of holding Micro or 
Commodity Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs practice, both of which 
are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. The following paragraphs relate to Security Holders 
who are within the charge to UK corporation tax, are UK resident individuals or which are UK open-ended 
investment companies or authorised unit trust schemes unless otherwise stated. The statements in this 
summary are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. Any person 
who is contemplating acquiring Micro or Commodity Securities (whether or not pursuant to the Programme), 
particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any jurisdiction other than the UK, is strongly recommended 
to consult their independent professional advisers immediately. 
(b) The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it should not 
become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the Issuer does not carry 
on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK corporation tax purposes or 
through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would bring the Issuer within the charge to UK income tax, 
the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation tax or income tax on income and capital gains arising to it. The 
Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, branch 
or agency will arise insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the conditions 
necessary to prevent any such permanent establishment, branch or agency coming into being will at all times 
be satisfied. 
(c) Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders are required to be made under deduction or withholding 
for or on account of UK tax. 
(d) Corporation Tax on income and gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes as realising 
profits, gains or losses in respect of Micro or Commodity Securities on a basis reflecting the treatment in its 
statutory accounts, calculated in accordance with the Security Holder’s authorised accounting method. These 
profits, gains or losses, (which will include any profits, gains or losses on a disposal or redemption of Micro or 
Commodity Securities and which may include fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains and 
losses) will be treated as income profits or losses for the purposes of a Security Holder’s corporation tax 
computation. 
(e) Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Subscriptions made before 1 December 2009 
Provided the Micro or Commodity Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax 
purposes, any transfer or redemption of a Micro or Commodity Security by a Security Holder who is a UK 
individual will be a disposal of that Micro or Commodity Security for UK capital gains tax purposes which may, 
subject to any available exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable gain or allowable loss for those purposes. 
The Issuer has received a non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that, in its view, the Micro 
and Commodity Securities are not deeply discounted securities. However, since this confirmation is addressed 
to the Issuer and is not binding on HM Revenue & Customs in its dealings with Security Holders, investors may 
wish to consult their own tax advisors in this respect.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
The tax treatment of subscriptions made prior to 1 December 2009 will not be affected by the amendment to 
the definition of “offshore fund” discussed below. 
Subscriptions made on or after 1 December 2009 
The Issuer was not regarded as an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes for periods before 1 December 2009. 
However, on 1 December 2009, a new definition of “offshore fund” took effect which resulted in the Issuer being 
treated as an “offshore fund”. Accordingly, subscriptions made on or after this date may be treated as 
investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes. 
If this is the case, and the Micro or Commodity Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” and 
no other exemption applies, any gain accruing to an investor upon the sale, redemption or other disposal of 
Micro or Commodity Securities acquired on or after 1 December 2009 will be taxed as income and not as a 
capital gain, unless the Issuer achieves certification as a “reporting fund”. The Issuer has obtained notification 
from HM Revenue & Customs that all the Micro and Commodity Securities have been accepted for entry into 
the “reporting fund” regime with effect from the accounting period which commenced 1 January 2009 or if later 
from their date of issue. Whilst it is expected that certification as a “reporting fund” will be maintained for all periods 
this cannot be guaranteed. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Issuer is required to report to investors 100 per cent. of the net 
income attributable to the relevant class of Micro or Commodity Securities. It is not expected that any such 
reportable income will arise in respect of any of the Micro or Commodity Securities. 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will be provided on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus- 
and-regulatory-
reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax 
Information’ tab. 
(f) Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Micro or Commodity Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, and do 
not qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any profit arising to a Security Holder who is a 
UK individual on transfer or redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities will be subject to UK income tax and 
not to UK capital gains tax. As noted in “Capital Gains Tax (Individuals)” above, the Issuer has received a non-
statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that the Micro and Commodity Securities are not deeply 
discounted securities. 
(g) Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Micro or Commodity Security may form part of the value of the estate of 
a Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject to certain exemptions and reliefs) 
become payable in respect of the value of a Micro or Commodity Security on a gift of that Micro or Commodity 
Security by, or on the death of, a Security Holder who is an individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to 
appropriate provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
(h) UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally subject to UK 
corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.) they are exempt from tax on capital 
gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) (the 
“Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or losses accruing to UK open-ended 
investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on creditor loan relationships and derivative 
contracts. In this respect capital profits, gains or losses are those which, in accordance with UK generally 
accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net 
capital gains/losses”) in accordance with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These provisions 
do not however apply to a qualified investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership 
condition. 
In addition, Part 2B of the Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses (determined in accordance 
with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to a UK open-ended investment 
company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of ownership condition, from an

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
“investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships and derivative contracts) as a non-trading 
transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of the Regulations will determine whether any profits, 
gains or losses arising to a Security Holder which is a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit 
trust scheme in respect of Micro or Commodity Securities will be exempt from tax. 
(i) Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (‘SDRT’) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT will be 
payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, Micro or Commodity Securities 
in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Micro or Commodity Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the Register is not kept by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in the UK; and (iii) any 
instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT will be 
payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of Micro or Commodity Securities. 
The redemption of Micro or Commodity Securities will not give rise to stamp duty or SDRT. 
(j) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address the issue of 
offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax authorities in participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting 
financial institutions, and automatically exchange with other CRS participating tax authorities in which the 
investors of the reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual basis, financial information with 
respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and 
reporting procedures. The first information exchanges began in September 2017. Jersey has implemented the 
CRS. As a result, the Issuer will be required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, 
as adopted by Jersey. Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to 
enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject 
an investor to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Commodity 
Securities. 
 Jersey Taxation 
(a) General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding Micro 
or Commodity Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, possibly with retrospective effect. A 
prospective investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular 
circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the Micro or Commodity Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon. 
(b) Income Tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (the “Jersey 
Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility company, a large 
corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the 
Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0%. 
Holders of the Micro or Commodity Securities (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax 
in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of its Micro or Commodity Securities. 
Redemption payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
of Jersey tax. 
(c) Stamp duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or capital 
transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, ownership, redemption, 
sale or other disposal of Micro or Commodity Securities. In the event of the death of an individual sole holder 
of Micro or Commodity Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Micro and Commodity 
Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of 
administration which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with Micro or Commodity Securities 
held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
(d) Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 
2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(a) register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) (subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax 
in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
(e) Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The US Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in the US known 
as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA a 30 per cent withholding tax may be 
imposed on payments of US source income and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of property that 
could give rise to US source income, unless the Issuer complies with requirements to report on an annual 
basis the identity of, and certain other information about, direct and indirect US holders of Micro or Commodity 
Securities issued by the Issuer to the US Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority 
for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Micro or Commodity Securities issued by the Issuer that fails 
to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent withholding tax with respect 
to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to US sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem 
any Micro or Commodity Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in 
respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation 
(Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. If the Issuer 
becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all Micro or Commodity 
Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer 
may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Micro or Commodity Securities held by one or more holders and/or 
may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Micro or Commodity Securities. 
(f) Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting Standard 
The US Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in the US known 
as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA a 30 per cent withholding tax may be 
imposed on payments of US source income and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of property that 
could give rise to US source income, unless the Issuer complies with requirements to report on an annual 
basis the identity of, and certain other information about, direct and indirect US holders of Micro or Commodity 
Securities issued by the Issuer to the US Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey authority 
for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Micro or Commodity Securities issued by the Issuer that fails 
to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent withholding tax with respect 
to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to US sources and the Issuer might be required to redeem

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
any Micro or Commodity Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in 
respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation 
(Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such obligations. If the Issuer 
becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all Micro or Commodity 
Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the Issuer 
may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Micro or Commodity Securities held by one or more holders and/or 
may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Micro or Commodity Securities. 
(g) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to the Issuer, 
its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both the level and basis of 
taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) 
project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. Additionally, the interpretation and application 
of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its assets and investors by any taxation authority or court 
may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. Both could significantly affect returns to investors. 
3. Taxation in Ireland 
(a) General 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership and 
disposition of Micro and Commodity Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. This summary deals only 
with Micro and Commodity Securities held beneficially as capital assets and does not address special classes 
of Security Holders such as dealers in securities or those holding Micro and Commodity Securities as part of 
a trade. This summary is not exhaustive and Security Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
with respect to the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the 
assumption that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in 
Ireland through a branch or agency or have any other connection with Ireland other than the listing of the Micro 
and Commodity Securities on Euronext Dublin. The summary is based on current Irish taxation legislation and 
practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
(b) Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment in respect 
of the Micro and Commodity Securities except where such payment has an Irish source. The payment is only 
likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the payment constitutes yearly interest and 
such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Micro and Commodity Securities were 
secured on Irish situated assets which it is understood will not be the case. The mere offering of the Micro and 
Commodity Securities to Irish investors or the listing of the Micro and Commodity Securities on Euronext Dublin 
will not cause such a payment to have an Irish source. In certain circumstances collection agents and other 
persons receiving interest on the Micro and Commodity Securities in Ireland on behalf of a Security Holder, 
will be obliged to operate a withholding tax. 
(c) Taxation of Income 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security Holder 
holding Micro and Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on the 
amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on redemption, received from the 
Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax at rates of up to 40 per cent. and would also 
potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the universal social charge. Corporate Security 
Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25 per cent. of the amount of interest received from the Issuer. Credit

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
against Irish tax on the interest received may be available in respect of any foreign withholding tax deducted 
by the Issuer. 
(d) Taxation of Capital Gains 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding Micro and 
Commodity Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable to Irish tax on capital gains 
on any gains arising on a disposal of Micro and Commodity Securities currently at a 33 per cent. rate. Reliefs 
and allowances may be available in computing the Security Holder’s liability. 
(e) Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Micro and Commodity Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers 
do not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company.  
(f) Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Micro and Commodity Securities will be within the charge to capital 
acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident 
or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective 
of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Micro and Commodity Securities are regarded as 
property situated in Ireland. The Micro and Commodity Securities could only be considered property situated 
in Ireland if the register of Micro and Commodity Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the extent 
that certificates are issued in bearer form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This tax is charged 
at a rate of 33 per cent. on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the relationship 
between the disponer and the donee/successor and previous gifts and inheritances.  
(g) Offshore Fund Taxation 
While a holding of Micro and Commodity Securities could potentially be treated as a material interest in an 
offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds, the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners guidance indicates that exchange traded commodities which are generally structured as debt 
instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds but instead will come within general tax 
principles (as to which we refer to paragraphs (c) and (d) above). As recommended above, Security Holders 
should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the tax implications of holding and disposing of Micro and 
Commodity Securities.  
(h) Provision of Information 
Generally 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Micro and Commodity Securities 
is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the relevant person may be required 
to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating to the 
Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the 
Security Holder is resident for taxation purposes. 
Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) 
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters (the 
“Standard”) was published, by the OECD and this includes the CRS. The goal of the Standard is to provide 
for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial account information reported to them by 
local financial institutions relating to account holders tax resident in other participating countries to assist in the 
efficient collection of tax. The OECD used FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the Standard 
is broadly similar to the FATCA requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly higher

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
number of reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion 
of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported. Regulations, giving effect to the OECD’s Standard 
and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 January 2016 were enacted on 31 December 2015. 
To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, 
Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer which may 
ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with their counterparts in Ireland.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
20PART 13 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Incorporation and Share Capital of Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer was incorporated as a private limited company in Jersey on 16 August 2005 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the “Law”) and changed status to a public company on 
15 September 2006 pursuant to a written resolution dated 15 September 2006. The Issuer operates 
under the Law and secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer is registered in Jersey under 
number 90959. The name of the Issuer was changed to “ETFS Commodity Securities Limited” on 15 
June 2006 and to “WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited” on 26 September 2019. 
(b) 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class designated 
as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued. 
(c) 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
(d) 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by HoldCo. 
 Material Contracts 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have been entered 
into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have been entered into at any time by the Issuer and (not being 
contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) contain provisions under which the Issuer has an 
obligation or entitlement which is or may be material to the Issuer as at the date of this document. The 
summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements impacts on 
Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and Part 4 
(Description of Commodity Securities). 
(a) 
the Trust Instrument dated 21 September 2006 and the supplemental trust instruments thereto, a 
summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 7 (Trust Instrument and Commodity 
Securities); 
(b) 
the following Security Deeds (each as amended), a summary of the principal terms of which are set 
out in Part 8 (Particulars of Security Deeds): 
• 
the Classic Aluminium Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Brent Crude Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Classic Cocoa Security Deed dated 15 September 2008; 
• 
the Classic Coffee Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Copper Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Corn Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Cotton Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Crude Oil Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Gas Oil Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Classic Gasoline Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Gold Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Heating Oil Security Deed dated 21 September 2006;

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
• 
the Classic Kansas Wheat Security Deed dated 14 December 2012; 
• 
the Classic Lead Security Deed dated 15 September 2008; 
• 
the Classic Lean Hogs Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Live Cattle Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Natural Gas Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Nickel Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Platinum Security Deed dated 15 September 2008; 
• 
the Classic Silver Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Soybean Meal Security Deed dated 14 December 2012; 
• 
the Classic Soybean Oil Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Soybeans Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Sugar Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Tin Security Deed dated 15 September 2008; 
• 
the Classic Wheat Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Classic Zinc Security Deed dated 21 September 2006; 
• 
the Longer Dated Aluminium Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Brent Crude Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Longer Dated Coffee Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Copper Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Corn Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Cotton Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Crude Oil Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Gas Oil Security Deed dated 22 December 2011; 
• 
the Longer Dated Gasoline Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Gold Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Heating Oil Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Kansas Wheat Security Deed dated 14 December 2012; 
• 
the Longer Dated Lean Hogs Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Live Cattle Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Natural Gas Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Nickel Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Silver Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Soybean Meal Security Deed dated 14 December 2012;

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
• 
the Longer Dated Soybean Oil Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Soybeans Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Sugar Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Wheat Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; 
• 
the Longer Dated Zinc Security Deed dated 17 September 2007; and 
• 
the Classic WTI Crude Oil A Security Deed dated 19 June 2020; 
(c) 
the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 (as amended) between the Issuer and MLI a summary of 
the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts) and a deed of novation dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, Merrill Lynch 
Commodities, Inc. (“MLCI”), MLI and the Trustee under which the obligations of MLCI in respect of 
Commodity Contracts entered into with MLCI prior to 27 October 2017 were assumed by MLI; 
(d) 
the BAC Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of 
Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(e) 
the Facility Agreement dated 29 June 2017 (as amended) between the Issuer and CGML, a summary 
of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity 
Contracts); 
(f) 
the Citigroup Guarantee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of 
Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(g) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pursuant to which 
MLI agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance in respect 
of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and MLI agree that the Capital 
Adjustment will be at a rate equal to the rate per annum which is the most recent weekly auction high 
rate for four-week US Treasury Bills less a Spread agreed between the Issuer and MLI (currently 
agreed to be 0.45 per cent. per annum in respect of the Classic Securities and 0.6 per cent. per 
annum in respect of the Longer Dated Securities) less the Management Fee rate notified to MLI buy 
the Issuer (currently being 0.49 per cent. per annum) and the Licence Allowance rate notified to MLI by 
the Issuer (currently being 0.05 per cent. per annum). 
(h) 
a Capital Adjustment Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pursuant to 
which CGML agrees to pay monthly to the Issuer the Management Fee and the Licence Allowance 
in respect of the Commodity Contracts to which it is party and the Issuer and CGML agree that the 
Capital Adjustment will be at a rate equal to the rate per annum which is the most recent weekly 
auction high rate for four-week U.S. Treasury Bills, less a Spread agreed between the Issuer and 
CGML (currently agreed to be 0.45 per cent. per annum in respect of the Classic Securities and 0.6 
per cent. per annum in respect of the Longer Dated Securities) less the Management Fee rate notified 
to CGML buy the Issuer (currently being 0.49 per cent. per annum) and the Licence Allowance rate 
notified to CGML by the Issuer (currently being 0.05 per cent. per annum). 
(i) 
the Calculation Agency Agreement dated 29 June 2017 between the Issuer, CGML and MLI; 
(j) 
the Security Agreement between the Issuer and MLI, a summary of the principal terms of which is set 
out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(k) 
the Security Agreement between the Issuer and CGML, a summary of the principal terms of which is 
set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(l) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement between the Issuer, MLI and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(m) 
the Collateral Account Control Agreement between the Issuer, CGML and The Bank of New York

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Mellon, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 5 (Description of Facility 
Agreements and Commodity Contracts); 
(n) 
the following Authorised Participant Agreements, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out 
in paragraph 3 below: 
(i) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and ABN AMRO Clearing 
Bank N.V. dated 21 September 2006; 
(ii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Banca IMI S.p.A. dated 
28 April 2008; 
(iii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Bluefin Europe LLP dated 
9 March 2011; 
(iv) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and CGML dated 29 August 
2017; 
(v) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Goldenberg Hehmeyer 
LLP date 17 April 2012; 
(vi) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Goldman Sachs 
International dated 3 March 2008; 
(vii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Merrill Lynch International 
dated 21 March 2007; 
(viii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc dated 4 October 2006; 
(ix) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna 
International Securities Limited dated 14 October 2009; 
(x) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Susquehanna Ireland 
Limited dated 14 October 2009; 
(xi) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and UBS AG, London Branch 
dated 20 December 2006; 
(xii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Virtu Financial Ireland 
Limited dated 13 December 2012; 
(xiii) 
an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Société Générale dated 
22 October 2013; 
(xiv) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ManJer and Jane Street Financial 
Limited dated 12 March 2015; and 
(xv) an Authorised Participant between the Issuer, ManJer and Optiver VOF dated 30 December 
2016; 
(o) 
the following Security Assignments between MLI and the Issuer securing to MLI the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN Amro Bank N.V.; 
(ii) Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Banca IMI S.p.A.; 
(iii) Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Bluefin Europe LLP; 
(iv) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Citigroup Global Markets Limited; 
(v) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP; 
(vi) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Goldman Sachs International; 
(vii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street; 
(viii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc; 
(ix) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Optiver VOF; 
(x) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Société Générale; 
(xi) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International Securities 
Limited; 
(xii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland Limited; 
(xiii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG; and 
(xiv) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and MLI pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited. 
(p) 
the following Security Assignments between CGML and the Issuer securing to CGML the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in relation to the Authorised Participant Agreement to which it pertains: 
(i) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and ABN Amro Bank N.V.; 
(ii) Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Banca IMI S.p.A.; 
(iii) Security Assignment dated 30 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Bluefin Europe LLP; 
(iv) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP;

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(v) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Goldman Sachs International; 
(vi) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Jane Street; 
(vii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Merrill Lynch International; 
(viii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc; 
(ix) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Optiver VOF; 
(x) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Société Générale; 
(xi) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna International Securities 
Limited; 
(xii) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Susquehanna Ireland Limited; 
(xiii) 
Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and UBS AG; and 
(xiv) Security Assignment dated 24 October 2017 between the Issuer and CGML pertaining to the 
Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer and Virtu Financial Ireland Limited; 
(q) 
the Services Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby ManJer is responsible for supplying or 
procuring the supply of all management and administration services for the Issuer and for paying all the 
management and administration costs of the Issuer (including the fees and expenses of the Registrar 
and any administrator and the fees and expenses of the Trustee in relation to its role under the Trust 
Instrument) and the Issuer agrees to pay to ManJer the Management Fee and a processing fee 
representing the Application Fees and Redemption Fees which the Issuer has received (including by 
way of set-off). ManJer has delegated to WisdomTree UK Limited (formerly ETF Securities (UK) 
Limited), an affiliate company registered in England and Wales with registered number 7443535 and 
whose registered office is at 4th Floor, 3 Lombard Street, London EC3V 9QQ, certain of its duties 
and functions under the Services Agreement including the provision of additional marketing and 
back-office support functions. 
(r) 
the Administration Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative, company secretarial 
and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Administration Agreement and for 
which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may, with the prior approval of the Issuer, delegate in whole or 
in part the discharge of any of its duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and discretion 
under the Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for any

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
loss suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement unless 
such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or 
nonperformance by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its obligations 
or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any loss, delay, 
misdelivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as a result of acting 
upon any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Issuer; and 
(s) 
the Registrar Agreement dated 14 December 2012 whereby the Registrar is responsible for 
supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, including the provision of a registration 
and transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement and for which 
the Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may, with the Issuer’s approval, delegate 
certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, 
loss, costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter relating to 
the Registers as a result of loss, delay, misdelivery or error in transmission of any cable, telex, telefax 
or telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall later be proved to 
be forged or otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred by the Issuer 
as a result of the fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar). 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense 
(including legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the discharge of 
its duties and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim, cost, 
expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or 
negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any such 
liability arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees payable 
by the Issuer to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of 
the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST Service 
(as defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result of any 
timetable changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK & Ireland 
Limited. The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of any acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers are required in 
order for it to comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar Agreement). 
 Authorised Participant Agreements 
The Authorised Participants as at the date of this document are the persons who have entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer as described in paragraph 2(n) above. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the agreements impacts 
on Security Holders are contained throughout this Prospectus, including in Part 1 (General) and Part 4 
(Description of Commodity Securities). 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreements referred to in paragraph 2(n) above, 
each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that: 
(a) 
in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date on 
which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”), it has not made and will not make an offer of Micro or Commodity Securities to 
the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant 
Implementation Date, make an offer of Micro or Commodity Securities to the public in that Relevant 
Member State:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(i) 
in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those Micro or 
Commodity Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State in accordance with the Prospectus Directive or, where appropriate, published in 
another member state and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State in 
accordance with Article 18 of the Prospectus Directive and ending on the date which is 12 
months after the date of such publication; 
(ii) 
at any time to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets 
or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; 
(iii) 
at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least 250 employees 
during the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000, and (3) an 
annual turnover of more than €50,000,000, each, as shown in its last annual or consolidated 
accounts; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer of a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Micro or Commodity Securities to the 
public” in relation to any Micro or Commodity Securities in any Relevant Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Micro or Commodity Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Micro or Commodity Securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member 
State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State and the 
expression Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing 
measure in each Relevant Member State; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Micro or Commodity 
Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or any 
Affiliate of the Issuer; 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the United Kingdom 
financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat customers fairly) with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Commodity Securities or Micro Securities in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom; 
(d) 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of it or any of its Affiliates): 
(i) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Commodity Securities or Micro 
Securities within the United States or to US Persons, whether before, on or after the relevant 
Application Date; 
(ii) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell Micro or Commodity Securities to a 
Prohibited US Person or a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, whether before, on or after the 
relevant Application Date; or 
(iii) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Commodity Securities 
or Micro Securities. 
Terms used in this paragraph 3(d) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act of 1933 of the United States; and 
(e) 
it will not permit Commodity Securities or Micro Securities to be offered to, sold to, or purchased by 
persons resident for income tax purposes in Jersey (other than financial institutions in the normal course 
of business). 
In relation to paragraph 3(a) above, Article 46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the 
Prospectus Directive should be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and specific provisions in 
the Prospectus Directive to equivalent provisions in the Prospectus Regulation. While the interpretation of

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Article 46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation has yet to be formally tested, the Issuer considers that the 
undertakings described in paragraph 3(a) above should be construed in accordance with Article 46(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer intends to seek the agreement of the existing Authorised Participants to 
update these references in due course, and to ensure that any new Authorised Participant Agreements reference 
the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Micro and Commodity Securities and on the distribution of this 
Prospectus are set out in paragraph 10 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
The Authorised Participant Agreements may be terminated by either party thereto at any time upon thirty days’ 
prior written notice to the other parties. 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with institutions to act as Authorised Participants and/or market- makers 
which may include commitments to make markets on varying terms, but which may include commitments to 
maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot sizes. 
 Licence Agreement 
ManJer has entered into an agreement with Bloomberg and UBS Securities dated as of 13 February 2018, 
pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter into a new licence agreement (the “Licence Agreement”) with 
respect to the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices. Pursuant to the terms of the Licence 
Agreement, ManJer has been granted the right to use the Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM and related indices, 
including the Individual Commodity Indices for the issuance and trading of, inter alia, the Micro and Commodity 
Securities and the right to use and refer to the trademarks of UBS Securities and Bloomberg associated with 
such Commodity Indices for certain purposes in connection with the issuance, distribution, marketing and 
promotion of, inter alia, the Micro and Commodity Securities. The Licence Agreement also permits ManJer to 
post on its website delayed intra-day and settlement pricing for such Commodity Indices. The Licence 
Agreement automatically renews on an annual basis unless terminated in accordance with the agreement. 
ManJer will, out of the Licence Allowance, pay such fees as are due under the Licence Agreement from time to 
time. 
The Issuer has the right to use the Commodity Indices and sub-indices thereof including the Individual 
Commodity Indices and the trademarks of UBS Securities and/or Bloomberg in connection with the issuance, 
marketing and promotion of the Micro and Commodity Securities, provided it agrees to be bound by all the 
provisions of the Licence Agreement as if it were the licencee thereunder including, without limitation, those 
provisions imposing any obligations on ManJer. 
 ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Commodity Securities and the Micro Securities 
classes of Classic Individual Securities and 23 classes of Longer Dated Individual Securities are specifically 
described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts of such Individual Securities are as follows: 
Class of Classic Individual Securities 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium 
GB00B15KXN58 
$1.00000000
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
JE00B78CGV99 
$6.25000000
WisdomTree Coffee 
GB00B15KXP72 
$0.08000000
WisdomTree Copper 
GB00B15KXQ89 
$3.00000000
WisdomTree Corn 
GB00B15KXS04 
$0.25000000
WisdomTree Cotton 
GB00B15KXT11 
$0.50000000
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
GB00B15KXV33 
$1.15000000

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
Class of Classic Individual Securities 
(continued) 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Gas Oil 
JE00B78BDZ24
$3.75000000
WisdomTree Gasoline 
GB00B15KXW40 
$5.00000000
WisdomTree Gold 
GB00B15KXX56 
$1.00000000
WisdomTree Heating Oil 
GB00B15KXY63 
$3.00000000
WisdomTree Kansas Wheat 
JE00B8KTKH91
$0.2000000 
WisdomTree Lead 
JE00B2QY0436 
$3.50000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 
GB00B15KXZ70 
$0.11000000
WisdomTree Live Cattle 
GB00B15KY096 
$2.00000000
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
GB00B15KY104 
$0.00800000
WisdomTree Nickel 
GB00B15KY211 
$2.00000000
WisdomTree Platinum 
JE00B2QYOF45
$6.50000000
WisdomTree Silver 
GB00B15KY328 
$2.00000000
WisdomTree Soybean Meal 
JE00B931G598
$6.25000000
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 
GB00B15KY435 
$1.00000000
WisdomTree Soybeans 
GB00B15KY542 
$2.00000000
WisdomTree Sugar 
GB00B15KY658 
$0.65000000
WisdomTree Tin 
JE00B2QY0H68
$3.50000000
WisdomTree Wheat 
GB00B15KY765 
$0.05000000
WisdomTree Zinc 
GB00B15KY872 
$1.00000000
Class of Longer Dated Individual Securities 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Aluminium Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLR27
$1.00000000
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B78CP782 
$7.75000000

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
WisdomTree Coffee Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLS34
$0.50000000
Class of Longer Dated Individual Securities 
(continued) 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Copper Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLT41
$5.00000000
WisdomTree Corn Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLV62
$0.50000000
WisdomTree Cotton Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLW79
$0.50000000
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLX86 
$8.00000000 
WisdomTree Gas Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B4L6KM69 
$4.45000000 
WisdomTree Gasoline Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLY93 
$8.00000000 
WisdomTree Gold Longer Dated 
JE00B24DLZ01 
$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Heating Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM021 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Kansas Wheat Longer Dated 
JE00B931G598 
$1.75000000 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM138 
$3.00000000 
WisdomTree Live Cattle Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM245 
$1.50000000 
WisdomTree Natural Gas Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM351 
$0.55000000 
WisdomTree Nickel Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM468 
$5.00000000 
WisdomTree Silver Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM575 
$1.50000000 
WisdomTree Soybean Meal Longer Dated 
JE00B8W43C80 
$3.50000000 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM682 
$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Soybeans Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM799 
$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Sugar Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM807 
$1.50000000 
WisdomTree Wheat Longer Dated 
JE00B24DM914 
$1.00000000 
WisdomTree Zinc Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMB32 
$1.50000000

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
In addition 18 categories of Classic Index Securities and ten categories of Longer Dated Index Securities are 
specifically described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts (as at 4 January 2021) of such 
Index Securities are as follows: 
Category of Classic Index Securities 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Agriculture 
GB00B15KYH63 
$ 0.6907876 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 
GB00B15KY989 
$ 1.4968223 
WisdomTree Energy 
GB00B15KYB02 
$ 0.8558398 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy
GB00B15KYD26
$ 1.3023407 
WisdomTree Grains 
GB00B15KYL00 
$ 0.5522842 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
GB00B15KYG56 
$ 2.1152650 
WisdomTree Livestock 
GB00B15KYK92
$ 0.7693831 
WisdomTree Petroleum 
GB00B15KYC19 
$ 2.3487046 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
GB00B15KYF40 
$ 1.3142370 
WisdomTree Softs 
GB00B15KYJ87 
$ 0.3801229 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
and Livestock  
JE00B6SV8B36 
$ 1.7546194 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Industrial 
Metals 
JE00B6TL6S53
$ 2.2617982 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Precious 
Metals 
JE00B6YTKX71
$ 2.6133212 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
JE00B73CZX99
$ 1.6455043 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Livestock 
JE00B73JV547
$ 2.8743387 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Softs 
JE00B6SVDR49
$ 1.9964890 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Grains 
JE00B6WG8H09
$ 2.6642233 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Petroleum 
JE00B644BV75
$ 2.4967624 
Category of Longer Dated Index Securities 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMC49 
$ 3.5819934 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMD55 
$ 4.6571485

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
WisdomTree Petroleum Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMF79
$ 2.4355585 
Category of Longer Dated Index Securities 
(continued) 
ISIN
Principal 
Amount 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Energy 
Longer 
Dated  
JE00B24DMG86
$2.43555850 
WisdomTree Precious Metals Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMH93 
$ 2.9506130 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMJ18 
$ 7.8932764 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMK23 
$ 2.5502730 
WisdomTree Softs Longer Dated 
JE00B24DML30
$ 1.3014303 
WisdomTree Livestock Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMM47
$ 1.1922055 
WisdomTree Grains Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMN53 
$ 1.6272188 
 
28 classes of Micro Classic Securities and 23 classes of Micro Longer Dated Securities are specifically 
described in this Prospectus. The ISINs and Principal Amounts of such Micro Securities are as follows: 
Class of Micro Classic Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
Aluminium 
GB00B16TD867 
$0.00000100 
Brent Crude 
JE00B75GVD18 
$0.00000625 
Cocoa 
JE00B2QXZD43 
$0.00000050 
Coffee 
GB00B16TD974 
$0.00000008 
Copper 
GB00B16TDB98 
$0.00000300 
Corn 
GB00B16TDC06 
$0.00000025 
Cotton 
GB00B16TDD13 
$0.00000050 
WTI Crude Oil 
GB00B16TDF37 
$0.00000115 
WTI Crude Oil A 
GB00BMG6PK01 
$0.00000080 
Gas Oil 
JE00B5MW7M94 
$0.00000375 
Gasoline 
GB00B16TDG44 
$0.00000500 
Gold 
GB00B16TDH50 
$0.00000100 
Heating Oil 
GB00B16TDJ74 
$0.00000300 
Kansas Wheat 
JE00B99BG862 
$0.00000020 
Lead 
JE00B2QXZY55 
$0.00000350 
Lean Hogs 
GB00B16TDK89 
$0.00000011 
Live Cattle 
GB00B16TDL96 
$0.00000200 
Natural Gas 
GB00B16TDM04 
$0.000000008 
Nickel 
GB00B16TDN11 
$0.00000200 
Platinum 
JE00B2QY0766 
$0.00000650 
Silver 
GB00B16TDP35 
$0.00000200 
Soybean Meal 
JE00B99BGC07 
$0.00000625

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Soybean Oil 
GB00B16TDQ42 
$0.00000100 
Class of Micro Classic Securities 
(continued) 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
Soybeans 
GB00B16TDR58 
$0.00000200 
Sugar 
GB00B16TDS65 
$0.00000065 
Tin 
JE00B2QYOD21 
$0.00000350 
Wheat 
GB00B16TDT72 
$0.00000005 
Zinc 
GB00B16TDV94 
$0.00000100 
Class of Micro Longer Dated Securities ISIN 
Principal Amount 
Longer Dated Aluminium 
JE00B24F1W31 
$0.00000100 
Longer Dated Brent Crude 
JE00B6SCJ466 
$0.00000775 
Longer Dated Coffee 
JE00B24F1X48 
$0.00000050 
Longer Dated Copper 
JE00B24F1Y54 
$0.00000500 
Longer Dated Corn 
JE00B24F1Z61 
$0.00000050 
Longer Dated Cotton 
JE00B24F2084 
$0.00000050 
Longer Dated WTI Crude Oil 
JE00B24F2191 
$0.00000800 
Longer Dated Gas Oil 
JE00B6TQQT14 
$0.00000445 
Longer Dated Gasoline 
JE00B24F2209 
$0.00000800 
Longer Dated Gold 
JE00B24F2316 
$0.00000100 
Longer Dated Heating Oil 
JE00B24F2423 
$0.00000500 
Longer Dated Kansas Wheat 
JE00B93KRR51 
$0.00000175 
Longer Dated Lean Hogs 
JE00B24F2530 
$0.00000300 
Longer Dated Live Cattle 
JE00B24F2647 
$0.00000150 
Longer Dated Natural Gas 
JE00B24F2753 
$0.00000055 
Longer Dated Nickel 
JE00B24F2860 
$0.00000500 
Longer Dated Silver 
JE00B24F2977 
$0.00000150 
Longer Dated Soybean Oil 
JE00B24F2B92 
$0.00000100 
Longer Dated Soybean Meal 
JE00B93PLP62 
$0.00000350 
Longer Dated Soybeans 
JE00B24F2C00 
$0.00000100 
Longer Dated Sugar 
JE00B24F2D17 
$0.00000150 
Longer Dated Wheat 
JE00B24F2F31 
$0.00000100 
Longer Dated Zinc 
JE00B24F2G48 
$0.00000150 
 
Micro and Commodity Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus in respect of any other commodity 
index calculated and published by Bloomberg or UBS AG (or any of its Affiliates) in accordance with the 
Handbook or, in the case of index securities, comprised of any classes of Micro Securities, provided that the 
Issuer can create matching Commodity Contracts under a Facility Agreement. To the extent that this 
Prospectus does not provide full details of such type or types of Micro and Commodity Securities, such 
additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof and details of the relevant 
commodity index or, in the case of index securities, the relevant classes and numbers of Micro Securities) will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of Commodity Securities) and Condition 20, the Issuer has the right under 
the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate or divide all of the Micro and Commodity Securities of any Pool 
into Micro and Commodity Securities of the same Pool but with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal 
Amount and Price. Consolidated or divided Micro and Commodity Securities may also be issued under this 
Prospectus and, to the extent that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such consolidated or divided

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
Micro and Commodity Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal 
Amount thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental 
hereto. 
 Sources 
The information given under the heading “Composition and Weightings” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity 
Index Family) is sourced from the Handbook. 
The information given in “Table 2(a) — Designated Contracts and Designated Month Contracts” and “Table 
2(b) — Lead Futures Contracts for Bloomberg Commodity IndexSM under the heading “Designated Contracts” in 
Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) is sourced from the Handbook. 
The “Index Value” figures given in “Tables 3(a) and 3(b) — Simulated Historical Investment Returns” under the 
heading “Simulated Historical Investment Returns” in Part 3 (The Bloomberg Commodity Index Family) are 
extracted from data made available by Bloomberg. The “Index Return” figures given in such table have been 
calculated by ManJer based on the “Index Value” figures. The “Individual Security Value” and “Individual Security 
Return” figures given in such table have been calculated by ManJer based on a Multiplier of 1.0000000 on 1 
January 1991, Management Fees of 0.49 per cent. per annum, Licence Allowance of 0.05 per cent. per annum 
and a Spread of 0.45 per cent. per annum in respect the Classic Securities and 0.6 per cent. per annum in 
respect of the Longer Dated Securities. The “Multiplier” figures given in such table have been calculated by 
ManJer based on data published by Bloomberg. 
Aluminium 
The statements under the heading “Aluminium” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the United States Geological Survey website (http://www.usgs.gov). 
Brent Crude 
The statements under the heading “Brent Crude” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from the website of Platts (https://www.spglobal.com/platts/en), a division of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies. 
Cocoa 
The statements under the heading “Cocoa” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Cocoa Organization https://www.icco.org/about-
cocoa/growing-cocoa.html. 
Coffee 
The statements under the heading “Coffee” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the International Coffee Organization website (http://www.ico.org). 
Copper 
The statements under the heading “Copper” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the International Copper Study Group website (http://www.icsg.org) and the Copper Development 
Association (http://www.copperalliance.org.uk). 
Corn 
The statements under the heading “Corn” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Cotton 
The statements under the heading “Cotton” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Crude Oil 
The statements under the heading “Crude Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) that over the past several decades oil has been the world’s foremost source of primary energy 
consumption, and that the behaviour of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is often 
the key to price developments in the world crude oil market are derived from the International Energy Outlook, 
published by the Energy Information Administration. 
Gas Oil 
The statements under the heading “Gas Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the Nationwide Fuels website (https://www.nationwidefuels.co.uk/gas- oil-guide/). 
Gasoline 
The statements under the heading “Gasoline” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005 published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Gold 
The statements under the heading “Gold” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the Thomson Reuters GFMS Limited Gold Survey 2018 and World Gold Council. 
Heating Oil 
The statements under the heading “Heating Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Kansas Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Kansas Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and 
Exchanges) 
are 
derived 
from 
the 
United 
States 
Department 
of 
Agriculture 
(http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/wheat.aspx) 
and 
the 
Kansas 
City 
Board 
of 
Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/kc-wheat.html). 
Lead 
The statements under the heading “Lead” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Lead and Zinc Study Group (http://www.ilzsg.org) 
and the International Lead Association (https://www.ila-lead.org). 
Lean Hogs 
The statements under the heading “Lean Hogs” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Live Cattle 
The statements under the heading “Live Cattle” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Natural Gas

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
The statements under the heading “Natural Gas” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
Nickel 
The statements under the heading “Nickel” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau and the Nickel Institute (http://www.nickelinstitute.org). 
Platinum 
The statements under the heading “Platinum” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from the website of the International Platinum Group Metals Association 
(http://www.ipa-news.com/pgm/platinum/index.htm), and Johnson Matthey (http://www.matthey.com). 
Silver 
The statements under the heading “Silver” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the Silver Institute website (http://www.silverinstitute.org). 
Soybean Meal 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Meal” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and 
Exchanges) 
are 
derived 
from 
United 
States 
Department 
of 
Agriculture 
https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/crops/soybeans-oil-crops/ 
and 
the 
Chicago 
Board 
of 
Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/agricultural/grain-and-oilseed/soybean- 
meal_contract_specifications.html) and The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
Soybean Oil 
The statements under the heading “Soybean Oil” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, 
and Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity 
Research Bureau. 
Soybeans 
The statements under the heading “Soybeans” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Sugar 
The statements under the heading “Sugar” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau. 
Tin 
The statements under the heading “Tin” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau and the International Tin Association (www.internationaltin.org) and the U.S. Geological Survey website 
(http://www.usgs.gov). 
Wheat 
The statements under the heading “Wheat” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the United States Department of Agriculture’s Economic Research Service. 
Zinc

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
The statements under the heading “Zinc” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and 
Exchanges) are derived from The CRB Commodity Yearbook 2005, published by the Commodity Research 
Bureau, and the International Lead and Zinc Study Group website (http://www.ilzsg.org). 
Futures Markets 
The statements under the heading “Futures Markets” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission website 
(http://www.cftc.gov), and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange website (https://www.cmegroup.com/). 
Exchanges 
The statements under the heading “CBOT (Chicago Board of Trade)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and 
Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Board of Trade website 
(http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange website 
(http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “KCBT (Kansas City Board of Trade)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity 
and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Kansas City Board of Trade 
(http://www.cmegroup.com). 
The statements under the heading “LME (London Metal Exchange)” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and 
Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the London Metal Exchange website (http://www.lme.com). 
The statements under the heading “ICE Futures U.S.” in Part 9 (Commodities, Commodity and Futures 
Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the Intercontinental Exchange website(http://www.theice.com). 
The statements under the heading “NYMEX (The New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc.)” in Part 9 
(Commodities, Commodity and Futures Markets, and Exchanges) are derived from the New York Mercantile 
Exchange website (http://www.cmegroup.com). 
To the extent that the information referred to in this paragraph 6 above has been sourced from a third party, 
such information has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the referenced third party source, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
None of the documents or websites referred to in this paragraph 6 above are incorporated into or form part of 
this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
 General 
(a) 
The Issuer’s auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle 
Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Issuer’s auditors were previously KPMG Channel 
Islands Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who audited the 
Issuer’s annual accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 to 3 December 
2019. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. The annual reports of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 
December 2019 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London 
Stock Exchange on 13 March 2019 and 15 May 2020 respectively are incorporated in this document 
by reference and are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 
2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
(under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the 
documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS Commodity Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2018’ and 
‘WisdomTree Commodity Securities Ltd –Annual Account 2019’) and at the registered office of the 
Issuer as set out in paragraph 8 of Part 13 (Additional Information). The annual audited accounts of 
the Issuer will generally be published within four months of year end, currently 31 December in each 
year. Half-yearly unaudited accounts will generally be published within four months of the mid-year

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
end, currently 30 June in each year. Each of the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited 
accounts will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus- and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under 
the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the 
documents listed above are entitled ‘ETFS Commodity Securities Ltd – Interim Accounts’). 
(b) 
The Issuer’s financial statements are presented in US Dollars. The value of any assets and liabilities 
denominated in currencies other than US Dollars is converted into US Dollars at rates quoted by 
independent sources. 
The valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer attributable to any Pool is determined under 
the supervision of the Board. 
The Commodity Contracts constitute an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the valuation of the 
Issuer’s assets, the Commodity Contracts are valued at the Price as at the date of valuation. 
(c) 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
the date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2019. 
(d) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during a period of 12 months preceding the 
date of this document, which may have or have had in the recent past significant effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability. 
(e) 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Micro and Commodity Securities issued and to be 
issued within 12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market. Admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors 
should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Micro and Commodity Securities there. 
(f) 
All Micro and Commodity Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to the 
UK Official List and admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Applications have been made to the FCA for all Micro Securities, Individual Securities and Index 
Securities issued within 12 months from the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official 
List and to the London Stock Exchange for all such Micro Securities, Individual Securities and Index 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market. 
(g) 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
(h) 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Listing Rules, the Transparency 
Rules and the Transparency Directive. Each pricing day the Issuer will publish Prices, Multipliers, 
Capital Adjustments and Collateral Yields in respect of the Micro and Commodity Securities on its 
website as described under the heading ‘‘Pricing and Trading of Commodity Securities’’ in Part 1 
(General). Save as aforesaid, the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in 
respect of the underlying assets.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
(i) 
The classes and number of Micro Securities comprised in each category of Classic Index Security as 
at the date of this document and which (save in the case of the Ex Classic Index Securities) have 
been in effect since 15 January 2020 are set out in the tables below: 
Table 1 – Number of Micro Classic Securities in each class of Classic Index Security on 15 
January 2020 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
Classes of Micro 
Securities 
  
Number of Micro Securities in each Index Security for January 15, 2020 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
All Commodities 
  
Energy 
  
  
  
Ex-
Agriculture 
& Livestock 
  
  
Natural Gas 
  
31,858,278 
  
47,520,416 
  
Petroleum 
  
59,102,722 
  
  
WTI Crude Oil 
  
72,548 
  
108,995 
  
538,409 
  
135,049 
  
  
Brent Crude 
  
18,403 
  
27,646 
  
136,478 
  
34,251 
  
  
Unleaded Gasoline 
  
6,742 
  
10,127 
  
49,986 
  
12,544 
  
  
Heating Oil 
  
14,050 
  
21,107 
  
104,236 
  
26,154 
  
  
Low Sulphur Gas Oil 
  
11,289 
  
16,957 
 
83,709 
 
21,014 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Industrial Metals 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Aluminium 
  
131,351 
  
1,022,774 
  
  
  
244,080 
  
  
Copper (COMEX) 
  
22,748 
  
176,309 
  
  
  
42,341 
  
  
Zinc 
  
38,071 
  
296,608 
  
  
  
70,695 
  
  
Nickel 
  
17,220 
  
133,478 
  
  
  
32,054 
  
  
  
  
  
  
PM 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Gold 
  
63,699 
  
835,155 
  
  
  
118,524 
  
  
Silver 
  
18,266 
  
239,541 
  
  
  
34,004 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Livestock 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Live Cattle 
  
48,921 
  
279,391 
  
  
  
- 
  
  
Lean Hogs 
  
333,017 
  
1,914,555 
  
  
  
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture 
  
Grains 
  
  
  
  
Wheat 
  
393,210 
  
646,874 
  
862,538 
  
- 
  
  
Kansas Wheat 
  
56,103 
  
93,394 
  
124,974 
  
- 
  
  
Corn 
  
658,575 
  
1,088,548 
  
1,452,466 
  
- 
  
  
Soybeans 
  
27,546 
  
45,389 
  
60,523 
  
- 
  
  
Soybean Meal 
  
4,613 
  
7,625 
  
  
  
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Softs 
  
  
  
  
Sugar 
  
36,018 
  
59,384 
  
186,826 
  
- 
  
  
Cotton 
  
57,769 
  
95,661 
  
301,726 
  
- 
  
  
Coffee 
  
260,328 
  
428,659 
  
1,347,787 
  
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Soybean Oil 
  
65,932 
  
108,471 
  
  
  
-

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
(j) 
The classes and number of Micro Longer Dated Securities comprised in each category of Longer 
Dated Index Security as at the date of this document and which have been in effect since 15 January 
2020 are set out in the tables below: 
Table 2 – Number of Micro Longer Dated Securities in each class of Longer Dated Index 
Security on 15 January 2020  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
Classes of Micro 
Securities 
  
Number of Micro Securities in each Index Security for 
January 15, 2020 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
All Commodities 
  
Energy 
  
  
  
  
Natural Gas 
  
1,036,883 
  
3,546,286 
  
  
  
  
WTI Crude Oil 
  
40,924 
  
140,744 
  
  
  
  
Brent Crude 
  
32,838 
  
112,943 
  
  
  
  
Unleaded Gasoline 
  
5,858 
  
20,138 
  
  
  
  
Heating Oil 
  
13,529 
  
46,528 
  
  
  
  
Low Sulphur Gas Oil 
  
20,365 
  
70,042 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Industrial Metals 
  
  
  
  
Aluminium 
  
192,288 
  
966,489 
  
  
  
  
Copper (COMEX) 
  
34,334 
  
171,786 
  
  
  
  
Zinc 
  
62,531 
  
314,596 
  
  
  
  
Nickel 
  
26,115 
  
130,660 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Precious Metals 
  
  
  
  
Gold 
  
148,349 
  
852340 
  
  
  
  
Silver 
  
39,429 
  
226577 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Livestock 
  
  
  
  
Live Cattle 
  
58,375 
  
685776 
  
  
  
  
Lean Hogs 
  
42,981 
  
507203 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Agriculture 
  
  
  
  
Wheat 
  
283,623 
  
380,244 
  
  
  
  
Kansas Wheat 
  
75,722 
  
102,413 
  
  
  
  
Corn 
  
548,970 
  
737,616 
  
  
  
  
Soybeans 
  
62,994 
  
84,372 
  
  
  
  
Soybean Meal 
  
16,677 
  
22,395 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Sugar 
  
44,233 
  
59,288 
  
  
  
  
Cotton 
  
48,773 
  
65,619 
  
  
  
  
Coffee 
  
445,531 
  
596,432 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Soybean Oil 
  
86,874 
  
116,232

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
(k) 
The securitised assets backing the issue, being the Commodity Contracts, the MLI Facility 
Agreement, the MLI Security Agreement, the MLI Control Agreement, the BAC Guarantee, the CGML 
Facility Agreement, the CGML Security Agreement, the CGML Control Agreement and the CGMH 
Guarantee, have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
 Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Micro and Commodity Securities remain outstanding, 
copies of the following documents will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer in printed form: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Services Agreement; 
(c) 
the form of Authorised Participant Agreements; 
(d) 
the form of Security Assignments; 
(e) 
the Trust Instrument and the Short and Leveraged Trust Instrument and supplemental trust instruments 
thereto; 
(f) 
the Security Deeds and deeds of amendment thereto; 
 
(g) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer; 
(h) 
the WTI Crude Oil A Supplemental Trust Instrument; and 
(i) 
the Classic WTI Crude Oil A Security Deed dated 19 June 2020. 
Copies of this Prospectus and the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree 
Management Jersey Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW. 
The documents listed at 8(a) and (h) are available at the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 
under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
The documents listed at 8(b) – (f) and (i) to (j) above are available at the Issuer's Website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-
4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Documents for Inspection’ tab. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and other 
than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages referred to in 
this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules. 
 
 Jersey Law Consents 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law, 1988, as amended, 
(the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial 
Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions 
thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions 
in relation to the Commodity Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the 
Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the 
Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
 Selling Restrictions 
The Micro and Commodity Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following 
restrictions on offer and sales apply. 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will not be 
required to register the offer and sale of Micro and Commodity Securities under the Securities Act, so that the 
Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 
and related rules and to address certain ERISA (defined below), U.S. Internal Revenue Code and other 
considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Issuer determines in its sole discretion to 
remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Micro and Commodity Securities to trade them. 
Micro and Commodity Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable law of the United States. Micro and Commodity Securities are being offered and sold only outside 
the United States to non-US persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S 
of the Securities Act. 
The Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act and related rules. Micro and Commodity Securities and any beneficial interest therein 
may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United States or to US persons. If the 
Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person (being a US Person who is not a 
“qualified purchaser” as defined in the Investment Company Act), the Issuer may redeem the Micro and 
Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions under 
the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 9). 
The Micro and Commodity Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee benefit plan” 
within the meaning of section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended (“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose 
underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, 
any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law that is similar to the 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Commodity 
Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan or entity (a “Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor”). If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the 
Issuer may redeem the Micro and Commodity Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the 
provisions of the Conditions under the heading “Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee” (Condition 
9). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Micro and Commodity Securities and on the distribution of this 
Prospectus are set out in paragraph 3 of Part 13 (Additional Information). 
 Consent to use of Prospectus by Financial Intermediaries in certain Member States and the United 
Kingdom  
Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of this 
Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Micro or 
Commodity Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and by any financial intermediary which is an 
investment firm within the meaning of EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, 
as amended) (“MiFID II”) and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. The Issuer 
has also consented to the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, and has accepted responsibility for 
the content of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of 
the Micro and Commodity securities in the United Kingdom by any financial intermediary which is an investment 
firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Each such consent applies

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer’s website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. Any 
financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state on its website 
that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final placement 
by way of public offer of the Micro and Commodity Securities, such financial intermediary may not reuse this 
Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions identified in the Final Terms, 
provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. The financial 
intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell Micro and Commodity Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Micro or Commodity Securities may 
be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally eligible to participate in 
a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and regulations. 
 Data Protection 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy notice 
sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred or otherwise 
processed is available on the website of the Issuer. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other information 
an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Micro and Commodity Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf of a 
prospective individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the Issuer 
in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer’s service providers for the following 
purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to anti- money 
laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in respect 
of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service provider 
to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to compliance with the US 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting standard or any legislation, 
regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to implement a similar tax reporting or 
withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Micro and Commodity 
Securities and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer’s service providers to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide services 
for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer, redemption and 
registration of Micro and Commodity Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do not

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data is 
disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and / or its 
service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such data as 
described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred to above. 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to Article 27 of 
the General Data Protection Regulation and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in the UK pursuant 
to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
21ANNEX 1 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
für 
● [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities]/Kategorie der Index-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
der 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
eingeteilt in Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je ● [siehe Anhang 1] 
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz in 
Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland (im folgenden “Clearstream” genannt), als Deckung ● 
[siehe 
Anhang 
1] 
[Klasse 
der 
Individual-Securities/Kategorie 
der 
Index-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen (im folgenden “Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (im folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt). Die 
durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 21. September 2006 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law 
Debenture 
Trust 
Corporation 
p.l.c. 
(im 
folgenden 
“Treuhandvertrag”) 
begründeten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind, 
wie 
im Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert, und in 
Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einen Nennbetrag von je ● [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind auf Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, eingetragen und in 
einem bei der Citibank N.A., London, England, unterhaltenen Sonderdepot, verwahrt. Jeder 
Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von Clearstream die Auslieferung und 
Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil entsprechenden Stückzahl von [Klasse der Individual-
Securities/Kategorie der Index-Securities] Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf seinen Namen 
oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche Schuldverschreibungsregister, 
zu verlangen. 
 
Im übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten Zertifikatsbedingungen, die 
Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind. 
 
Frankfurt am Main, den... 
 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING 
AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
22ANNEX 2 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
 
Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes und eines Prokuristen der Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im folgenden “Clearstream” genannt). 
 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil entsprechenden 
Stückzahl von ● [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities/Kategorie der Index-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
(im 
folgenden 
“Schuldverschreibungen” 
genannt) 
der 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, England, (im folgenden 
“Gesellschaft” genannt) auf seinen Namen oder den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in 
das maßgebliche Schuldverschreibungsregister zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 
21. September 2006 zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c. (im folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im 
Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem 
Nennbetrag von je ● [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat der 
Miteigentümer der Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu erteilen, wobei die Lieferadresse bzw. 
die Adresse, an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der Eintragung in das Schuldverschreibungsregister 
durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, angegeben sein muss. 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches bestimmten 
Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige mit der Auslieferung 
bzw. übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, Steuern, Gebühren oder 
Abgaben zu tragen. 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden. 
 
Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe seines 
Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen, 
soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des Rechts von Jersey, Channel Islands, 
zustehen. 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die Clearstream an den 
Miteigentümer weiter. 
Im übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen und 
Bedingungen. 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen nach Maßgabe der jeweils geltenden 
Devisenvorschriften in EURO, es sei denn, dass der Miteigentümer rechtzeitig vor Fälligkeit 
Zahlung in USD (United States Dollars) verlangt hat. 
 
Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anlässlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem benannten 
Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen lassen. 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen sowie die 
Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur Ausübung des 
Stimmrechts im Vorfeld einer solchen Gläubigerversammlung bekanntzugeben.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben 
unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nach Maßgabe 
ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu tragen. 
 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, allein auf Grund der 
Tatsache unterworfen wird, dass sie die Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle Miteigentümer nach 
Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat umzulegen. 
 
Treten 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grunde 
an 
die 
Stelle 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß. 
 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank N.A., London, England, (im folgenden “Verwahrer” 
genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Ltd., London, England, (im 
folgenden “Nominee” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch eine andere Person zu ersetzen. 
Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf die sorgfältige Auswahl. Unberührt bleibt 
die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des Verwahrers oder des Nominees selbst 
wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle Bezugnahmen 
auf den Verwahrer bzw. den Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen auf den neuen 
Verwahrer bzw. Nominee. 
 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form nicht 
mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die Zulassung der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber- Sammelzertifikat zum 
Handel und zur amtlichen Notierung an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen zurückgenommen, so wird die 
Clearstream die Miteigentümer auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. Wird 
dieser Auftrag nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 3 Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der Aufforderung erteilt, 
so ist die Clearstream nach ihrem Ermessen berechtigt, die Eintragung der Schuldverschreibungen 
auf den Namen des Miteigentümers oder eines in der Aufforderung benannten Dritten zu 
veranlassen und die Schuldverschreibungen bei einer in der Aufforderung angegebenen Stelle für 
den Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit erlöschen sämtliche 
Pflichten der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat. 
 
Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden in mindestens je einem 
überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt der deutschen Wertpapierbörsen veröffentlicht werden, an denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber- Sammelzertifikat 
gehandelt und amtlich notiert werden. 
Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und Schäden, die den 
für das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat als Deckung gehaltenen Bestand an Schuldverschreibungen infolge 
höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder 
Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, die die Clearstream oder der Verwahrer nicht zu 
vertreten haben. 
Die Clearstream wird alle Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der Sorgfalt eines 
ordentlichen Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, Regierungserlasse, Krieg, Aufruhr, 
Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder andere Umstände, die sie nicht zu vertreten 
hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen gehindert, so trifft sie keine Verantwortung. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten 
der Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die 
sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees. 
Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur ordnungsgemäßen 
Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. 
Etwaige Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten 
der Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die 
sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees. 
 
Sollte irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise rechtsunwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon unberührt. 
Für unwirksame oder undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieses 
Vertragsverhältnisses entsprechende Regelung gelten. 
 
Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen dem 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt am 
Main. 
 
Eine änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte 
der Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche 
Vorschriften bedingt ist.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Anhang 1 
Sofern WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited weitere Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen ihres 
Programms begibt, kann Anhang 1 jederzeit geändert werden. 
 
Type 
Ursprüngliche ISIN 
(der)  
LSE Code 
Nennbetrag 
(USD) 
9 Juli, 2014 
 
WisdomTree Aluminium 
GB00B15KXN58 
ALUM 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil 
JE00B78CGV99 
BRNT 
$6.25000000 
 
WisdomTree Coffee 
GB00B15KXP72 
COFF 
$0.50000000 
 
WisdomTree Copper 
GB00B15KXQ89 
COPA 
$3.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Corn 
GB00B15KXS04 
CORN 
$0.25000000 
 
WisdomTree Cotton 
GB00B15KXT11 
COTN 
$0.50000000 
 
WisdomTree WTI Crude Oil 
GB00B15KXV33 
CRUD 
$1.15000000 
 
WisdomTree Gasoline 
GB00B15KXW40 
UGAS 
$5.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Gold 
GB00B15KXX56 
BULL 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Heating Oil 
GB00B15KXY63 
HEAT 
$3.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Lean Hogs 
GB00B15KXZ70 
HOGS 
$0.11000000 
 
WisdomTree Live Cattle 
GB00B15KY096 
CATL 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Natural Gas 
GB00B15KY104 
NGAS 
$0.00800000 
 
WisdomTree Nickel 
GB00B15KY211 
NICK 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Silver 
GB00B15KY328 
SLVR 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Soybean Oil 
GB00B15KY435 
SOYO 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Soybeans 
GB00B15KY542 
SOYB 
$2.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Sugar 
GB00B15KY658 
SUGA 
$3.00000000 
 
 
WisdomTree Wheat 
GB00B15KY765 
WEAT 
$0.25000000

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names 
of the Issuer and the Micro and Commodity Securities. 
 
 
WisdomTree Zinc 
GB00B15KY872 
ZINC 
$1.00000000 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture 
GB00B15KYH63 
AIGA 
$1.0079925 
 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities 
GB00B15KY989 
AIGC 
$1.6054922 
 
WisdomTree Energy 
GB00B15KYB02 
AIGE 
$0.7830462 
 
WisdomTree Grains 
GB00B15KYL00 
AIGG 
$0.70272680 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals 
GB00B15KYG56 
AIGI 
$2.03020900 
 
WisdomTree Precious Metals 
GB00B15KYF40 
AIGP 
$1.28009700 
 
WisdomTree Softs 
GB00B15KYJ87 
AIGS 
$1.21318700 
 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Ex-Agriculture 
and Livestock  
JE00B6SV8B36 
XRFM 
$1.56662000 
 
WisdomTree Brent Crude Oil Longer Dated 
JE00B78CP782 
FBRT 
$7.75000000 
 
WisdomTree Broad Commodities Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMC49 
FAIG 
$2.83183050 
 
WisdomTree Energy Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMD55 
ENEF 
$3.99645760 
 
WisdomTree Industrial Metals Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMJ18 
FIND 
$2.81396650 
 
WisdomTree Agriculture Longer Dated 
JE00B24DMK23 
FAGR 
$1.18436550

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
23ANNEX 3 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited under the Programme for the 
Issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities. This form of Final Terms is used when Micro and Commodity 
Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market and/or the Main Market other than in conjunction 
with an offer thereof to the public in one or more member states, for example, to Authorised Participants. 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE COMMODITY SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 90959) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Micro/Individual/Index] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”) 
dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Commodity Securities have the terms provided for in the Trust 
Instrument dated 21 September 2006 as amended and supplemented by trust instruments supplemental 
thereto between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities. Words and expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same 
meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and (2) 
filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and rule PRR 3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information 
both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of 
the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities are as follows: 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Class or Category: 
[●] 
Creation Price: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●]

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[●] 
Estimated net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply: 
[●] 
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the 
Class or Category being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms 
 
[●] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities are admitted to trading 
 
[London Stock Exchange] [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange][Borsa Italiana S.p.A] 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam] 
[NYSE 
Euronext Paris] 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official 
List and to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange are not offers or 
admission 
to 
trading 
made 
under 
the 
Prospectus Regulation but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by Council 
Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia’s actions 
destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
24ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
25ANNEX 4 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of WisdomTree Commodity Securities to the public under the Programme 
for the Issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities. 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE COMMODITY SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Commodity Securities Limited) 
LEI: 21380068Q1JSIAN4FO63 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with 
registered number 90959) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Micro/Individual/Index] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Commodity Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 4 January 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relates to the issue of the 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Commodity Securities have the terms 
provided for in the trust instrument dated 21 September 2006 as amended and supplemented by trust 
instruments supplemental thereto between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree Commodity Securities. Words and Expressions used in these 
Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. The particulars in relation to this issue of 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities are as follows: 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and (2) 
filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and rule PRR 3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full information 
both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of 
the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the Micro and Commodity Securities may be made (other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation) by the Issuer or by [• with LEI [•]] (each a “Permitted Offeror”) in [Austria, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain and Sweden] 
[the United Kingdom (please note that such offers in the United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation)] (“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•] (the “Offer 
Period”). 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Commodity Securities are as follows:

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Class or Category: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Creation Price: 
[●] 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[●] 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds 
of 
issue 
of 
the 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[●] 
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities that may be issued of the 
Class or Category being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
[●] 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangement and time for 
announcing to the public the amount of the offer: 
[●] 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
Offer Price: 
[●] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[●] 
The 
time 
period, 
including 
any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application process: 
[●] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount 
of application: 
[●] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up 
and delivering the WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities: 
[●] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
[●] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[●] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
[●] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[●] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[●] 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depository agents in each country: 
[●] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or under “best 
efforts” arrangements. Where not all of the issue 
is underwritten, a statement of the portion not 
covered: 
[●] 
When the underwriting agreement has been or will 
be reached: 
[●] 
Name and address of a calculation agent: 
[●] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Commodity 
 
 
[London 
Stock 
Exchange] 
[Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange*][Borsa

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by Council 
Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia’s actions 
destabilising the situation in Ukraine. 
 
 
Securities are admitted to trading 
 
Italiana 
S.p.A] 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[NYSE Euronext Paris] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission 
to the UK Official List and to 
trading on the Main Market of 
the London Stock Exchange 
are not offers or admission to 
trading 
made 
under 
the 
Prospectus Regulation but 
are such offers and admission 
to trading for the purposes of 
the 
UK 
Prospectus 
Regulation..

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)