--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
A9.4.2 
A9.4.3 
A9.4.5 
A14.4.1.(a)B 
A9.1.5(a) 
A9.1.5(b) 
A9.1.5(c) 
A14.1.5(a) 
A14.1.5(b) 
A14.1.5(c) 
A14.1.5(d) 
Base prospectus dated 30 November 2021 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited  
(formerly known as ETFS Metal Securities Limited) 
 (Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 95996) 
LEI: 213800QFA5KMBW5CVX71 
Prospectus for the issue of 
WisdomTree Metal Securities 
comprising: 
Individual Securities 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
PHPT 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
PHPD 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
PHAG 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
PHAU 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
WGLD 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
SGBS 
Basket Securities 
LSE Code 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket 
PHPM 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of WisdomTree 
Metal Securities (the “Metal Securities”) by WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited (the “Issuer”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
"Central Bank"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only 
approves this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Metal Securities that are the subject of this base prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Metal Securities. 
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Metal Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.  
To the extent required, this base prospectus as approved by the Central Bank will be filed with the 
Companies Registration Office in Ireland.  
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) 
as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
A9.4.5 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Such approval by 
the FCA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Metal Securities 
that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Metal Securities. 
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply 
where Metal Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the United 
Kingdom and/or an offer of Metal Securities is made to the public (within the meaning provided for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation applies 
where Metal Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an 
offer of Metal Securities is made to the to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member States of the European Economic Area. Accordingly 
Investors should be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions apply and will only have the rights afforded by the 
Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making 
any investment in Metal Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The 
obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions and 
Interpretation”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Metal Securities which are undated limited recourse debt securities 
of the Issuer. The Issuer is currently making available for issue seven separate types of Metal Securities – 
six classes of Individual Securities and one class of Basket Securities. Each class of Individual Security is 
designed to track the price of individual precious metals (such as silver) and the Basket Securities will track 
the price of a number of precious metals. The Metal Securities are intended to provide investors with a 
return equivalent to movements in the spot price of the underlying precious metals less the applicable fees. 
An investment in Metal Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors may lose some 
or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of Metal Securities can go down 
as well as up. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Metal Securities required to enable them to make an informed assessment of (i) the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospectus of the Issuer; and (ii) the rights attaching 
to the Metal Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Metal Securities are contained in the Conditions set out under the heading 
“Conditions” in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and Conditions) and are completed by the Final Terms specific to 
a particular issue of Metal Securities which will be published and delivered to the Central Bank and the 
FCA before such Metal Securities are issued. 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer, details of the tax treatment of a holding of 
Metal Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating to an investment in Metal 
Securities. 
Worked examples of how an investor can determine the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Metal Securities to which they relate, including the class 
and number of Metal Securities to be issued, the underlying precious metal of the Metal Securities to be 
issued and the fees applicable to the Metal Securities to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set out 
in the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors and 
prospective investors. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any information that has been 
incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference) are available at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/. 
Any 
Final 
Terms 
issued 
are 
available 
at 
https://etfs.wisdomtree.eu/pricingSup_msl.html.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Programme for the issue of 
WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Important Information 
 
Approvals 
A copy of this document which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Metal Securities for the purposes 
of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof has been made available to the public 
in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation (EU). This document has also been filed with 
the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation as amended at the date hereof and has been made 
available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that Regulation. Metal Securities will be 
available to be issued on a continuous basis during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. 
A prospective investor should be aware that compensation will not be available under the UK Financial 
Services Compensation Scheme. 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds-Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Metal Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Funds Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to Metal Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the 
Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the fund or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
The Metal Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (the “Securities Act”), as amended, or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. 
Except in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable 
United States securities laws, the Metal Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, 
delivered or transferred in or into the United States. 
 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Metal Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted 
to its Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on 
Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Metal 
Securities there. The Central Bank approval of the programme relates only to the Metal Securities which 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the 
purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
Application has also been made to the UK Listing Authority for all Metal Securities issued within 12 months of 
the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange for all 
classes of Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not offers 
made under the Prospectus Regulation or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to 
trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the admission 
of the Metal Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and do not 
refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such securities may be listed.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
A9.1.1 
A9.1.2 
A14.1.1A 
A14.1.2A 
A14.2.1A 
A14.1.5(d) 
 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts and this 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Metal 
Securities or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be construed as 
advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Metal Securities or the exercise of 
any rights attached thereto for the purposes of the Jersey Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as 
amended. 
None of the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Trustee or the Custodians makes any 
representations as to (i) the suitability of any Metal Securities for any particular investor; (ii) the 
appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax consequences of an investment in any Metal 
Securities; or (iii) the expected performance of any Metal Securities, either in absolute terms or 
relative to competing investments. 
 
Investors to make their own assessment 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Metal Securities. Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent accounting, tax 
and legal advice and may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the 
suitability of Metal Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders may wish to conduct such 
independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, delivery processes and 
cash-flows associated with Metal Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in Metal Securities. 
 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA, the Issuer will either prepare and make available an 
appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall constitute a supplementary 
prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA or prepare and 
make available a further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of 
each section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in 
Metal Securities. 
Section of Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
9 
This section sets out the material risks known to the 
Issuer associated with an investment in Metal 
Securities and should be carefully considered by a 
prospective investor 
Frequently Asked Questions 
19 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions about the Metal Securities 
Definitions and Interpretation 
24 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
42 
This section sets out the name and addresses of 
the entities which provide services and legal advice 
to the Issuer 
Documents Incorporated by Reference
45 
This section details the documents incorporated into 
this Prospectus by reference and details where 
copies of these documents can be found. These 
documents are part of this Prospectus and should 
be carefully considered by a potential investor 
Part 1 
General 
47 
This section provides a description of the Metal 
Securities and the role of the different parties in the 
structure of the offering. It also sets out the way in 
which investment in Metal Securities can be made 
or redeemed as well as details of some but not all 
of the rights attached to the Metal Securities and 
information relating to the Issuer, its directors and 
service providers 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their 
investment? 
56 
This section sets out how an investor can work out 
the value of their investment and provides the 
relevant formulae and worked examples 
Part 3 
Precious Metals Market 
Overview 
61 
This section provides an overview of the precious 
metals market both generally and also specifically 
in respect of gold, silver, platinum and palladium to 
help an investor decide whether an investment in a 
product which tracks particular precious metals is 
appropriate for them 
Part 4 
Description of Metal 
Securities 
69 
This section contains a description of the rights 
attaching to the Metal Securities (the legal 
description of which is set out in Part 6), information 
relating to some, but not all, of the rules applicable 
to Metal Securities including details on where this 
Prospectus has been passported to allow public 
offer of the Metal Securities takes place 
Part 5 
The Programme 
78 
This section gives details of the countries in which 
the Metal Securities are available for offer, the 
exchanges upon which they can be traded and the 
settlement processes which apply on each 
exchange

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Part 6 
Trust Instrument and the 
Conditions 
84 
This section gives details of the main constitutive 
document in relation to the Metal Securities – the 
Trust Instrument – and sets out the details of the 
approval of the issue of the Metal Securities. It 
includes an extract from the Trust Instrument under 
the heading “Conditions” which sets out the terms 
and conditions which apply to the securities. This 
extract is drafted in legal language as it is taken 
directly from the Trust Instrument but information on 
how the terms and conditions apply to Security 
Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus 
including in Part 1 and Part 4 
Part 7 
Particulars of Security Deeds
121 
The Security Deeds create security over, and give 
investors (through the Trustee) rights to, the 
underlying relating to each class of security. This 
section contains detail of the terms of the rights 
granted by the Security Deeds and when these 
rights become enforceable 
Part 8 
Custody, the Custodian 
Agreements and the Metal 
Agent Agreement 
123 
The Custodians are responsible for the safe 
keeping of the physical precious metals which back 
the Metal Securities. This section provides 
information on the Custodians and their role as well 
as describing the key terms of the Custodian 
Agreements entered into between the Issuer and 
each of the Custodians and the Metal Agent 
Agreement entered into between the Issuer and the 
Metal Agents. The role of the Custodians and the 
Metal Agent in the transaction is also referenced in 
Part 1 and Part 4 
Part 9 
Global Bearer Certificates 
(Germany) 
132 
This section contains an English translation of the 
German text of the German Global Bearer 
Certificates which are set out an Annex I and which 
are only relevant to investors wishing to purchase 
their securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Part 10 Taxation 
136 
This section sets out a summary of the tax 
treatment of the holding and redemption of Metal 
Securities in the United Kingdom and Jersey 
Part 11 Additional Information 
142 
This section sets out further information on the 
Issuer which the Issuer believes a potential investor 
will want to be aware of or which the Issuer is 
required to include under applicable rules. This 
section includes detail of the material contracts 
relating to the Metal Securities, other than the Trust 
Instrument, Security Deeds and the Custodian 
Agreements which are covered in Parts 6, 7 and 8 
Annex 1 Form of the Global Bearer 
Certificates (Germany) 
154 
This section sets out the form of the German Global 
Bearer Certificates. The German Global Bearer 
Certificates are only relevant to investors wishing to 
purchase their Metal Securities on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Annex 2 Text of the Conditions of the 
Global Bearer Certificates 
(Germany) 
155 
This section sets out the German text of the 
German Global Bearer Certificates. The English 
translation of these certificates is contained in Part 
9 of this Prospectus. The German Global Bearer 
Certificates are only relevant to investors wishing 
to purchase their securities on the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange 
Annex 3 Form of Final Terms – Offers 
to Authorised Participants 
158 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which 
the Issuer will publish when it has issued Metal 
Securities to a securities house or other market 
professional approved by the Issuer and which has 
entered into an agreement with the Issuer in relation 
to Metal Securities. This details the class, number 
and relevant information applicable to the issue and 
when completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary set out 
at the front of this document and adjusted to be 
relevant only to the securities issued under the final 
terms. Each time that securities are issued by the 
Issuer, a Final Terms document is prepared by the 
Issuer and submitted to the Central Bank and 
notified to the competent authority in each 
European jurisdiction that the product is passported 
into. The Final Terms document is also submitted 
to the FCA. Completed Final Terms documents are 
available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
Annex 4 Form of Final Terms – Public 
Offers 
161 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms that 
the Issuer will publish if it issues any Metal 
Securities to the public pursuant to a public offer 
rather than to a securities house or other market 
professional (as set out at Annex 3). This details the 
class, number and relevant information applicable 
to the issue and when completed will also include 
an issue specific summary which is taken from the 
summary set out at the front of this document and 
adjusted to be relevant only to the securities issued 
under the final terms. Each time that securities are 
issued by the Issuer, a Final Terms document is 
prepared by the Issuer and submitted to the Central 
Bank and notified to the competent authority in 
each European jurisdiction that the product is 
passported into. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
A9.3.1 
A14.2.1A 
A17.1.1A 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in Metal Securities involves a significant degree of risk. 
The Issuer believes that the factors relating to the Issuer, its industry and the Metal Securities set out below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Metal Securities. All of these risk factors are risks which 
may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Metal 
Securities. 
A Security Holder may also lose some or the entire value of their investment or part of their investment in 
Metal Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Metal Security Risk Factors 
General 
Bullion Prices 
The value of a Metal Security is intended to be directly related to the value of an equivalent investment in 
Bullion. Bullion prices generally may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly war, terrorism, 
expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from countries that are 
major Bullion producers; 
 
global metal supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as exploration success, mine 
production and net forward selling activities by metal producers, jewellery demand, investment 
demand and industrial demand, net of any recycling and any shortages of a particular type of Bullion 
could result in a spike in prices of that type of Bullion. Price spiking can also result in volatile forward 
rates and lease rates which could result in the bid-offer spread on any exchange where Metal 
Securities are traded widening, reflecting short-term forward rates in the relevant Bullion; 
 
financial activities including investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large 
trading houses, producers, users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other 
speculators which could impact global supply or demand; and 
 
financial market factors such as investors’ expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation, 
movements in world equity, financial and property markets, interest rates and currency exchange 
rates, particularly the strength of and confidence in the US dollar. 
Adverse movements in the price of Bullion may negatively affect the return to Security Holders who sell 
their securities when the price of the relevant Bullion has decreased since the time they purchased their 
Metal Securities. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of Metal Securities and 
this may lead to a fall in the price of Metal Securities which will have an adverse impact on any investor 
that purchased the Metal Securities at a higher price. Investors should be aware that Metal Securities can 
go down in price as well as up and investors may lose the value of all or part of their investment. 
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19)  
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of coronavirus disease and its subsequent mutations (COVID-
19) as a pandemic. National governments and supranational organisations in multiple states have taken 
steps designed to protect their populations from COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home 
working, imposing travel restrictions, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and other events and restricting 
or discouraging gatherings of people and business operations.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Between 11 March 2020 and 29 October 2021, COVID 19 has had a substantial impact on the price of the 
underlying commodities and consequently the corresponding Metal Securities. Spot Gold, Silver, Platinum 
and Palladuim decreasing by 6.98%, 41.07%, 14.79% and -17.11% respectively since the beginning of the 
year (Source: Bloomberg, 29 October 2021). 
While it is too early to predict how COVID 19, the global response and public sentiment will affect 
commodities and hence the Price of each class of the Metal Securities, such effects may be significant and 
may be long term in nature.  
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Metal Securities trade on the London Stock Exchange (or any other 
exchange or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the price of Bullion 
represented by such Metal Securities. The application and redemption procedures for Metal Securities and 
the role of certain Authorised Participants as market-makers are intended to minimise this potential 
difference or “tracking error”. However, the market price of Metal Securities will be a function of supply and 
demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Metal Securities and the bid-offer spread that market-
makers are willing to quote for Metal Securities. In addition, if new demand for Metal Securities exceeds 
the availability of the Bullion required to create such new Metal Securities, then the issue of new Metal 
Securities will be restricted and therefore Metal Securities may trade at a premium. Investors who pay a 
premium risk losing the premium if demand for Metal Securities abates or when new Metal Securities are 
issued. Investors are dependent on there being Authorised Participants making a market in Metal Securities 
in order to minimise tracking error and to provide investors with liquidity. 
There can be no assurance as to the depth of the secondary market (if any) in Metal Securities, which 
could affect their liquidity and market price. 
Only Authorised Participants May Apply for or Redeem Metal Securities 
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Metal Securities, save in 
relation to redemptions where at any time there are no Authorised Participants, in relation to redemption of 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be Redeemed 
by Physical Delivery of Bullion (as long as certain conditions are met) or in certain other limited 
circumstances, or as announced by the Issuer. The Issuer has agreed to use reasonable endeavours to 
ensure that at all times there are at least two Authorised Participants. There can, however, be no assurance 
that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming 
Metal Securities. If there are no Authorised Participants actively applying for and redeeming Metal 
Securities, stock exchange liquidity in the Metal Securities and the market price available to selling Security 
Holders are likely adversely to be affected. 
Early Redemption 
Early Redemption of Metal Securities 
The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days’ notice by an announcement on a Regulatory 
Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) (“RIS Announcement”) to the 
Security Holders, redeem all Metal Securities of a particular type. The Trustee may, at any time, where an 
insolvency event in relation to the Issuer (including but not limited to the insolvency, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to it or substantially the 
whole of its assets) has occurred and is continuing, upon not less than two Business Days’ notice, give 
notice to the Issuer and by RIS announcement to the Security Holders that all the Metal Securities 
outstanding are to be redeemed. 
The Issuer may, at any time by not less than seven nor more than fourteen days’ written notice, redeem 
any Metal Securities held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit Plan Investors or other Security 
Holders who have not provided appropriate certifications as to their status in accordance with the 
Conditions or in certain other circumstances specified in the Conditions. 
The Custodian Agreements with the Initial Custodian in respect of Initial Metal Securities and 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities may be terminated by the Initial Custodian upon 90 days’ 
written notice. If the Initial Custodian terminates those agreements, then unless the Issuer is able to find 
a suitable replacement custodian, the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding Initial Metal Securities 
and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities. In addition the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements 
with the Initial Custodian will terminate automatically if the Custodian Agreements with the Initial 
Custodian are terminated. In the event that the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements with the Initial

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Custodian are to be terminated and no replacement Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements are entered 
into, the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding Initial Metal Securities and WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities. 
The Custodian Agreements with the Swiss Gold Custodian in respect of Swiss Gold Metal Securities may 
be terminated by the Swiss Gold Custodian upon 90 days’ written notice, or immediately in certain 
circumstances. If the Swiss Gold Custodian terminates those agreements, then unless the Issuer is able to 
find a suitable replacement custodian, the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding Swiss Gold Metal 
Securities. In addition the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate automatically if 
the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement is terminated. In the event that the Swiss Gold 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement is to be terminated and no replacement Swiss Gold Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement is entered into, the Issuer will elect to redeem the outstanding Swiss Gold Metal 
Securities. 
Consequently, an investment in Metal Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security 
Holder and if the value of the Metal Securities at such time is less than that at the time of purchase of 
those Metal Securities by a Security Holder this could lead to a loss for a Security Holder. 
Custody Arrangements and Metal Agent 
Custody and Insurance 
In respect of Bullion attributable to the Initial Metal Securities or any other Basket Securities to the extent 
comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities, platinum and palladium will be held by the Initial 
Custodian at its London vault premises or, in the case of some or all of the platinum and palladium, by one 
or more Initial Zurich Sub-Custodians at their Zurich vault premises. Silver and gold (other than gold 
attributable to WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) will be held by the Initial Custodian at its 
London vault premises or, in the case of silver, by up to two Silver Sub-Custodians at their vault premises. 
Gold attributable to the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities will be held in Switzerland by the 
Swiss Gold Custodian through the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian at its Zurich vault premises. 
Such Bullion may be held elsewhere by the relevant Custodian or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the 
relevant Custodian or by a delegate of a Sub-Custodian on a temporary basis prior to Bullion being 
transported to such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process. Access to such Bullion 
could be restricted by natural events, such as flooding, or human actions, such as a terrorist attack. 
The Custodians will maintain such insurance in connection with their custodial obligations under the 
Custodian Agreements as they consider appropriate, and they shall be responsible for all costs, fees and 
expenses in relation thereto. The Issuer may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, be provided with details 
of these insurance coverage arrangements from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. In addition, the 
Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts, and will not be required to make any enquiry 
regarding such matters. Furthermore, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will require any Silver Sub-
Custodian, Zurich Sub-Custodian or any other direct or indirect sub-custodians to be insured or bonded with 
respect to their custodial activities or in respect of the Bullion held by them pursuant to the Custodian 
Agreements. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Bullion could be lost, stolen or damaged and the Issuer would not be 
able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Metal Securities which would result in a loss to Security 
Holders. 
The Custodian Agreements provide that, other than the Custodian’s obligations to make commercially 
reasonable efforts to obtain delivery of Bullion from its Sub-Custodians, the Custodians have no 
responsibility for any action of any Sub-Custodians (unless the appointment of the relevant Sub- Custodian 
was made negligently or in bad faith), other than the Silver Sub-Custodians and Zurich Sub-Custodians. 
The Trustee has no direct relationship with any of the Sub-Custodians other than the Silver Sub-Custodians 
and Zurich Sub-Custodians. The Trustee’s relationship with the Silver Sub- Custodians and Zurich Sub-
Custodians is limited to its receipt of confirmation from the Silver Sub-Custodians and Zurich Sub-
Custodians that Bullion will be segregated from Bullion owned by the Silver Sub-Custodians and Zurich 
Sub-Custodians or held for others and segregated from Bullion held for the Custodians and any other 
customers of the Custodians and make appropriate entries in its books and records. Accordingly, the 
Trustee has no contractual rights to direct any Sub-Custodian, any Silver Sub-Custodian or any Zurich 
Sub-Custodian. Its only contractual rights are, in certain circumstances, to direct the Custodian.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Under the Custodian Agreements, the Custodians are only liable for losses that are the direct result of their 
own negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of their duties and then only up to the market 
value of the Bullion lost or damaged at the time such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by 
the relevant Custodian. In addition, the Custodians are not liable for any delay in performance or any non-
performance of any of their obligations under the Custodian Agreements by reason of any cause beyond 
their reasonable control, including breakdown, malfunction or failure of transmission, communication or 
computer facilities. If any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property attributable to any Metal Securities 
is lost, damaged, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee, the responsible party may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) 
sufficient to satisfy the claim or may not readily be identifiable and the Issuer would not be able to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the Metal Securities resulting in a loss to Security Holders. 
The ability of the Issuer and the Trustee to monitor the performance of the Custodian is limited because, 
under the Custodian Agreements, the Trustee and the Issuer have only limited rights to visit the premises of 
the Custodian, the Silver Sub-Custodian or the Zurich Sub-Custodian for the purpose of examining the 
Bullion and certain related records maintained by the Custodian, the Silver Sub-Custodian or Zurich Sub-
Custodian. 
No investigation has been made as to the effectiveness of the security granted to the Trustee over the 
Bullion as against any Sub-Custodian, any Silver Sub-Custodian or any Zurich Sub-Custodian. 
Each Custodian is entitled to terminate the relevant Custodian Agreements and the Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement upon 90 days written notice (see paragraph 10 (Termination) of the section 
headed “Custody and the Custodian Agreements – The Secured Metal Accounts” in Part 8 (Custody, the 
Custodian Agreements and the Metal Agent Agreement)). If following such notice of termination, the Issuer 
is not able to appoint a new Custodian it would be forced to redeem the affected Metal Securities which 
would lead to a Security Holder realising their investment earlier than desired and if the value of the Metal 
Securities at such time is less than that at the time of purchase of those Metal Securities by a Security 
Holder this could lead to a loss for a Security Holder. 
The Custodians are each regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority, but the custodial services 
provided by the Custodians and any Sub-Custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently not a 
regulated activity subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA. 
Further details regarding the custody of Bullion are set out in Part 1 (General). 
Credit Exposure to Custodians on Bullion held in Secured Unallocated Accounts 
Whilst Bullion attributable to the Metal Securities is generally held in allocated form, Bullion required as 
part of the redemption process and, for Bullion other than gold, amounts representing less than one bar, 
may be held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts. Bullion held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts does 
not give proprietary rights to specific bars of Bullion but instead gives an unsecured claim against the 
Custodian for the amount of Bullion held in those accounts and is not segregated from the assets of the 
Custodians. As a result, in the event of the insolvency of the Custodian it may not be possible to recover 
any or the full amount of any Bullion held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts which may mean that the 
Issuer is unable to meet its Redemption Obligations in respect of the Metal Securities. In these 
circumstances a Security Holder may suffer a loss as they will not be able to realise the full value of their 
Metal Securities. 
Metal Agent and Insurance 
Upon a compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form in respect of 
any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities or WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities, in each 
case elected to be redeemed by way of physical delivery of Bullion, the Trustee will instruct (once the Issuer 
has confirmed to the Trustee (upon which confirmation the Trustee may rely without any obligation to 
investigate or verify the same) that certain conditions have been satisfied) the Custodian to transfer the 
relevant Bullion. The Custodian will then transfer Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect of such WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities or WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities in an amount equal to the relevant Metal Entitlement, calculated as at the Settlement Date 
(rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce), from the Secured Metal Accounts to the applicable 
Metal Agent Account. 
The Metal Agent has agreed in the Metal Agent Agreement that it will make such insurance arrangements in 
connection with its holding obligations with respect to Bullion in unallocated form as it considers fit, but the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring the Bullion held in the Metal Agent Account, and will not be required to make any enquiry regarding 
such matters. 
There is a risk that the Bullion could be lost, stolen or damaged and the Metal Agent would not be able to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the Metal Securities which would result in a loss to Security Holders. 
Under the Metal Agent Agreement, the Metal Agent is only liable for losses that are the direct result of its 
own negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the performance of its duties. In addition, the Metal Agent 
is not liable for any delay in performance or any non-performance of any of its obligations under the Metal 
Agent Agreement by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including breakdown, malfunction 
or failure of transmission, communication or computer facilities. If any Bullion is lost, damaged, stolen or 
destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Metal Agent, the responsible party may not 
have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) sufficient to satisfy the claim or may not 
readily be identifiable and the Metal Agent would not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Metal 
Securities resulting in a loss to Security Holders. 
The ability of the Issuer to monitor the performance of the Metal Agent is limited because, under the Metal 
Agent Agreement, the Issuer has no rights to visit the premises of the Metal Agent for the purpose of 
examining the Bullion and certain related records maintained by the Metal Agent. 
Under the Metal Agent Agreement, after an initial period of three years, the Issuer and/or the Metal Agent 
are entitled to terminate the Metal Agent Agreement upon six months’ written notice. If following such notice 
of termination, the Issuer is not able to appoint a new Metal Agent, any redemption of the affected Metal 
Securities which would otherwise have been redeemed by way of physical delivery of Bullion may instead 
have to be redeemed by way of Metal Sale. This would mean a Security Holder would, instead of receiving 
physical delivery of the relevant Bullion, receive US dollars pursuant to a redemption by Metal Sale. Receipt 
by the Security Holder of US dollars instead of Bullion could have tax or other consequences upon 
redemption which could lead to a loss to Security Holders. 
The Trustee is not a party to the Metal Agent Agreement and does not have any security interest in or over 
the rights of the Issuer under the Metal Agent Agreement and so the Trustee will not have any rights under 
the Metal Agent Agreement and will not have any right to exercise or enforce any rights of the Issuer under 
the Metal Agent Agreement. 
The Metal Agent is a company organised under the laws of Switzerland, but the metal agent services 
provided by the Metal Agent under the Metal Agent Agreement is presently not a regulated activity subject to 
the supervision and rules of the FCA. 
Further details regarding the holding of Bullion by the Metal Agent are set out in Part 1 (General). 
Bullion Price Risks 
Currency 
Bullion prices are generally quoted in US dollars and the price of Metal Securities will be quoted on the 
London Stock Exchange in US dollars. To the extent that a Security Holder values Metal Securities in 
another currency, that value will be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the US dollar and that 
other currency. 
Regulatory activity or lawsuits with respect to the historical methods of setting the price of gold, which was 
used prior to the adoption of the LBMA PM Gold Price in March 2015, may impact market confidence in the 
LBMA PM Gold Price 
The historical methods of setting the price of gold have been the subject of litigation and regulatory 
investigations which remain pending. Within the last two years, electronic auction methodologies have 
replaced the historical non-electronic auction methods of setting the price of gold. However, if there is a 
perception that the price setting mechanism for gold is susceptible to intentional disruption, or if the LBMA PM 
Gold Price is not received with confidence by the markets, the behavior of investors and traders in gold 
may reflect the lack of confidence and it may have an effect on the price of gold as reflected by the LBMA 
PM Gold Price (and, consequently, the value of the Metal Securities or their correlation with the price of 
gold). 
The Fixing Price may prove unreliable

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Whilst Metal Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement, it is also possible 
to calculate what the cash value of the Metal Securities in US Dollars was on a particular day using the 
Fixing Price for that type of Bullion on that day. Due to the replacement of the fixing methodologies during 
2014 and 2015, the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion has a limited operating history and Security Holders 
using the Fixing Price as a way of valuing their Metal Securities may find that the Fixing Price may among 
other things: 
 
not behave over time like the previous fix has historically; 
 
be based on procedures and subject to regulation and oversight significantly different from those 
applicable to the previous fix; 
 
not be as widely accepted as the previous fix; or 
 
otherwise prove unreliable. 
If the Fixing Price proves unreliable, Security Holders using the Fixing Price to calculate the cash value of 
their Metal Securities may find that the cash value is negatively impacted. 
Operational Risk Factors 
Settlement of Platinum and Palladium 
The Initial Custodian is not a clearing bank for platinum and palladium and will be reliant on its Zurich 
clearing bank (currently UBS AG) to credit its own account at that bank in order to effect creations and 
redemptions of Metal Securities involving platinum or palladium. Particularly in the case of redemptions, it 
may take longer than two or three Business Days for platinum or palladium to be credited to such account 
and if so the Settlement Date will be delayed which could lead to a loss to a Security Holder. 
Settlement of Swiss Gold – Unallocated Delivery 
The Swiss Gold Custodian is not a clearing bank for gold, loco Zurich (meaning the metal is physically held 
in vaults in Zurich), and will be reliant on its Zurich clearing bank (currently UBS AG) to credit its own 
account at that bank to effect creations and redemptions of Swiss Gold Metal Securities. 
In respect of the Swiss Gold Metal Securities, where an Authorised Participant elects for redemption to be 
effected loco London (meaning the metal is physically held in vaults in London), it may take longer than 
two or three Business Days for gold to be credited to the relevant account and if so the Settlement Date will 
be delayed which could lead to a loss to a Security Holder. 
Settlement of Swiss Gold and Core Physical Gold – Allocated Delivery: Metal Agent Delivery Risk 
Upon a compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form in respect of, 
any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, in each 
case elected to be redeemed by way of physical delivery of Bullion, the Bullion attributable to the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities being 
redeemed is transferred out of the Custodian’s allocated Secured Metal Accounts and into the unallocated 
Metal Agent Account of the Metal Agent, for delivery on to the Physical Security Holder Bank, where it will be 
held for the Security Holder. 
In order for a Redemption by way of physical delivery of the relevant Bullion to be effected, the redeeming 
Security Holder must have specified: (a) in the case of an optional Redemption, on its Redemption Form; or 
(b) in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, to the Issuer in writing, a Physical Security Holder Bank – 
being for the purposes of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities a credit institution authorised in 
Germany and for the purposes of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities a credit institution authorised 
in any of the United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction from time to time agreed 
between the Issuer and the Metal Agent, and in each case, which has agreed to accept deliveries of Bullion 
of the appropriate type to be held on behalf of and on account for such Security Holder. The Metal Agent 
will, once all conditions have been satisfied, deliver the relevant Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank 
as specified by the Security Holder. The Bullion will then be held by the Physical Security Holder Bank for 
the Security Holder in the manner as separately agreed between the Security Holder and the Physical 
Security Holder Bank. If, in either case, no Physical Security Holder Bank is specified, then a Redemption by 
way of physical delivery of Bullion cannot take place. 
When the Bullion is transferred out of the Secured Metal Accounts, the fixed charge, or legal mortgage in 
favour of the Trustee under the Security Deeds, will fall away from the relevant Bullion being transferred.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
A9.4.1 
A14.4.6A 
The risk of non-receipt of the Bullion will remain with the Security Holder until such Bullion is deposited by 
the Metal Agent with the Security Holder’s Physical Security Holder Bank. The Metal Agent has five 
business days (or an additional period determined by the Metal Agent up to a further three business days)  
from the day that the relevant Bullion was deposited into the Metal Agent’s Account by the Custodian, to make 
all relevant deductions and then transfer such Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank (save that where 
any Security Holder is to receive more than 250kg, the Metal Agent has a further one week per tonne 
(1,000kg) or part of a tonne to make such transfer). Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer will be responsible 
or liable for any failure by any Metal Agent to effect a delivery of the relevant Bullion in accordance with the 
instructions of the Issuer. However, in the event of such failure: the Issuer will, to the extent practicable, 
assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims of such 
Security Holder in respect of the Metal Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder will have no 
further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. The Bullion is transferred out of the allocated 
Secured Metal Accounts of the Custodian and into the unallocated Metal Agent Account. Such Bullion held 
in an unallocated Metal Agent Account does not give proprietary rights to specific bars of Bullion but instead 
gives an unsecured claim against the Metal Agent for the amount of Bullion held in that account and such 
Bullion is not segregated from the assets of the Metal Agent. 
As noted above, during the time that the Security Holder’s Bullion is held in the Metal Agent Account, such 
Bullion is held on an unallocated basis. Further, and given that all Bullion held by the Metal Agent sits outside 
the Secured Property, in the event of the insolvency or default of the Metal Agent, or the failure of the Metal 
Agent to procure delivery of the Bullion to the Security Holder’s Physical Security Holder Bank, it may not 
be possible to recover any or all of the Bullion held in the Metal Agent Account. This may mean that the 
Security Holder may not receive delivery to its Physical Security Holder Bank of the relevant Bullion owed 
to it under such redemption. In these circumstances a Security Holder may suffer a loss as they will not 
have received all or part of the Bullion which they are entitled to receive in connection with such redemption. 
The Security Holder will not have recourse to either the Issuer or the Trustee given that the Metal Securities 
deposited with the Metal Agent sit outside the security created for the benefit of the Security Holders under 
the Security Deeds. The Issuer will instead have an unsecured claim against the Metal Agent which it may, 
subject to conditions, assign to the redeeming Security Holder, and as a result the Security Holder may not 
recover the full amount, or any, of Bullion to which it is entitled and therefore may suffer a loss. 
VAT 
Platinum, palladium and silver are subject to 20 per cent. VAT when imported into the United Kingdom 
(except those arrivals from within the EU which are not currently subject to such import VAT). The VAT can 
be reclaimed as long as the importer is a member of the LBMA (in the case of silver) and the LPPM (in the 
case of platinum and palladium) and the metals are kept within the London “black box” clearing system. 
No VAT is payable when investment gold is imported into the United Kingdom. 
The Initial Custodian is a member of both the LBMA and the LPPM and the Swiss Gold Custodian is a 
member of the LBMA and thus any VAT charged to the Custodian under the Programme is reclaimable. 
The processes designed by the Custodians for the benefit of the Issuer mean that Metal Securities should not 
accrue any future irrecoverable VAT charges, although if the rules for irrecoverable VAT or importation were 
changed, it is possible that Metal Securities could be liable for VAT when the Bullion is imported into the 
UK which could lead to a tax charge to a Security Holder. However, even under the current rules, if upon 
redemption the Security Holder requires physical delivery outside of the black box system then they will be 
liable for VAT. 
In respect of metals coming in from outside the EU, they can be brought straight into the bonded warehouse 
which will mean that as they are not in free circulation no import VAT charge arises. They can be traded 
whilst remaining in bond, without a VAT charge arising. Storage charges for metals in bond do not attract 
a VAT charge, whereas storage charges for metals that are outside the bond but fall within the reliefs of the 
London “black box” clearing system are subject to VAT. 
Under the Custodian Agreements, all VAT is for the account of the Custodian. 
Other Legal Risks 
No Recourse Except to the Issuer and the Secured Property 
The Issuer is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing exchange traded 
commodities (ETCs) as asset backed securities. Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in 
order of the priority of payments further details of which are set out in Condition 12 (Application of Moneys) 
in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions). If the net proceeds from the enforcement of the Secured

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Property in respect of a particular Pool, following enforcement of the Security Deed applicable to that Pool, 
are not sufficient to meet all obligations and make all payments then due in respect of the Individual 
Securities of that class (and the Basket Securities to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of that 
class), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Individual Securities of that class (and Basket 
Securities to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of that class) will be limited to the net proceeds 
of realisation of that Secured Property. In such circumstances the assets (if any) of the Issuer other than 
those attributable to the relevant Pool will not be available to meet any shortfall, the rights of the relevant 
Security Holders to receive any further amounts in respect of such obligations shall be extinguished and 
none of the Security Holders or the Trustee may take any further action to recover such amounts. In these 
circumstances a Security Holder will suffer a loss as they cannot realise the full value of their investment. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee may enforce the Security at its discretion but is only required to enforce the Security on behalf 
of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) 
by a Security Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed; or 
(b) 
if an insolvency event in relation to the Issuer has occurred and is continuing, (i) in writing by Security 
Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by Principal Amount (as at the date of the last signature) 
of the Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding, or (ii) by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case provided that the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction. In 
circumstances where the Trustee is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right 
to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England and stays 
Under Section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court in a 
“relevant country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding up order in respect of 
a foreign company, such as the Issuer. 
Furthermore, under the European Insolvency Regulations (No.1346/2000) (“EIR”) main insolvency 
proceedings (including administration and liquidation) can be opened if the centre of main interests of the 
Issuer is considered to be in England, or winding up proceedings (liquidation) may be opened if the Issuer 
has an establishment (as defined in the EIR) in England. 
If the Issuer were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period of 
administration, the affairs, business and property of the Issuer would be managed by a person known as 
an administrator and this could affect the ability of a Security Holder to redeem their Metal Securities at a 
time of their choosing, which could mean a delay in the return of the underlying assets to Security Holders 
and a loss if the value of the underlying asset has reduced in the intervening period. 
During the period beginning with making an application for an administration order and ending with the 
making of such an order or the dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security 
except with the leave of the Court and subject to such terms as the Court may impose. 
In the case of administration, while the Issuer remained in administration no steps could be taken to enforce 
the Security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject to such 
terms as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the Court to sell property 
subject to the Security free from the Security. The administrator must however account to the Trustee and 
the Security Holders for the proceeds of sale. 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in this case the 
insolvency representative of the Issuer in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, inter alia, to commence 
insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include administration) or to have the English 
Courts recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to have the English Courts grant a stay of any 
enforcement of any security. If any such application were made, it could affect the ability of the Trustee to 
enforce the Security. 
If the Issuer were placed in liquidation in England, the Security could be enforced by the Trustee on behalf 
of the Security Holders.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Regulatory Risk 
The Issuer may be required by the rules of an exchange (other than the London Stock Exchange) to which 
the Metal Securities are admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market makers. If a market 
maker ceases to act as market maker and a replacement cannot be found and as a result the Issuer cannot 
meet the minimum requirement, the relevant exchange may require the Metal Securities to cease trading 
which may make it harder for a Security Holder to sell their Metal Securities at a time of their choosing and 
which could lead to a loss to a Security Holder if, when they are subsequently able to sell their Metal 
Securities, the value of those Metal Securities has dropped below the value of the Metal Securities when 
the Security Holder initially sought to sell them. 
Financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
“Original Proposal”) for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”), although Estonia subsequently stated that it 
would not participate). In addition, certain countries (such as France and Italy) have unilaterally introduced 
or announced their own financial transactions tax and others may follow suit. 
The Original Proposal put forward a FTT that would have applied primarily to “financial institutions” (which 
would have included the Issuer) in relation to “financial transactions” (which would have included the 
purchase and sale of a wide range of financial instruments). 
The Original Proposal was broadly drafted and, under its proposed terms, the FTT could have applied in 
certain circumstances to financial institutions outside of the Participating Member States (such as the 
Issuer). However, due to a lack of political consensus, the Original Proposal was not pursued and it remains 
uncertain if it (or a variation of it) will be adopted in the future. If the Original Proposal is adopted, there is a 
risk that the FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions in the Metal 
Securities. In addition, Security Holders which are financial institutions may be directly liable for the FTT in 
respect of those securities. 
In June 2019, EU finance ministers revived the negotiations regarding the FTT by submitting an updated 
proposal, which was further amended by proposals by the German Finance Minister in December 2019 
(the “Updated Proposal”). If agreed by the Participating Member States, the Updated Proposal could have 
effect from 2021. The Updated Proposal is narrower than the Original Proposal and would apply primarily 
to acquisitions of shares issued by listed EU companies with a market capitalisation above €1 billion, at a 
rate of 0.2% or more. As such, if implemented as currently proposed, it is not expected that the Updated 
Proposal would apply to the Issuer or to transactions in Metal Securities. However, the FTT remains the 
subject of ongoing discussions at an EU level and there is a risk that, if adopted, the Updated Proposal will be 
extended to other financial institutions such as the Issuer or to transactions in Metal Securities. 
At the time of writing, the Updated Proposal remains the subject of debate and it remains uncertain if it will 
be adopted and, if so, in what form. Prospective holders of the Metal Securities are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the application of any FTT or similar transaction tax to their 
subscriptions or redemptions of Metal Securities. 
Changes in Regulation 
The combination of the nature of the Issuer’s activities, the markets to which it is exposed, the institutions 
with which it does business and the securities which it issues makes it particular exposed to national, 
international and supranational regulatory action and taxation changes. The scope and requirements of 
regulation and taxation applicable to the Issuer continues to change and evolve and there is a risk that as 
a result it may prove more difficult or impossible, or more expensive, for the Issuer to continue to carry on 
their functions in the manner currently contemplated. This may require that changes are made in the future 
to the agreements applicable to the Programme and may result in changes to the commercial terms of the 
Metal Securities (such as reductions in the Creation Limits and the Redemption Limits) and/or the inability 
to apply for and Redeem Metal Securities and/or Compulsory Redemption of some or all of the Metal 
Securities and/or disruption to the pricing thereof. 
‘Brexit’ 
Pursuant to the European Union Referendum Act 2015 of the UK, a referendum on the United Kingdom's 
membership of the European Union (EU) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave the EU.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
On 29 March 2017, the UK Government gave notice under Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union 
of the UK's intention to leave the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a Member State of the EU. 
This cessation was subject to a withdrawal agreement between the UK and the remaining EU Member 
States which provided for a transition period lasting until December 2020 during which EU law continues 
to apply to the UK as if it remained a Member State. On 30 December 2020 the UK and the EU entered 
into a “Trade and Cooperation Agreement” (the “Trade and Cooperation Agreement”) to regulate certain 
aspects of the relationship between the UK and the EU following the end of the transition period.  The 
enactment of the European Union (Future Relationship) Act 2020 brought into effect in the UK certain 
provisions of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement.  The terms of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
contemplate further agreements and amendments to be negotiated and agreed.  There are certain legal 
and regulatory aspects of membership of the EU (such as certain financial services arrangements) the 
effects of which are not maintained by the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and where “equivalence” 
decisions have not been made and/or may be withdrawn unilaterally. 
Whilst the medium to long-term consequences of the UK’s departure from the EU and agreement of the Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement remain uncertain, there could be short-term volatility which could have a 
negative impact on general economic conditions in the UK and business and consumer confidence in the 
UK, which may in turn have a negative impact elsewhere in the EU and more widely. . Among other things, 
the UK’s departure from the EU and agreement of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement could lead to 
instability in the foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the pound sterling or the euro. 
Deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence could lead to (i) reduced levels of business 
activity; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; and (iii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios 
resulting from changes in credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties. 
No assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the market value and/or the 
liquidity of the Metal Securities in the secondary market and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Metal Securities. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the legal and regulatory environment applicable to the Programme and 
to investors is consequent upon the UK’s departure from the EU and agreement of the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement and its potential effect remains unclear and this may have adverse and/or 
unforeseeable consequences.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
A19.2.2.14B 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Metal Securities. It is not intended to be a summary of or a complete 
description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment in Metal Securities should 
only be made after careful consideration of this Prospectus. 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the section entitled “Definitions and Interpretation”. 
What are Metal Securities? 
WisdomTree Metal Securities are secured, undated, limited recourse debt securities issued by 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, a Jersey company established as a special purpose vehicle for the 
purpose of issuing the Metal Securities. The Metal Securities offer investors a means of investing in physical 
precious metals without the necessity of taking delivery of the physical precious metals, and to enable 
investors to buy and sell that interest through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
How does the product give exposure to physical precious metal? 
The Metal Securities are backed by physical precious metal held in secure vaults of custodians. Upon 
redemption of a Metal Security directly with the Issuer, an Authorised Participant will generally receive an 
amount of physical precious metal with a weight equivalent to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Metal 
Securities being redeemed. 
What is a Basket Security? 
A Basket Security is a Metal Security which provides an exposure to a number of different underlying 
physical precious metals. It is a single security which provides the exposure to the underlying physical 
precious metals by being comprised of a fixed number of Individual Securities of different classes. The 
number of Individual Securities of each class of which the Basket Security is comprised remains the same 
over time. At the date of this document only one category of Basket Security has been issued – 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket – and this provides exposure to each of gold vaulted in 
London, silver, platinum and palladium. For further information on the Basket Securities and details on the 
composition of the WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities please see the section headed 
“Metal Entitlement – Basket Security” in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities). 
How is the product physically backed? 
The Metal Securities are backed by physical precious metal held in secure vaults of the custodians. The 
physical precious metals are held in the name of the Trustee. To ensure its quality, the physical precious 
metal held to back the Metal Securities meets the “Good Delivery” standards set by the London Bullion 
Market Association (LBMA) in the case of gold and silver or the London Platinum and Palladium Market 
(LPPM) in the case of platinum and palladium. 
How is the physical precious metal stored? 
The physical precious metals that back the Metal Securities are held in vaults of the custodians in the name 
of the Trustee. Physical precious metals attributable to the Metal Securities are held in both allocated 
accounts and unallocated accounts. The majority of the physical precious metals are held in an allocated 
account at each custodian with amounts required to process redemptions and, for Bullion other than gold, 
amounts of less than one bar held in an unallocated account. Further explanation of what is meant by the 
terms allocated and unallocated accounts can be found under the heading “Storage” in Part 3 (Precious 
Metals Market Overview) and an explanation of how this applies to the Metal Securities can be found under 
the heading “Custody of Bullion” in Part 1 (General). 
What does it mean to hold bullion in an allocated account? 
An allocated account is held with a custodian. Held in the customer’s name (which, for the Metal Securities, 
means in the name of the Trustee as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security and in its capacity as trustee 
for the Security Holders), the account evidences that uniquely identifiable bars of bullion have been 
“allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held in the custodian’s vault. The customer 
(which for the Metal Securities, means the Trustee as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security and in its capacity as 
trustee for the Security Holders) has full title to the bullion held in the allocated account. As a result, the allocated 
account does not entail any credit risk exposure to the custodian.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
How does the custodian identify the bullion held in the allocated account? 
Bullion may be identified by the custodian based on a combination of criteria: (i) the name of the refiner; 
(ii) the serial number; (iii) its year of manufacture; (iv) its weight and/or (v) its composition and purity 
(“assay”). It is important to recognise that any combination of these may be used to identify an individual bar 
of bullion. Two entirely different bars may be from the same refiner and have the same serial number but 
have a different weight and/or be from a different year. 
Is it possible to know which bars of physical precious metal back the Metal Securities? 
Yes. The Issuer publishes a list of the bars of physical precious metals (the “Bar List”) that are held in 
allocated accounts on its website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and- 
regulatory-reports. 
What does it mean to hold bullion in an unallocated account? 
An unallocated account is also held with a custodian. However, unlike bullion held in an allocated account, 
bullion in an unallocated account does not entitle the customer to a particular bar of bullion and the 
customer’s holding is not segregated from that of other customers or the custodian. Instead, the books and 
records of the custodian record that the customer is entitled to a specific amount of bullion. As the bullion 
is not segregated, the customer (which, for the Metal Securities, means the Trustee as legal mortgagee 
pursuant to the Security and in its capacity as trustee for the Security Holders) has a credit risk exposure to 
the custodian. Bullion in unallocated form is easier to transfer as it simply requires an update of the 
custodian’s books and records rather than movements of physical bullion and for this reason transfers in 
connection with creation and redemption of Metal Securities are carried out in unallocated form. For Bullion 
other than gold, once the level of bullion in an unallocated account reaches an amount equal to one bar, 
that bar can be transferred to an allocated account. 
Are any of the Metal Securities ‘fully allocated’ in connection with creations? 
Yes – each relevant Custodian has extended a facility to the Issuer on the relevant Secured Unallocated 
Accounts for WisdomTree Physical Gold, WisdomTree Core Physical Gold and WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities) to enable 
the full amount of gold Bullion in connection with each creation for WisdomTree Physical Gold, WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold and WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised 
of WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities) to be allocated. Bullion required as part of the redemption 
process may be held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts.  To the extent that the amount of gold held in 
the relevant allocated account exceeds the aggregate amount held in the Secured Metal Accounts, the 
difference (of less than one bar) will be represented by a negative balance in the relevant Secured 
Unallocated Account. 
How is the bullion at the Custodians audited? 
The bullion held at the custodians to back the Metal Securities is audited twice a year by an independent 
metal audit firm – Inspectorate International – who inspect the Bullion held at the Custodians to ensure that 
it matches in all respects the Bullion disclosed as held on the Bar List. The first audit takes place at the start 
of each year of the bullion held at the end of the previous year and then a second audit is carried out at 
random throughout the year. The results of these audits are published by the issuer at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports  
What are the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) and the London Platinum and Palladium 
Market (LPPM)? 
The LBMA and LPPM are two trade associations that coordinate wholesale trading for gold and silver, and 
platinum and palladium, respectively. They maintain and publish ‘Good Delivery’ lists that establish a set of 
criteria that a refiner and its bullion must satisfy before being accepted for trading. For additional information, 
please see http://www.lbma.org.uk and http://www.lppm.com. 
WisdomTree’s physically-backed precious metal ETCs are only backed by Good Delivery bars. 
Is the physical precious metal insured? 
Each custodian is required to maintain such insurance over the precious metal stored in its vaults as it 
believes is commercially reasonable. 
In circumstances where the relevant Bullion is transferred to the Metal Agent, the Metal Agent is required to 
maintain such insurance over the Bullion as it believes is commercially reasonable.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Who are the custodians? 
In respect of physical gold held in London, silver, platinum and palladium, the custodian is HSBC Bank plc. 
In respect of gold held in Zurich in respect of Swiss Gold Metal Securities, the gold is held by JPMorgan 
Chase Bank N.A. or UBS A.G as its sub-custodian. 
Who is the Metal Agent? 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Metal Agent is Metalor Technologies S.A. 
Who is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who meet certain eligibility requirements and who have 
entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. Only Authorised Participants are allowed 
to buy and sell Metal Securities directly with the Issuer. Authorised Participants may, but do not have to, act 
as market makers for the Metal Securities by buying and selling Metal Securities to and from investors either 
on exchange or in over the counter transactions. 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is to act 
as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument. Under security deeds 
and the agreements with the custodians, all the Bullion which backs the Metal Securities is held at each 
custodian in the name of the Trustee and the Trustee must approve all removals of Bullion from those 
accounts. 
What is the Metal Entitlement? 
The Metal Entitlement of a particular class of Metal Securities is the quantity (an amount in fine troy ounces 
in the case of gold or troy ounces in the case of silver, platinum and palladium) of the physical precious 
metal of the relevant type that each Metal Security represents. It is calculated in accordance with a set 
formula and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine 
the value of their investment?). The Metal Entitlement reduces daily by the management fees payable by a 
Security Holder in respect of that class of Metal Security. 
When will the Metal Entitlement of a Metal Security be calculated and published? 
The Metal Entitlement will be calculated and published on the Issuer’s Website on each Business Day. 
What is the cash value of a Metal Security? 
Each Metal Security has an effective entitlement to physical precious metal, and that Metal Entitlement 
reduces each day to reflect the accrual of the fees payable in respect of that Metal Security. Whilst 
Authorised Participants create and redeem Metal Securities directly with the Issuer in exchange for 
physical precious metal most Security Holders will buy and sell their Metal Securities on a stock exchange in 
return for cash. The cash value at which the Metal Securities will trade on exchange is expected to be close 
to the value of the Metal Entitlement of the Metal Securities multiplied by the spot price of the relevant 
physical precious metal. The “spot price” of a type of Bullion is a single price which is set up to twice a day 
and is based on an average of all the buy and sell offers in the market for that type of Bullion. The spot price 
is also known as the “fixing” and is published by the LBMA (for gold and silver) or the London Metal 
Exchange (LME) (for platinum and palladium) on their websites at http://www.lbma.org.uk and 
http://www.lme.com. 
Can an investor deliver or take physical delivery of the underlying physical precious metals? 
Generally only Authorised Participants can deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical precious 
metals. 
A Security Holder of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities is able to take physical delivery of the relevant Bullion by delivery to a Physical Security Holder 
Bank, if the Issuer has confirmed to the Trustee (upon which confirmation the Trustee may rely without any 
obligation to investigate or verify the same) that the following conditions are satisfied: 
1. 
the Security Holder certifies that it is not a UCITS Fund or is otherwise prohibited for legal or 
regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the relevant Bullion; 
2. 
the Issuer is not prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant 
Bullion; and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
3. 
the Security Holder has paid to the Issuer, in cleared funds, the relevant Redemption Fee, this must 
be paid in cash only and is not capable of being offset against the Metal Entitlement upon 
redemption. 
If any of the above conditions are not fulfilled, the proposed redemption will fail. 
Upon an optional Redemption by a Security Holder of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery, the Security Holder must 
submit to the Issuer a valid Redemption Form in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption of Metal 
Securities), this must, amongst other things, specify a Physical Security Holder Bank to which the relevant 
Bullion should be delivered. 
Upon a Compulsory Redemption by a Security Holder of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery, the Security Holder must 
have specified in writing (and in such form as the Issuer shall determine) a Physical Security Holder Bank 
in accordance with Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee). 
In each case, the applicable Metal Agent will, once all conditions have been satisfied, deliver the relevant 
Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank as specified by the Security Holder. 
If and when the relevant Bullion is delivered to the Metal Agent, it will cease to form part of the security for 
the Metal Securities and the Trustee will cease to have any right to, or interest in, that Bullion. The Trustee 
is party to the Metal Agent Agreement and will not have any security interest in the Issuer’s rights against 
the Metal Agent and therefore it will have no right to enforce delivery of the relevant Bullion by the Metal Agent 
to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank and the Trustee will have no responsibility for any failure by 
the Custodian to deliver the Bullion to the Metal Agent, any failure by the Metal Agent to deliver the Bullion 
to the Physical Security Holder Bank or any failure by the Physical Security Holder Bank to account to the 
Security Holder for the relevant Bullion. It is the responsibility of the Security Holder to ensure that it 
provides sufficient information to the Issuer which is adequate to ensure onward delivery or storage of the 
relevant Bullion by the Metal Agent. 
How do I buy and sell Metal Securities? 
Only Authorised Participants may create Metal Securities directly with the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement on 
the relevant date. Generally only Authorised Participants can redeem Metal Securities directly with the 
Issuer at the Metal Entitlement on the relevant date although Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants may (subject to conditions) request physical delivery as explained under the heading ‘Can an 
investor deliver or take physical delivery of the underlying physical precious metals?’ above. 
Once an Authorised Participant creates Metal Securities with the Issuer it can then (i) choose to hold the 
Metal Securities itself; (ii) sell those securities on one of the stock exchanges on which the Metal Securities 
are admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Metal Securities in private off exchange transaction (OTC); or (iv) 
redeem the Metal Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants can buy and sell Metal Securities on any of the stock 
exchanges on which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in the same way as they 
buy and sell other listed securities. 
Transactions in Metal Securities other than those directly with the Issuer can be done at any point during the 
trading day. Such purchases of Metal Securities will generally be done at a “bid price” and any sales of Metal 
Securities intraday will generally be done at an “offer price”. The bid and offer prices of a Metal Security are 
expected to be close to the cash value of the Metal Entitlement of the relevant class of Metal Security on a 
particular day (calculated by reference to the spot price of that precious metal), however, they will not 
match exactly the cash value of the Metal Entitlement because bid and offer prices also take account of 
other market conditions such as market liquidity (supply and demand) at the time that the investor is looking 
to buy or sell their Metal Securities. 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose all of their initial investment by virtue of the movements in the price of the 
underlying physical precious metals. 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and holds their Metal Securities cannot lose more than their initial investment. 
What is the minimum investment?

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The minimum investment is one Metal Security which has a value as described above under “What is the 
cash value of a Metal Security?”. 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged a management fee in respect of the Metal Securities. These are deducted each day 
by a reduction in the Metal Entitlement – further information on the fees is set out under the heading 
“Management Fee” in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities). 
Investors who buy and sell Metal Securities on exchange or in transactions other than with the Issuer may 
also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
What are the costs of redeeming the product? 
The Issuer charges a fee of £500 per redemption carried out by an Authorised Participant directly with the 
Issuer. 
In the event of a compulsory redemption or where a Security Holder is permitted to lodge a Redemption 
Form, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such 
redemption and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and that amount will be charged 
by the Issuer to the Security Holder. 
Upon a compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form in respect of, 
any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, in each 
case elected to be redeemed by way of physical delivery of Bullion, and once the relevant Redemption 
Fee has been paid, the Custodian will then transfer such remaining Bullion to the Metal Agent, the Metal 
Agent will then deduct its fee being the greater of (a) one ounce of Bullion, or (b) 1.00 per cent. of the Bullion 
delivered to it by the Custodian. 
Can the Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the 
Metal Securities? 
The Metal Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by UCITS. Prospective investors 
which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, need to satisfy themselves that an 
investment in the Metal Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them 
pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation 
and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. Failure to comply with such restrictions may 
cause a UCITS which is a Security Holder to be in breach of its compliance obligations under the UCITS 
Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be 
exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national regime.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
The following definitions apply throughout this Prospectus (including the Conditions) unless the context 
otherwise requires: 
“Administration 
Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated 31 December 2012 between 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Issuer providing for certain 
administration, company secretarial and registrar services to be provided 
by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited to the Issuer 
 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with that person; and 
for this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of the entity or person 
 
“Applicant” 
means an Authorised Participant who makes an Application for Metal 
Securities 
 
“Application” 
means an offer by an Authorised Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for 
Metal Securities, being an offer on terms referred to in an Application Form 
and this document and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
“Application Date’’ 
means the Business Day on which a valid Application Form is lodged with 
(or deemed to be lodged with) the Issuer in accordance with the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
 
“Application Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Authorised Participant to the Issuer on 
Application for Metal Securities 
 
“Application Form” 
means an application form used in connection with the Programme and 
includes an Application made through the System and reference to a copy 
of an Application Form or of an Application in the context of an Application 
made through the System includes a copy of a report generated through 
the System containing the details of such Application 
 
“Authorised 
Participant” 
means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Metal Securities and which (a) is a 
securities house or other market professional approved by the Issuer (in its 
absolute discretion); (b) is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an 
Overseas Person; and (c) is not a UCITS Fund 
 
“Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Issuer and another person under 
which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, 
distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in relation to Metal 
Securities and if such agreement is subject to conditions precedent, 
provided that such conditions have been satisfied  
 
“Authorised Person”
means a person authorised for the purposes of FSMA 
 
“Basket Securities” 
means the Initial Basket Securities and any other category of Basket 
Securities that may be created and constituted from time to time 
 
“Board”
means the board of directors of the Issuer 
 
“Bullion”
means any and all of platinum, palladium, silver and gold 
 
“Business Day”
means:

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
(a) in relation to any or all of WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities and WisdomTree 
Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities (and any other Basket 
Security comprised, inter alia, of WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
Securities or WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities) and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, a 
day which is both a London Business Day and a Zurich Business 
Day;  
(b) in relation to WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, WisdomTree 
Physical Gold Securities and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities (and any Basket Security comprised only of WisdomTree 
Physical Silver Securities and WisdomTree Physical Gold 
Securities) and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect thereof, a London Business Day; and 
(c) in relation to WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, a 
day which is both a London Business Day and a Zurich Business 
Day 
“category” 
 
means in relation to Basket Securities, the type of Basket Security 
determined by the mix of different classes of Individual Securities comprised 
in the Basket Security 
 
"Central Bank"
means the Central Bank of Ireland 
 
“Certificated” or 
“Certificated Form”
means not in Uncertificated Form 
 
“class” 
means a class of Individual Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations 
to make payment and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a 
particular metal 
 
“CME”
means the CME Group 
 
“comprised in” and 
“compromised of” 
in relation to a Basket Security means the Individual Securities by reference 
to which the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for 
which a Basket Security (when in Certificated Form) may be surrendered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument and “comprise” and 
“comprised” shall be construed accordingly 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption Form” 
means such certifications and information as is specified in Condition 
7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee), and that are 
made or provided (as the case may be) by the Redeeming Physical Security 
Holder in a form specified by the Issuer 
 
“Compulsory 
Redemption 
Information”
has the meaning as set out in Condition 7.7.6 (Compulsory Redemptions) 
 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions on and subject to which Metal Securities 
are issued in the form set out in the Trust Instrument and as set out in Part 
6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions) 
 
“Controller” 
means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such 
company by virtue of his shareholdings in such company;

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
(c) holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such 
company; 
(d) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the 
parent undertaking of such company; 
(e) is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of 
the voting power in such company; 
(f) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such 
company by virtue of his voting power in such company; 
(g) is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of 
the voting power in the parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the 
parent undertaking of such company by virtue of his voting rights 
“Core Physical Gold 
Custodian 
Agreements” 
means the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the 
Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Core 
Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Core Physical Metal 
Agent” 
means Metalor Technologies S.A. (or its successor), being an entity 
engaged by the Issuer (upon a relevant redemption of WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities) to facilitate the physical delivery of the relevant 
Bullion from the Metal Agent Account to the Physical Security Holder Bank 
 
“Core Physical Metal 
Agent Agreement” 
means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Core 
Physical Gold Metal Agent for the provision of physical Bullion delivery 
services as it applies to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Metal Sale 
Counterparty 
Agreement”
means the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement as it applies in relation 
to the Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Secured 
Allocated Account” 
means the allocated loco London gold Bullion account established in the 
name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Security Deed) with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Secured Allocated 
Account Agreement”
means the Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement as it applies in 
relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated 
Account” 
means the unallocated loco London Bullion account established in the 
name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Security Deed) with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated 
Account Agreement”
means the Initial Secured Unallocated Account Agreement as it applies in 
relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Securities”
means WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Security Deed”
means the Security Deed pertaining to the Pool to which the Core Physical 
Gold Securities are attributable 
 
A19.3.8(b)C

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Subscription 
Unallocated Account”
means the unallocated loco London gold Bullion account established by the 
Issuer with the Initial Custodian in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Core Physical Gold 
Subscription 
Unallocated Account 
Agreement”
means the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement as it applies 
in relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities 
 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement trades and the holding of 
Uncertificated securities administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
 
“Custodian” 
means each of the Initial Custodian and the Swiss Gold Custodian, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual, Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means 
the Initial Custodian;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Initial Custodian; 
and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold 
Custodian 
 
“Custodian 
Agreements” 
means the Initial Custodian Agreements, the Swiss Gold Custodian 
Agreements and the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means 
the Initial Custodian Agreements; 
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Core Physical 
Gold Custodian Agreements; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold 
Custodian Agreements 
 
“Defaulted Obligation” 
means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment of cash or 
delivery of Bullion in respect of the redemption of any Metal Securities when 
due, and such failure is not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice 
requiring remedy of the same 
 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the date of this document the 
persons whose names are listed as such under the heading “Directors, 
Secretary and Advisers” below 
 
“Documents” 
means the Trust Instrument, the Security Deeds, the Custodian 
Agreements, the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, all Authorised 
Participant Agreements, the Service Agreement, the Administration 
Agreement, the Metal Agent Agreements and the Registrar Agreement 
 
“EEA State”
means a member of the European Economic Area 
 
“ESES”
means Euroclear Settlement for Euronext-zone Securities 
 
“ETFSL” 
means ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey, with registered number 88370

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
“EU”
means the European Union 
 
“Euro” or “€”
means euro 
 
"Euronext Dublin"
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
 
“Exempt Person” 
means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an 
Authorised Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business 
comprising a regulated activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need 
to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of FSMA or associated 
secondary legislation 
 
“Extraordinary 
Resolution” 
means in respect of a particular type or particular types taken together of 
Metal Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting 
of the holders of Metal Securities of such type or types by a majority 
consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount 
of such type or types of Metal Securities voting on such resolution or (b) a 
resolution in writing of holders of such type or types of Metal Securities 
holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of such type or types 
of Metal Securities, and in the cases of (a) and (b) where so provided for in 
the Trust Instrument or the Conditions, holders of Basket Securities may for 
these purposes be treated as holders of the relevant class or classes of 
Individual Securities 
 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom and any 
successor thereto 
 
“FCA Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in 
the FCA Handbook 
 
“FCA Handbook”
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance (as amended) 
 
“Final Terms” 
means final terms in or substantially in the form annexed hereto and for final 
terms delivered to the Central Bank or any other party for use in a Europe 
Economic Area State means final terms within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation and for final terms delivered to the FCA or any other 
party for use in the United Kingdom means final terms within the meaning 
of the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
 
“Fixing” 
means in relation to each type of Bullion on any day on which the Relevant 
Market is open for business, the price fixing process or processes 
conducted under or for the purposes of the rules and procedures of the 
Relevant Association to determine a price for that type of Bullion on that 
day at that Fixing or any successor price fixing process or processes 
established or authorised by or on behalf of the Relevant Association 
 
“Fixing Price” 
means, in relation to any Fixing for any type of Bullion, the price determined 
by the Fixing 
 
“FSMA”
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom
 
“Good Delivery” 
means the refining standard and weights of Bullion set by the Relevant 
Association 
 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited, (formerly known as ETFS 
Holdings (Jersey) Limited) a company incorporated and registered in 
Jersey, with registered number 106817 
 
“IBA” 
means ICE Benchmark Administration

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
“Individual Securities” 
means Metal Securities of a class specified in the list in paragraph 4 of Part 
11 (Additional Information) and any other class of Individual securities 
that may be created and constituted from time to time 
 
 
“Initial Basket 
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities 
 
“Initial Custodian” 
means HSBC Bank plc, a company registered in England and Wales the 
registered office of which is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ and a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc or such other person or 
persons (being a member of each Relevant Association) who provides 
custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the Initial 
Custodian Agreements and the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements
 
“Initial Custodian 
Agreements” 
means the Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement and the Initial Subscription Unallocated 
Account Agreement 
 
“Initial Individual 
Metal 
Securities”
means WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, WisdomTree Physical 
Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, and 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities 
 
“Initial Metal Sale 
Counterparty” 
means HSBC Bank plc or such other person as may from time to time be 
the counterparty under the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement and 
the Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
 
“Initial Metal Sale 
Counterparty 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Metal Sale Counterparty providing for the sale of Bullion attributable 
to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of Initial Metal 
Securities from time to time at the request of the Trustee 
 
“Initial Metal 
Securities” 
means the WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, WisdomTree 
Physical Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities and WisdomTree Physical Precious 
Metals Basket Securities 
 
“Initial Secured 
Allocated 
Account” 
means the allocated Bullion account number 19235 established in the name 
of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Initial Security Deeds) 
with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Initial Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement 
 
“Initial Secured 
Allocated 
Account Agreement” 
means the Secured Allocated Account Agreement dated 18 April 2007 
between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Initial 
Security Deeds) and the Initial Custodian pursuant to which the Initial 
Secured Allocated Account is established and operated 
 
“Initial Security 
Deeds”
means the Security Deeds pertaining to the Pools to which the Initial Metal 
Securities are attributable 
 
“Initial Subscription 
Unallocated Account” 
means the unallocated Bullion account number 19236 established by the 
Issuer with the Initial Custodian in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Initial Subscription 
Unallocated Account 
Agreement”
means the Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement dated 18 April 
2007 between the Issuer and the Initial Custodian pursuant to which the 
Initial Subscription Unallocated Account is established and operated 
 
A19.1.3C 
A19.1.3C
A19.3.8(b)C

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
“Initial Zurich Sub-
Custodian” 
means any firm selected by the Initial Custodian to hold platinum or 
palladium on behalf of the Initial Custodian in the firm’s Zurich vault 
premises on a segregated basis, appointed pursuant to the Initial Custodian 
Agreements and whose appointment has been approved by the Trustee 
and the Issuer, currently being Brink’s Global Services Inc. and ViaMat 
International 
 
“Investment Company 
Act”
means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940 
 
“Issuer” 
means WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey with registration number 95996 
 
“Issuer Insolvency 
Event” 
means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its 
debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration 
made against it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to 
the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990 (5) institutes or has instituted 
against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making or an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of 
the institution or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for its 
winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to 
the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator,  conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take  possession of all 
or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or  
restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (9) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (1) to 
(8) (inclusive) above; or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating 
its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts, 
provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument or a Security Deed shall constitute an 
Issuer Insolvency Event 
 
“Issuer’s Website” 
means the website having the following internet address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu 
or such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders and 
the Trustee by RIS announcement 
 
“Jersey”
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
 
“LBMA” 
means The London Bullion Market Association and where the context 
requires includes London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. and London Silver Market 
Fixing Ltd.  
 
A9.1.1

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
“Liability” 
means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, 
judgement, action, proceeding, or other liability whatsoever (including, 
without limitation, in respect of tax) and including any VAT or similar tax 
charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal and professional fees 
and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and “Liabilities” shall be construed 
accordingly 
 
“Listing” 
means admission of the Metal Securities to the UK Official List in 
accordance with the Listing Rules and admission of the Metal Securities to 
trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities (or any 
of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than 
one such market) becoming effective 
 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA from time to time made under section 
73A of FSMA 
 
“LME”
means the London Metal Exchange 
 
“London AM Fix” 
means in relation to platinum, palladium and gold on any day on which the 
Relevant Market is open for business, the morning Fixing for that type of 
Bullion or, if there is only one daily Fixing for that type of Bullion, that daily 
Fixing and in relation to silver on any day on which the London Bullion 
market is open for business, the 12.00 noon silver Fixing 
 
“London Bullion 
market”
means the over-the-counter market in gold and silver co-ordinated by the 
LBMA 
 
“London Business 
Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which commercial banks generally and the London Bullion 
market are open for the transaction of business in London 
 
“London Stock 
Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or any 
of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than 
one such market), as the context may require 
 
“LPPM” 
means The London Platinum and Palladium Market and where the context 
requires includes The London Platinum and Palladium Fixing Company 
Limited 
 
“Main Market”
means the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
 
“Management Fee” 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer in 
consideration for the provision by ManJer or an Affiliate or successor of 
ManJer of all management and administration services in relation to the 
Programme, as set out in Part 1 (General) under the heading “Management 
Fee”, as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly known as ETFS 
Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey, with registered number 106921 
 
“Metal Agent” 
means each of the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent and the Swiss Gold 
Metal Agent and: 
(a) 
in relation to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities means the 
Core Physical Gold Metal Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities means the Swiss 
Gold Metal Agent 
At the date of this Prospectus, the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent and the 
Swiss Gold Metal Agent are the same entity, Metalor Technologies S.A.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
“Metal Agent 
Account” 
means in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities and 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities the unallocated account in the 
name of the applicable Metal Agent, established to receive Bullion from the 
Custodian in connection with a relevant redemption of WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities (as the case may be) by Physical Metal Delivery 
 
“Metal Agent 
Agreement” 
means the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent Agreement and the Swiss Gold 
Metal Agent Agreement and: 
(a) in relation to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities means the 
Core Physical Gold Metal Agent Agreement; and 
(b) in relation to WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities means the Swiss Gold 
Metal Agent Agreement 
 
“Metal Agent Fee” 
means the applicable fee payable by a Security Holder in connection with 
a redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of physical delivery of 
Bullion and pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee), 
or such other amount which (a) in the case of an increase to the Metal Agent 
Fee, will be notified to Security Holders by a RIS  announcement no less 
than 30 days prior to such increased fee becoming effective; or (b) in the 
case of a decrease to the Metal Agent Fee, will be applicable with 
immediate effect and thereafter notified to Security Holders by a RIS 
announcement 
 
“Metal Entitlement” 
means as at any date and in relation to any Metal Security the amount(s) of 
Bullion to which the Security Holder is entitled on Redemption of a Metal 
Security of that class on that date in accordance with Condition 5 (Metal 
Entitlement) 
 
“Metal Sale” 
means in relation to the Redemption of any Metal Securities, settlement of 
the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by sale of Bullion to 
a Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to the Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement and payment of the proceeds of sale to the relevant Security 
Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
 
“Metal Sale 
Counterparty” 
means each of the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty and the Swiss Gold Metal 
Sale Counterparty, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means 
the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Initial Metal Sale 
Counterparty; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Metal 
Sale Counterparty 
 
“Metal Sale 
Counterparty 
Agreement” 
means each of the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement, the Core 
Physical Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement and the Swiss Gold Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means 
the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Core Physical 
Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement; and 
(c) in relation to the Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming 
part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
“Metal Securities”
means Individual Securities and Basket Securities 
 
“MiFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive), as amended 
 
“Official List”
means the official list maintained by Euronext Dublin 
 
“OTC”
means the global over-the-counter market for the trading of Bullion 
 
“ounces” or “oz” 
means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes. A troy 
ounce is slightly heavier than the more common ounces used in the UK and 
the United States, being approximately 1.097 times the weight of the latter 
 
“outstanding” 
means in relation to each type of Metal Securities, all the Metal Securities 
of that type issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an 
entry in the Register other than: 
(a) Metal Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to 
the Trust Instrument; and 
(b) Metal Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant 
to the Trust Instrument, 
provided that for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting 
of the Security Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of the 
Trust Instrument, Metal Securities (if any) which are for the time being held 
by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) ETFSL, (C) any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, (D) any individual Controller of the Issuer or (E) 
any person controlled by any such persons listed in (A) to (D) above shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Metal Securities shall be 
deemed not to be Security Holders 
 
“Overseas Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 
19 of FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United 
Kingdom and whose head office is situated outside the United Kingdom 
 
“Physical Metal 
Delivery” 
means delivery of the relevant Bullion to a Physical Security Holder Bank 
either (a) by way of Redemption by Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 
6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold Securities); or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders 
– WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities); or (b) by Compulsory 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemption) 
 
“Physical Metal 
Delivery Business 
Day”
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which commercial banks are open for the transaction of 
business in Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is open for business 
 
"Physical Metal 
Delivery Terms" 
in relation to the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by Physical Metal 
Delivery means the terms and conditions specified from time to time by the 
Issuer upon which the Issuer will procure delivery to the Security Holder of 
Bullion in physical form in satisfaction of its Redemption Obligations 
 
A9.7.1

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
“Physical Security 
Holder Bank” 
means for the purposes of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities a 
credit institution authorised in Germany and for the purposes of 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities a credit institution authorised in 
any of the United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction 
from time to time agreed between the Issuer and the Core Physical Gold 
Metal Agent, in each case which has agreed to accept deliveries of Bullion 
of the appropriate type to be held on behalf of and on account for the 
Security Holder 
 
“Pool” 
means a separate fund or pool to which Individual Securities of a particular 
class (and Basket Securities to the extent that they are comprised of that 
class of Individual Securities) are attributable 
 
“PRA”
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom 
 
“Principal Amount” 
means in respect of each Metal Security the amount specified in clause 2 
of the Trust Instrument and as set out in paragraph 4 of Part 11 (Additional 
Information) 
 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issue of Metal Securities 
 
“Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor” 
means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of section 3(3) of 
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to 
which section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
(the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying 
assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the 
meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as 
they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such entity, any 
governmental or church plan that is subject to any United States federal, 
state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or any person who holds Metal 
Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets of any such Plan 
or entity 
 
“Prohibited US 
Person” 
means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who 
holds Metal Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a Qualified 
Purchaser 
 
“Prospectus”
means this base prospectus of the Issuer 
 
“Prospectus 
Directive”
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the European 
Council 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation”
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
 
“Prospectus 
Regulation Rules”
means the prospectus rules of the FCA from time to time made under 
sections 73A and 84 of FSMA 
 
“Qualified Purchaser” 
means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company 
Act 
 
“Redeeming Physical 
Security Holder” 
means a holder of Swiss Gold Metal Securities or WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities subject to Redemption by way of Physical Metal 
Delivery 
 
“Redemption” 
means the redemption of Metal Securities by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the Redemption of Metal 
Securities pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee)
 
“Redemption Form” 
means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content depending 
on the method of redemption required or elected for, for such Metal 
Securities) prescribed from time to time by the Issuer requesting 
Redemption of Metal Securities 
 
“Redemption 
Obligations” 
means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Metal Security to 
make payment or deliver Bullion to the relevant Security Holder in 
accordance with the Conditions 
 
“Registers” 
means the registers of Security Holders of each type kept and maintained 
by the Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly  
 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited, or such other 
person as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the 
Registers 
 
“Registrar 
Agreement”
means the registrar agreement dated 31 December 2012 between the 
Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee 
 
“Regulated Market”
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended 
 
“Relevant 
Association” 
means in respect of Good Delivery: 
(a) in respect of platinum and palladium, the LPPM or its successors; and 
(b) in respect of silver and gold, the LBMA or its successors  
 
means in respect of Fixing: 
(a) in respect of platinum and palladium, the LME or its successors; 
(b) in respect of gold IBA or its successors; and 
(c) in respect of silver CME or its successors and Thomson Reuters or its 
successors 
 
“Relevant Market” 
means: 
(a) in respect of platinum and palladium, the Zurich Bullion market; and 
(b) in respect of silver and gold, the London Bullion market 
 
“RIS” 
means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the 
Listing Rules) from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
 
“Rules” 
means the rules (including the rules as to Good Delivery), regulations and 
customs of the LBMA 
 
“Secured Allocated 
Account” 
means the Initial Secured Allocated Account, the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Allocated Account and the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account, 
and 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property thereof, means the Initial 
Secured Allocated Account;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property thereof, means the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Allocated Account; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property thereof, means the Swiss Gold Secured 
Allocated Account

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
“Secured Metal 
Accounts” 
means the Initial Secured Allocated Account, the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account, the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account, 
the Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account, the Swiss Gold 
Secured Allocated Account and the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Accounts, and: 
(a) in relation to any Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to 
the extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means 
the Initial Secured Allocated Account and the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property thereof, means the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Allocated Account and the Core Physical Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold 
Secured Allocated Account and the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Accounts 
 
“Secured Property” 
means in relation to each class of Individual Security (and each category of 
Basket Security to the extent it comprises Individual Securities of that 
class): 
(a) all Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts; and 
(b) the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts 
including all rights of the Issuer in the Custodian Agreements, 
or any part or parts thereof 
 
“Secured Unallocated 
Accounts” 
means the Initial Secured Unallocated Account, the Core Physical Gold  
Secured Unallocated Account and the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Accounts, and 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property thereof, means the Initial 
Secured Unallocated Account;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property thereof, means the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property thereof, means the Swiss Gold Secured 
Unallocated Accounts 
 
“Securities Act”
means the United States Securities Act of 1933 
 
“Security” 
means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the applicable 
Security Deed 
 
“Security Deeds” 
means in respect of each Pool, the security deed pertaining to that Pool in 
each case entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee (and “Security 
Deed” shall be construed accordingly) 
 
“Security Holder”
means a registered holder of Metal Securities 
 
“Security Holder 
Account” 
means: 
(a) in relation to any Initial Metal Securities or other Basket Securities to 
the extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities to be 
Redeemed by delivery of Bullion, an unallocated account with a 
member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a Basket 
Security, one or more unallocated accounts with one or more members

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
of the Relevant Associations) specified by a Security Holder into which 
Bullion of the appropriate type may be deposited;  
(b) in relation to any Swiss Gold Metal Securities to be Redeemed by Metal 
Delivery, (1) pursuant to a redemption in accordance with Condition 6.2 
(Redemption by Authorised Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption 
by Other Security Holders) either an unallocated loco Zurich account 
with the Custodian, the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian or any other 
gold bullion clearing bank in Zurich or an unallocated loco London or 
loco Zurich account with the Swiss Gold Custodian or any other 
member of the Relevant Association, in each case specified by a 
Security Holder into which gold may be deposited; or (2) pursuant to a 
Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery, a Physical Security 
Holder Bank; and  
(c) in relation to any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be 
redeemed by Metal Delivery, (1) pursuant to a redemption in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption 
by 
Authorised 
Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) 
an unallocated account with a member of the Relevant Association 
specified by a Security Holder into which gold may be deposited; or (2)  
pursuant to a Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery, a Physical 
Security Holder Bank 
“Service Agreement” 
means the Service Agreement dated 18 April 2007 (as amended and 
novated), between ManJer or an Affiliate or successor of ManJer and the 
Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by ManJer or an Affiliate 
or successor of ManJer to the Issuer in relation to the Metal Securities 
 
“Settlement Date” 
means: 
(a) in relation to an Application the date two Business Days after the 
Application Date; and 
(b) in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
by Authorised Participants); Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders); Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security 
Holders –WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 
6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities), the date determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.12 (Settlement Date) 
 
“Silver Sub-
Custodian” 
means any firm selected by the Initial Custodian to hold silver on behalf of 
the Initial Custodian in the firm’s London vault premises on a segregated 
basis, appointed pursuant to the Initial Custodian Agreements and whose 
appointment has been approved by the Trustee and the Issuer, currently 
being Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd 
 
“Sterling” or “£”
means pounds sterling 
 
“Sub-Custodians” 
means sub-custodians, agents or depositories appointed by the Initial 
Custodian or the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to the Initial Custodian 
Agreements or the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements (respectively) to 
perform any of its duties under the applicable Custodian Agreements 
including the custody and safe-keeping of Bullion but excluding any Silver 
Sub-Custodian or any Zurich Sub- Custodian in its role as such, currently 
being: 
(a) in the case of the Initial Custodian, the Bank of England (with respect 
to gold only), The Bank of Nova Scotia (ScotiaMocatta), JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., UBS AG, Johnson Matthey plc (with respect to silver 
only), Brink’s Global Services Inc., Loomis International, ICBC 
Standard Bank plc and Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd; and 
(b) in the case of the Swiss Gold Custodian, Brink’s Global Services Inc. 
and Loomis International

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
“Subsidiary” 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 
2006 
 
“Subscription 
Unallocated 
Accounts” 
means the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account, the Core Physical Gold 
Subscription Account and the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated 
Accounts, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities or other Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities means the 
Initial Subscription Unallocated Account;  
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities means the Core Physical 
Gold Subscription Unallocated Account; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities means the Swiss Gold 
Subscription Unallocated Accounts 
 
“Swiss Gold 
Custodian” 
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
organised under the laws of the United States of America, whose principal 
place of business in England is at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London 
EI4 5PJ or such other person or persons (being a member of each Relevant 
Association) who provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time 
pursuant to the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements 
 
“Swiss Gold 
Custodian 
Agreements” 
means the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the Swiss 
Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Swiss Gold 
Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Swiss Gold Metal 
Agent” 
means Metalor Technologies S.A. (or its successor), being an entity 
engaged by the Issuer (upon a relevant redemption of WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities) to facilitate the physical delivery of the 
relevant Bullion from the Metal Agent Account to the Physical Security 
Holder Bank  
 
“Swiss Gold Metal 
Agent Agreement” 
means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Swiss Gold 
Metal Agent for the provision of physical Bullion delivery services as it 
applies to WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
 
“Swiss Gold Metal 
Sale Counterparty” 
means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. or such other person as may from time 
to time be the counterparty under the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement 
 
“Swiss Gold Metal 
Sale Counterparty 
Agreement” 
means the agreement dated 11 December 2009 between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. providing for the sale of Bullion 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of Swiss 
Gold Metal Securities from time to time at the request of the Trustee 
 
“Swiss Gold Metal 
Securities”
means WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
 
“Swiss Gold Secured 
Allocated Account” 
means the allocated loco Zurich Bullion account number 40738 established 
in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Swiss Gold 
Security Deed) with the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to the Swiss Gold 
Secured Allocated Account Agreement 
 
“Swiss Gold Secured 
Allocated Account 
Agreement” 
means the Secured Allocated Account Agreement dated 11 December 
2009 between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the 
Swiss Gold Security Deed) and the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to which 
the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account is established and operated 
 
“Swiss Gold Secured 
means the unallocated loco London Bullion account number 01312 and the 
unallocated loco Zurich Bullion account number 01310, each established in 
 
A19.3.8(b)C

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Unallocated 
Accounts” 
the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Swiss Gold 
Security Deed) with the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to the Swiss Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account 
Agreement” 
means the Secured Unallocated Account Agreement dated 11 December 
2009 and an amendment deed to the Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement dated 28 December 2017 between the Issuer, the Trustee (as 
legal mortgagee pursuant to the Swiss Gold Security Deed) and the Swiss 
Gold Custodian pursuant to which the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Accounts are established and operated 
 
“Swiss Gold Security 
Deed”
means the Security Deed pertaining to the Pool to which the Swiss Gold 
Metal Securities are attributable 
 
“Swiss Gold 
Subscription 
Unallocated 
Accounts”
means the unallocated loco London Bullion account number 01314 and the 
unallocated loco Zurich Bullion account number 01313, each established 
by the Issuer with the Swiss Gold Custodian in the name of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
 
“Swiss Gold 
Subscription 
Unallocated Account 
Agreement”
means the Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement dated 11 
December 2009 between the Issuer and the Swiss Gold Custodian 
pursuant to which the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Accounts are 
established and operated 
 
“Swiss Gold Zurich 
Sub-Custodian” 
means currently UBS AG, and any other firm selected by the Swiss Gold 
Custodian to hold gold on behalf of the Swiss Gold Custodian in the firm’s 
Zurich vault premises on a segregated basis, appointed pursuant to the 
Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements and whose appointment has been 
approved by the Trustee and the Issuer 
 
“System” 
means the system for requesting the issue and redemption of Metal 
Securities via the secure website intended to be maintained by the Issuer 
for such purpose as described under the heading “The System” in Part 4 
(Description of Metal Securities) 
 
“Transparency 
Directive”
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council 
 
“Transparency Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the UK Listing 
Authority from time to time, made under section 73A of the FSMA 
 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as such 
under the Trust Instrument and includes any replacement trustee under the 
Trust Instrument 
 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the trust instrument dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer and the 
Trustee constituting the Metal Securities 
 
“type” 
means, in relation to Individual Securities, a class thereof and, in relation to 
Basket Securities, the category thereof 
 
“UCITS Fund” 
means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS 
directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities 
subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme 
 
“UCITS Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” 
contained in the FCA Glossary

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
“UK Listing Authority” 
means the FCA acting in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of Part VI of FSMA or any successor enactment 
 
“UK Official List” 
means the official list maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the 
purposes of Part VI of FSMA 
 
"UK Prospectus 
Regulation"      
means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of 
UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
 
“Uncertificated” or 
“Uncertificated Form” 
means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to 
which, by virtue of the Jersey Companies (Uncertificated Securities) 
(Jersey) Order 1999, is to be transferred by means of CREST 
 
“United Kingdom” or 
“UK”
means United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
 
“United States”
means the United States of America 
 
“US Person”
means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
 
“US dollars” or “US$”
means United States dollars 
 
“VAT”
means value added tax 
 
“Zurich Bullion 
market”
means the over-the-counter market in platinum and palladium coordinated 
by the LPPM 
 
“Zurich Business 
Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
Zurich) on which commercial banks and the Zurich Bullion market 
are generally open for the transaction of business in Zurich 
 
“Zurich Sub-
Custodian” 
means the Initial Zurich Sub-Custodian and the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-
Custodian, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any Basket Securities to the extent 
comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion 
forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the 
Initial Zurich Sub-Custodian; and 
(b) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part 
of the Secured Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold 
Zurich Sub-Custodian 
 
References in this document to a particular time are, unless otherwise stated, references to the time 
applicable in London, United Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation 
as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK 
legislation in relation to the "on-shoring" of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 
46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be 
construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation therefore any references to the Prospectus Directive 
in this Prospectus are to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation and any reference to 
any particular provision of the Prospectus Directive is to be construed accordingly. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or documents 
includes a reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
replaced from time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires references in this 
document to any statute or any provision of any statute include a reference to any statutory modification 
or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or any such 
modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
A9.4.5 
A9.6.1 
A9.4.5 
A19.3.7C 
A9.6.1 
A19.3.8(b)C 
A19.3.7C 
A9.6.1 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
 
Directors of the Issuer 
Stuart Bell 
Christopher Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter M. Ziemba 
All the Directors are non-executive 
 
Secretary of the Issuer
 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Ltd 
 
Administrator of the Issuer
 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Ltd 
 
Registered office of the Issuer and 
address of directors and secretary 
of the Issuer 
 
The address of all the Directors and the Secretary of the Issuer is 
the registered office of the Issuer, which is:  
 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road  
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW  
Channel Islands 
Tel: +44 1534 825200 
http://www.wisdomtree.eu/ 
 
Management and administrative 
service provider 
WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands 
Initial Custodian 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ  
United Kingdom 
 
Swiss Gold Custodian 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch 
25 Bank Street  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5PJ  
United Kingdom 
 
Trustee 
 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate  
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
 
English Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
 
W Legal Limited 
47 Red Lion Street  
London WC1R 4PF  
United Kingdom 
 
English Tax Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
 
Dechert LLP 
160 Queen Victoria Street  
London, EC4V 4QQ  
United Kingdom 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 
22 Grenville Street  
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PX  
Channel Islands

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
Austrian Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH  
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna  
Austria  
Belgian Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Janson Baugniet SCRL 
187 Chaussée de la Hulpe  
1170 Brussels  
Belgium  
Danish Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
DLA Piper Denmark Law Firm P/S  
Raadhuspladsen 4 
DK-1550 Copenhagen V  
Denmark 
Dutch Legal Advisers to the Issuer 
Stibbe  
Strawinskylaan 2001 
1077 ZZ Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
Dutch Listing and Paying Agent 
Fortis Bank (Nederland) N.V. 
Rokin 55 
1012 KK. Amsterdam  
The Netherlands  
Finnish Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Dittmar & Indrenius  
Pohjoisesplanadi 25 A  
FI-00100 Helsinki  
Finland 
French Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Dechert LLP 
32 Rue de Monceau 75008 
Paris 
France  
French Listing and Paying Agent 
HSBC France 
103 Avenue des Champs-Elysées  
75008 Paris 
France 
German Legal Adviser to the 
Issuer 
Dechert LLP Skygarden 
Erika-Mann Straße, 5 
80636 Munich  
Germany  
German Listing and Paying Agent 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG  
Königsallee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf  
Germany 
Irish Listing and Paying Agent 
A&L Goodbody  
IFSC 
North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Studio Legale Crocenzi e Associati  
Lungotevere degli Altoviti, 1  
00186 Roma  
Italy

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A14.7.1C 
A9.2.1 
A14.4.3.(b)C 
Norwegian Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS  
Dokkveien 1 
6th Floor  
0250 Oslo  
Norway 
 
Spanish Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Cuatrecasas, Gonçalves Pereira  
C/Almagro, 9-28010 
Madrid  
Spain 
Swedish Legal Advisers to the 
Issuer 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB  
Hamngatan 15 
Box 7225 
103 89 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
English Legal Advisers to the 
Trustee 
Simmons & Simmons LLP CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street  
London EC2Y 9SS  
United Kingdom 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the 
Trustee 
Ogier 
Ogier House  
The Esplanade  
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG  
Channel Islands 
 
Auditors of the Issuer 
Ernst & Young LLP  
Liberation House 
Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey  
Channel Islands JE1 1EY 
 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited  
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JEi 1ES 
Channel Islands

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
A9.2.2 
A9.8.2 
41 
A9.8.2.a.4 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and the FCA and are 
incorporated in this document by reference and are available in electronic form at the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ie/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey 
Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed below are entitled  ‘WisdomTree Metal Securities Ltd – 
Annual Account 2020) and at the registered office of the Issuer as set out in paragraph 7 of Part 11 
(Additional Information):  
1. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019, as 
published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 13 
May 2020; and 
2. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020, as 
published by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange on 15 
April 2021. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of any 
websites or web pages referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
EMPHASIS OF MATTER   
The Issuer notes that the published audited reports and accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (the “2019 Issuer Accounts”) are incorporated into the Prospectus by reference.  In the 
2019 Issuer Accounts, the Auditors of the Issuer included an emphasis of matter.  The full text of the 
emphasis of matter is as follows:   
‘We draw attention to Note 2, Note 12(f)(i) and Note 13 of the financial statements, which describes 
the economic and social disruption the company is facing as a result of COVID-19 which is 
impacting financial markets and creating greater volatility in metal bullion prices. Our opinion is not 
modified in respect of this matter.’  
The reasons for such emphasis of matter, as set out in the 2019 Issuer Accounts are summarised, below.  
The full text of the Notes referenced in the emphasis of matter are available in the 2019 Issuer Accounts. 
The value of the Issuer’s liability in respect of the Metal Securities fluctuates according to the Metal Bullion 
prices and the risk of such change in price is managed by the Issuer by holding Metal Bullion in the same 
quantity as its liability. Therefore, the Issuer bears no financial risk from a change in the price of Metal 
Bullion.  
However, there is an inherent risk from the point of view of investors as the price of Metal Bullion and the 
value of the Metal Securities may vary widely due to, amongst other things, changing supply or demand 
for Metal Bullion, government and monetary policy or intervention and global or regional political, economic 
or financial events.   
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19)  
On 11 March 2020, the Director-General of the World Health Organisation (“WHO”) announced that the 
WHO had assessed the worldwide outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. National governments and 
supranational organisations in multiple states have taken steps designed to protect their populations from 
COVID-19, including requiring or encouraging home working, the cancellation of sporting, cultural and 
other events and restricting or discouraging gatherings of people.  
COVID-19 has created market turmoil and increased market volatility generally. The steps outlined above, 
and public sentiment, may affect both the volatility and prices of commodities and hence the prices of the 
Securities, and such effects may be significant and may be long-term in nature.  
 The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
which is fluid and rapidly changing.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
The market price of Metal Securities is (and will remain) a function of supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Metal Securities and the bid-offer spread that the market makers are 
willing to quote.   
The directors are closely monitoring the advice and developments relating to the spread of COVID-19, 
particularly with its impact on ManJer, its assets under management, and therefore its related revenue 
streams, in respect of fulfilling the obligations under the services agreement. The directors acknowledge 
that any impacts on the amounts reported by the Issuer, including subsequent movements in the fair value 
of assets or securities in issue, are non-adjusting from an IFRS perspective. The directors’ consideration 
in respect of the going concern position of the Issuer is set out in Note 2.  
Other than as noted above, no significant events have occurred since the end of the reporting period up to 
the date of signing the Financial Statements which would impact on the financial position of the Issuer 
disclosed in the Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2020 or on the results and cash flows 
of the Issuer for the year ended on that date.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
A14.6.4C 
A19.2.2.3C 
A19.2.2.4C 
A17.2.1.2C 
A14.4.9(a)C 
PART 1 
GENERAL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has created and made available for issue seven different types of securities, all collectively 
called WisdomTree Metal Securities or Metal Securities. 
Metal Securities are intended to offer investors means of investing in the precious metals market without the 
necessity of taking physical delivery of or storing Bullion. Investors can buy and sell Metal Securities through 
the trading of securities listed on the London Stock Exchange (and on any other exchange to which they 
may be admitted to trading from time to time). 
Metal Securities have an effective notional entitlement to a type of Bullion, the Metal Entitlement, 
(expressed as a quantity of the relevant precious metal) which aims (before management fees) to provide an 
investor with the same return that they would gain from investing directly in precious metal. The physical 
nature of the product arises because applications for and redemptions of Metal Securities are, in general, 
satisfied in precious metal of the relevant type, which is stored in safe custody with the relevant Custodian. 
Only Bullion that confirms to the rules of Good Delivery of, in the case of gold and silver, the London Bullion 
Market Association (LBMA) or, in the case of platinum and palladium, the London Platinum and Palladium 
Market (LPPM). Each physical bar of metal is segregated, individually identified and allocated. 
As a result of the Application and Redemption processes the Metal Securities are physically backed and 
maintain a direct relationship to the value of the underlying precious metal. 
The precise rights attached to the Metal Securities, including deductions in respect of management fees and 
how they are applied, are set out in the Conditions which are reproduced in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the 
Conditions) and described in more detail below and in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities), and an 
illustration of the effect of these rights, including worked examples, is set out in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder Determine the Value of their Investment?). 
General Description of Metal Securities 
A Metal Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which entitles a 
Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to require redemption of the Metal Security and on 
the Settlement Date receive an amount of bullion equal to the Metal Entitlement on that date.  A Security 
Holder who is not an Authorised Participant is also entitled to require redemption of a Metal Security if on 
any given Business Day there is no Authorised Participant or in certain circumstances announced by the 
Issuer, in which case the Security Holder will be paid the proceeds of sale of the Metal Entitlement in US 
dollars rather than in Bullion, unless the Security Holder has elected to the contrary and certain conditions 
are met.  
In addition 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of Bullion of its WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which banks are open for business in Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is open 
for business, and 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of Bullion of its WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) 
on which banks and the London Bullion market are open for business in London, 
in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive physical delivery of 
an amount of Bullion representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions) to its 
Physical Security Holder Bank. 
The Metal Securities are backed by physical Bullion in a vault (i.e. each Metal Security is secured by 
“allocated” Bullion which complies with the “Good Delivery” standards set by the Relevant Association, 
other than amounts of less than one bar (for Bullion other than gold) or amounts held on a temporary basis 
in unallocated form for settlement purposes).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
A19.2.4.C 
A19.2.214B
A19.2.214B 
Metal Entitlement 
There will be a separate Metal Entitlement for each class of Individual Security denominated in fine troy 
ounces of gold or troy ounces of palladium, platinum or silver. The Metal Entitlement of each class of 
Individual Security is adjusted on each day by the Management Fee. 
The Metal Entitlement of the Basket Securities is the aggregate of the Metal Entitlements of the Individual 
Securities of which they are comprised. 
Whenever new Metal Securities of any type are issued or existing such securities redeemed, this will be 
done at the then prevailing Metal Entitlement, thereby ensuring that all securities of the same type have the 
same Metal Entitlement, are fully fungible and are backed by the same assets. Whenever new Metal 
Securities of a class contemplated by this Prospectus are issued, details will be set out in Final Terms 
prepared by the Issuer. 
Further details of the determination of the Metal Entitlement and the Management Fees are set out under the 
heading “Metal Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities) and worked examples are provided 
in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Listing and Trading 
All Metal Securities are fully transferable. The Issuer will apply to Euronext Dublin for all Metal Securities 
issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and 
investors should be aware that there is no trading facility for the Metal Securities there. The Issuer has 
applied to the FCA for all of the Metal Securities to be issued within 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for all of such Metal 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Investors should 
be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market are not offers made 
under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to trading 
for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Certain of the Metal Securities have also been admitted to listing on Euronext Amsterdam (traded on the 
single order book of NYSE Euronext Paris SA), on the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter 
Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) and on the 
ETFplus market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
In order to provide liquidity to investors and minimise tracking error, the Issuer has appointed multiple 
Authorised Participants, making a market on the London Stock Exchange in some or all of the Metal 
Securities (or on the other exchange on which the Metal Securities are admitted to trading). Authorised 
Participants have the right to effect applications or redemptions, and Security Holders, in certain 
circumstances, have the right to effect redemptions – see below under “Applications and Redemptions” and 
Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities) under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” for further details. 
The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on the London Stock Exchange is two business 
days (T+2). 
Any announcements made by the Issuer by RIS will be available, free of charge, on the website of the 
London Stock Exchange, http://www.londonstockexchange.com. 
Custody of Bullion 
Platinum and palladium on which Metal Securities will be secured will be held by the Initial Custodian at its 
London vault premises or by one or more Initial Zurich Sub-Custodians at their Zurich vault premises. Silver 
and gold (other than gold attributable to WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) will be held by the 
Initial Custodian at its London vault premises or, in the case of silver, by up to two Silver Sub- Custodians 
at their vault premises. Gold attributable to the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities will be held in 
Switzerland by the Swiss Gold Custodian or by the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian at its Zurich vault 
premises. 
Such Bullion may be held elsewhere by the relevant Custodian or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the 
relevant Custodian or by a delegate of a Sub-Custodian but only on a temporary basis prior to Bullion being 
transported to such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process. All such Bullion will be

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
held in the Secured Metal Accounts where it will be held in “allocated” form (that is, as uniquely identifiable 
Good Delivery bars). A small portion may be held in unallocated form on a short term basis when Bullion 
is in the process of being allocated or de-allocated for a creation or redemption, or (in respect of Bullion 
other than gold) where it cannot be held in whole bars. 
HSBC Bank plc, which is a subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc, is the Custodian of the Bullion held in the 
Secured Metal Accounts in relation to the Metal Securities other than the Swiss Gold Metal Securities. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the PRA and the FCA. 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., the London branch of which is regulated by the FCA and which is a subsidiary 
of JPMorgan Chase & Co., is the Custodian of the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts in relation to 
the Swiss Gold Metal Securities. 
All Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts will be the subject of a fixed charge or legal mortgage in 
favour of the Trustee under the Security Deeds to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer to the Trustee and 
the Security Holders in respect of Individual Securities of the relevant class (and Basket Securities to the 
extent comprised of Individual Securities of that class). 
Where a Security Holder (which is not an Authorised Participant) requires the redemption of its 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of 
Physical Metal Delivery representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions), 
such Bullion will be transferred from the Custodian’s Secured Metal Accounts to the applicable Metal Agent 
Account, where it will be held in unallocated form. When the Bullion is transferred out of the Secured Metal 
Accounts, the fixed charge, or legal mortgage in favour of the Trustee under the Security Deeds, will fall 
away. The Settlement Date for such a redemption is the date the Bullion is received into the relevant 
unallocated Metal Agent Account, and not the date such Bullion is received with the Security Holder’s 
Physical Security Holder Bank, which could be five business days (or an additional period determined by 
the Metal Agent up to a further three business days) and where any Security Holder is to receive more 
than 250kg, the Metal Agent a further one week per tonne (1,000kg) or part of a tonne, later. 
At the date of this Prospectus Metalor Technologies SA is the Metal Agent in relation to WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities. 
Once the Metal Agent has received the relevant Bullion, it must then (after making all relevant deductions) 
transfer the Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank as specified by the Security Holder. 
Further details of the Custodians and the arrangements for the storage of Bullion are set out under the 
heading “Storage and Insurance of Bullion” in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian Agreements and the Metal 
Agent Agreement) and a summary of the terms of the Secured Metal Accounts agreements is set out under 
the heading “The Secured Metal Accounts Agreements” in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian Agreements 
and the Metal Agent Agreement). 
Further details of the Metal Agent and the arrangements for the delivery of Bullion are set out under the 
heading “Storage and Insurance of Bullion” in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian Agreements and the Metal 
Agent Agreement) and a summary of the terms of the Metal Agent Agreement is set out under the heading 
“The Metal Agent Agreement” in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian Agreements and the Metal Agent 
Agreement). 
Contract Structure and Flow of Funds for Metal Securities 
Metal Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument, the 
Trustee acts as trustee for the Security Holders of each type of Metal Security. The Bullion is the subject of 
fixed charges under the Security Deeds in favour of the Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the Issuer 
to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of the Metal Securities. The fixed charge over the Bullion 
is released if the Bullion is being transferred by the Custodian to the Metal Agent. Under the Custodian 
Agreements the relevant Custodian acknowledges the Security created in favour of the Trustee and agrees 
that once Bullion is deposited in the Secured Metal Accounts, it may only be removed after approval from 
the Trustee. 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Individual Security (and each category of Basket 
Security to the extent it comprises Individual Securities of that class) will be secured by a charge over the 
equivalent class of Bullion in the Secured Metal Accounts held by the Issuer and over the rights of the 
Issuer in respect of those Secured Metal Accounts under the relevant Custodian Agreements.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
A19.3.1A 
A19.3.4.1(a)A
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below: 
 
 
The following is a summary of the flow of funds and assets attributable to the Metal Securities as 
represented by the above diagram: 
Metal Securities can be bought and sold for cash on the London Stock Exchange, and certain of the Metal 
Securities can also be bought or sold for cash on Borsa Italiana, NYSE Euronext Paris SA, Euronext 
Amsterdam and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (being the other stock exchanges on which the Metal 
Securities are admitted to trading) rather than directly from the Issuer. The cash used to settle these 
transactions is never delivered to the Issuer. Market makers work to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity 
on those stock exchanges. To aid this process, the Issuer has entered into agreements (known as 
Authorised Participant Agreements) with certain financial institutions – Authorised Participants – whereby 
it has agreed to issue and redeem Metal Securities to those Authorised Participants on an ongoing basis. 
Further details about the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are set out under the heading 
“Authorised Participant Agreements” in Part 11 (Additional Information). 
Upon creation of Metal Securities, an Authorised Participant must deliver Bullion with an aggregate weight 
equal to the Metal Entitlement of the Metal Securities into the Secured Metal Accounts. Only once the 
Bullion has been received will the Issuer create the Metal Securities and deliver them to the Authorised 
Participant via CREST. Further details about settlement of the Metal Securities in CREST can be found 
under the heading “Settlement” in Part 5 (The Programme). 
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Metal Securities on a stock exchange, sell the Metal Securities 
in off exchange transactions (known as “OTC” or “Over-the-Counter” transactions) or keep the Metal 
Securities to hold themselves. The creation process is described in more detail under the heading 
“Applications and Redemptions” below. 
Once the Metal Securities are created the Bullion will be held with all other Bullion attributable to the Metal 
Securities in the Secured Metal Accounts at the relevant Custodian in the name of the Trustee. 
If an Authorised Participant requests Redemption of Metal Securities, they must return those Metal 
Securities into CREST and in return will receive Bullion equivalent to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of 
the Metal Securities which are being redeemed through a transfer from the Secured Metal Accounts. The 
Redemption process is described in more detail under the heading “Applications and Redemptions” below. 
Issuer 
Service 
 
Physical Security  
Holder Bank 
 
 
Secured Metal 
Accounts 
(and Bullion) 
 
 
 
(Unallocated Account) 
Subscription  
Unallocated Account 
ManJer 
Security Holders 
Authorised Participant 
Trustee 
Custodian
Metal Securities 
Market-making 
Custodian 
Agreements 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreements 
Trust Instrument 
Security Deeds

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
A19.3.3B 
A19.3.4.6A 
If holders who are not Authorised Participants wish to give up their holding of Metal Securities, they must 
generally sell them either on one of the stock exchanges on which the Metal Securities are admitted to 
trading or in a private transaction. Such sale would typically be for cash rather than Bullion. Generally, 
Metal Securities will only be issued to Authorised Participants and only Authorised Participants will be able 
to require redemption of them. In circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants or as the Issuer 
may in its sole discretion determine, Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants may require 
redemption of their securities directly with the Issuer. In this case, the Security Holder will be paid the 
proceeds of sale of the Metal Entitlement in US dollars rather than in Bullion, unless the Security Holder 
has elected to the contrary and certain conditions are met.  
In addition: 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption of its WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities by way 
of physical delivery of Bullion on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which banks are open for business in Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is 
open for business, and 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of Bullion of its WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which banks and the London Bullion market are open for business in London, 
in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive physical delivery of 
an amount of Bullion representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions) into 
its Physical Security Holder Bank. 
Applications and Redemptions 
Metal Securities can be issued or redeemed at any time by Authorised Participants, and, in certain 
circumstances, can also be redeemed by Security Holders, subject to conditions. The issue and 
redemption mechanism is intended to ensure that Metal Securities have sufficient liquidity and that the 
price at which they trade on the London Stock Exchange tracks the relevant Bullion price (before fees). 
Only an Authorised Participant may apply for or (unless there are at any given time no Authorised 
Participants or as otherwise announced or in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be redeemed by Security Holders by way of physical delivery 
of Bullion) redeem Metal Securities - all other persons must buy and sell Metal Securities through trading 
on the London Stock Exchange (or any other exchange to which they may from time to time be admitted 
to trading). 
Metal Securities will only be issued on receipt of a valid Application Form and when Bullion (deposited by 
the Authorised Participant into the applicable Subscription Unallocated Account) in an amount equal to the 
required Metal Entitlement is transferred to the applicable Secured Unallocated Account (and thereafter to 
the applicable Secured Allocated Account). 
Metal Securities will only be cancelled upon receipt of a valid Redemption Form and the delivery of the 
relevant Metal Securities to the Issuer on the Settlement Date, whereupon the relevant amount of Bullion will 
be processed out of the relevant Secured Unallocated Accounts. Upon a compulsory redemption of, or 
where a Security Holder lodges a valid redemption Form in respect of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, in each case elected to be redeemed by way of 
physical delivery of Bullion, such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities will only be cancelled by the Issuer upon receipt of the Redemption Fee in cleared 
funds from the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee), and 
confirmation from the Custodian that relevant Bullion has been deposited in the relevant Metal Agent Account. 
The Settlement Date for such redemptions is the date the relevant Bullion is deposited in the Metal Agent 
Account from the Secured Metal Accounts by the Custodian. 
Upon an optional Redemption by a Security Holder of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery, the Security Holder must 
submit to the Issuer a valid Redemption Form in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption of Metal 
Securities).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
A9.4.1 
A9.5.1 
 
A19.3.2A 
A19.3.3B 
 
A9.7 
A19.3.7C 
Upon a Compulsory Redemption by a Security Holder of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery, the Security Holder must 
have specified in writing (and in such form as the Issuer shall determine) a Physical Security Holder Bank 
in accordance with Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee). 
Further details in relation to the Application and Redemption processes are set out in Part 4 (Description of 
Metal Securities). Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, which are set 
out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions). 
Security Structure 
A security structure has been established to provide security for the Redemption Obligations of the Issuer to 
Security Holders upon redemption of Metal Securities. 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so 
that the Issuer can issue separate types of securities, based on different types of Bullion or combinations 
of types of Bullion or having some other different characteristics, but on terms that each such separate 
class of securities would have recourse only to the Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets 
attributable to any other class. The assets and liabilities attributable to each class of Individual Security 
(and the Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such Individual Securities) will represent the Pool for 
that class. 
Thus there are six separate Pools applicable to Metal Securities. A single Pool secures all Individual 
Securities of a single class and all Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such Individual Securities. 
Metal Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee 
as trustee for Securities Holders of each type. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements under the Trust 
Instrument on trust for the Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a separate Security Deed in respect of each Pool. 
The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under each Security Deed are held by the Trustee on trust 
for the Security Holders of that particular class of Metal Security. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out under the heading in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the 
Conditions). Further details of the Security Deeds are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of Security Deeds). 
The Issuer and ManJer 
The Issuer is a public company incorporated in Jersey for the purpose of issuing Metal Securities and 
entering into the Documents and to issue other types of securities (and enter into agreements relating 
thereto) relating to Bullion or other types of metals, whether precious metals or base metals. The Issuer has 
not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Metal Securities will be assigned credit 
ratings. 
The shares in the Issuer are all held by HoldCo, a company incorporated in Jersey to act as the holding 
company of the Issuer and which is itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. The 
Issuer is neither directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Issuer 
is dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it, as further described 
below under the heading “Administration and Registrar Services”. 
ManJer intends to promote and to provide management and other services to the Issuer and currently also 
provides such services to WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 Park 
Avenue, 35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. is the ultimate 
holding company of a group of companies which include the Issuer, ManJer and HoldCo WisdomTree 
Investments, Inc. through its subsidiaries operates as an exchange traded product sponsor and asset 
manager. It also licences its indices to third parties.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
A19.3.7C 
A19.3.7C 
A19.3.7C 
Administration and Registrar Services 
Pursuant to the Service Agreement, ManJer supplies certain management and administration services to 
the Issuer and pays all the management and administration costs of the Issuer, including the fees of R&H 
(as defined below), the Registrar, the Trustee and the Custodians. 
ManJer may engage third parties to provide some or all of these services. The Service Agreement may be 
terminated by ManJer at any time on three months’ notice or earlier in the event of certain breaches or the 
insolvency of either party. 
ManJer is a company incorporated in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. It was incorporated 
on 16 November 2010 and its registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, JE4 8PW, 
Channel Islands and it is ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree Investments, Inc. 
The Issuer has entered into a corporate administration agreement with R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited (the “Administrator” or “R&H”) whereby R&H will perform certain administration duties for the 
Issuer (including acting as receiving agent). R&H is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 29 November 1988. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar have entered into an agreement pursuant to which the Registrar is 
to provide registry and associated services. The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. The 
Registrar is a Jersey company which was incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on    2 
September 1999. 
Further, certain directors of the Issuer and ManJer have been involved in establishing and operating 
exchange traded products and exchange traded fund companies and related service companies, in 
particular, WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited and WisdomTree Issuer plc. 
Management Fee 
In return for ManJer supplying to the Issuer all management and administration services, the Issuer is liable 
under the Service Agreement to transfer to ManJer by way of a fee amounts of Bullion equal to the 
Management Fee as described in more detail under the heading “Management Fee” in Part 4 (Description of 
Metal Securities). 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer 
The Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer at the date of this document are: 
Stuart Bell 
Stuart M. Bell is a director of Manjer and HoldCo. Mr Bell is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and 
of WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange 
Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Mr Bell has served as Executive Vice President and Chief 
Operating Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange traded fund and exchange traded product 
sponsor and asset manager from January 2018 to June 2019. Since January 2018, Mr Bell held a number 
positions at WisdomTree, including Director of International Business and Director of Corporate 
Communications and Investor Relations. Mr. Bell presently serves on the boards of a number of 
WisdomTree’s wholly-owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Bell was an account executive 
at Sloane & Company from June 2006 to July 2007. Mr Bell received his B.A. in History with university 
honors from Trinity College, Hartford, CT. 
Christopher Foulds – Non-Executive Director 
Mr Foulds is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and 
of WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Commodity 
Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited and WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with an honours degree in 
Mathematics with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered Accountant (FCA) with Deloitte 
LLP in Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a number of assurance and business 
advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. Following his departure from Deloitte 
LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, providing start-up management and 
support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held various roles with ETFS Capital Limited,

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as historically appointed as the Compliance 
Officer of the Issuer and WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited. He has also previously been a non-
executive director of the Issuer. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in March 2020, Mr 
Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) Limited, a business 
providing digital asset investment products. 
Steven Ross 
Mr Ross is a director of HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the Issuer and of WisdomTree 
Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree Commodity Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited and 
WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours degree in 
Accountancy before embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 2001 to 
2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number 
of assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and 
commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of 
Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration business 
and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and private 
investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a partner of 
Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017. 
Peter M. Ziemba 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Issuer and of WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, Gold Bullion Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba has served as 
Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree Investments, Inc., an exchange-
traded fund and exchange- traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he served as 
Executive Vice President — Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, and Chief 
Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba served as 
General Counsel to WisdomTree Investments, Inc.. Mr Ziemba presently serves on the boards of a number 
of WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a partner in the 
Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate counsel for 
WisdomTree Investments, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr 
Ziemba received his B.A. in History with university honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum 
laude, from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with 
limited liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £1,625,000. It is not involved in any other business 
activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment schemes and is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter in Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited are: 
Louise Follain 
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher  
Steven George Ross 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Stuart Bell, Peter Ziemba, Hilary Jones, 
Christopher Foulds and Steven Ross. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is R&H Fund 
Services (Jersey) Limited. The biographies of Mr Bell, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are set out under the heading 
“Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Issuer” above. The biography of Ms Jones is as follows: 
Hilary Jones 
Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey 
in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited from 2009 to 2019 and since December

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
A9.6.1 
A14.3.1C 
2019 she has been working at JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited. Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones 
worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities team and at Barclays Private Bank 
and Trust Company as a relationship manager. Ms Jones is a Fellow member of the Association of 
Chartered Certified Accountants and has over 40 years’ experience in the finance sector and has extensive 
experience of real estate, private equity and special purpose vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones has 
acted as director for a number of companies with a private equity or real estate focus. Ms Jones was also 
a director of the Issuer until April 2020 and is a non executive director of ManJer. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr Bell, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are also directors of ManJer, a provider of services to the Issuer, 
and Mr Bell, Mr Foulds, Mr Ross and Mr Ziemba are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the 
Issuer. Mr Ross is also a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator of the Issuer 
and the secretary of the Issuer and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, 
the Directors do not believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties which 
the directors and/or members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe 
to the Issuer, and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Issuer also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and/or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (a company that provides services to WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (an 
exchange traded product issuer)) and WisdomTree Issuer plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via 
segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer are significant with respect to the Issuer and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
Further information 
Information regarding United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey taxation in respect of the Programme and the 
Metal Securities is set out in Part 10 (Taxation). If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it 
should consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to the 
Programme and the Metal Securities.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
A17.2.1.1B 
PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Metal Security carries a right upon Redemption to receipt of the higher of the Principal Amount and 
the Metal Entitlement (ME(i,t)). Only Authorised Participants and Security Holders in certain circumstances 
are able to redeem their Metal Securities directly with the Issuer. The value of a Security Holder’s 
investment is therefore equivalent to the amount in troy ounces (or fine troy ounces in the case of gold) of 
Bullion that they would receive upon a redemption – generally the applicable Metal Entitlement. The Principal 
Amounts of the Metal Securities are set out in paragraph 4 (ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Metal 
Securities) of Part 11 (Additional Information). 
Calculation of the Metal Entitlement 
On the first day of issue, the Metal Entitlement of each Individual Security of a particular class was as set 
out in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities) under the heading “Metal Entitlement – Individual Securities”. 
Individual Securities 
In the case of the Individual Securities, their Metal Entitlement has reduced each day since issue by the 
deduction of the Management Fee applicable to that class of Metal Security for that day represented in the 
formula by the Management Fee (MF(i,t)). This takes into account the fees paid to ManJer in return for the 
services it provides to the Issuer. 
On each day the Management Fee is deducted from the previous day’s Metal Entitlement (ME(i,t-1)) to 
determine the new Metal Entitlement for a class of Individual Securities on a particular day in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ME(i,t) = ME(i,t-1) x (1 – MF(i,t))1/N
 
The Management Fee is then divided by the number of days in the year in which the figure is being 
calculated to create a daily fee rate. This is represented by the 1/N in the formula. 
Basket Securities 
The Metal Entitlement of a Basket Security is the sum of the Metal Entitlement of the Individual Securities of 
which it is comprised. 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee for each class of Individual Security is an annual rate as follows: 
Class of Security 
Management Fee 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
0.39 per cent. per annum 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
 
0.49 per cent. per annum 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum  
0.49 per cent. per annum 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
0.49 per cent. per annum 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
0.15 per cent. per annum 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
0.12 per cent. per annum 
Application of the Management Fee to the Metal Entitlement 
The Management Fee is based on an annual figure. The total amount of the fees is then converted into a 
daily fee rate by application of the 1/N element of the formula. 
Redemption Fee 
The Issuer charges a fee of £500 per redemption carried out by an Authorised Participant directly with the 
Issuer.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
In the event of a compulsory redemption or where a Security Holder is permitted to lodge a Redemption 
Form, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such 
redemption and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and that amount will be charged 
by the Issuer to the Security Holder. 
Metal Agent Fee 
The Metal Agent Fee applies to a compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid 
Redemption Form in respect of, any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities to be redeemed by way of physical delivery of Bullion to a Physical Security Holder 
Bank. Once the relevant Redemption Fee has been paid and the relevant Bullion in an amount equal to the 
Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities has been deposited by the Custodian into 
the applicable Metal Agent Account, the Metal Agent will deduct the Metal Agent Fee from the Bullion. The 
Metal Agent Fee is the greater of (a) one ounce of Bullion; or (b) 1.00 per cent. of the relevant Bullion 
delivered to the Metal Agent by the Custodian, the Bullion remaining after the deduction of the Metal Agent 
Fee being the “Available Bullion”. 
The Metal Agent will then round the Available Bullion down to the nearest 1.00 gram (with the Bullion 
remaining following such rounding down being the “Deliverable Bullion”). The Deliverable Bullion shall 
then be transferred by the Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank. The amount of Bullion 
representing the difference between the Available Bullion less the Deliverable Bullion will be held by the 
Metal Agent for ManJer. 
Worked Examples 
Taking WisdomTree Physical Gold with a Management Fee of 0.39 per cent. per annum as an example, 
assuming that the Metal Entitlement for this class on the last day on which it was calculated was 0.01 and 
there were 365 days in the year, applying the figures set out above to the formula for the calculation of Metal 
Entitlement the Metal Entitlement of a WisdomTree Physical Gold Security could be calculated as follows: 
ME(i,t) = ME(i,t-1) x (1 – MF(i,t))1/N 
Where: 
ME(i,t-1) = 0.01 
MF(i,t) = 0.0039 
N = 365 days in the year  
So: 
ME(i,t) = 0.01 x (1–0.0039)(1/365) 
ME(i,t) = 0.00999989294 
The above worked example applies equally to the other classes of Individual Security. 
Basket Securities 
The Metal Entitlement of a Basket Security is the total of the Metal Entitlements of the Individual Securities of 
which it is made up. The Metal Entitlement of the Individual Securities would be calculated as described above 
and then added together to give the Metal Entitlement of the Basket Securities. 
To calculate the Metal Entitlement of the Basket Securities, the Metal Entitlements for each of the Individual 
Securities that comprise the basket need to be calculated (in accordance with the procedure set out above) 
and added together. 
The WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities comprise the following number of each class 
of Individual Securities: 
 
Class of Metal Security 
Number in a Basket Security
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Security 
0.1 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Security 
0.2 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Security 
1.2 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Security 
0.4

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Assuming that the Metal Entitlement of each of the above classes on a particular day (t) was 0.01 troy 
ounces (or fine troy ounces in the case of gold), then the calculation of the Metal Entitlement of the 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities on that day (ME(i,t)) would be as follows: 
ME(i,t) = (ME(platinum,t) x 0.1)+(ME(palladium,t) x 0.2)+(ME(silver,t) x 1.2)+(ME(gold,t) x 0.4) 
ME(i,t) = (0.01 x 0.1) + (0.01 x 0.2) + (0.01 x 1.2) + (0.01 x 0.4) 
ME(i,t) = 0.001 + 0.002 + 0.012 + 0.004 
ME(i,t) = 0.019 ounces 
Converting Metal Entitlement into a price 
Whilst Metal Securities are created and redeemed by the Issuer at the Metal Entitlement, it is also possible 
to calculate what the cash value of the Metal Securities in US dollars was on a particular day. This is done 
by using the spot price for that type of Bullion on that day. 
The spot price and Metal Entitlement are then used in the following formula to convert the Metal Entitlement 
into a price: 
P(i,t) = S(i,t) x ME(i,t) 
To calculate the price on a particular day (represented in the formula above by P(i,t).), the spot price on 
that day (represented in the formula by S(i,t)) is multiplied by the Metal Entitlement that day to create a 
figure in US dollars. For example, if the spot price of gold on that day was $1,200 and the Metal Entitlement 
was 0.01, then applying these figures to the calculation above would create a price of $12 as follows: 
12 = 1,200 x 0.01 
How the value of an Individual Security is affected by changes in the value of the underlying Bullion 
The 3 hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the 
Individual Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual 
future performance of the Metal Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions 
have been made: 
 
An investor invests in the Individual Securities for one full calendar year. 
 
1 Individual Security is bought from a broker at a price of $12. 
 
The spot price of the physical gold when the Metal Security is bought is US$1,200. 
 
The Metal Entitlement when the Metal Security is bought is 0.01. 
 
The annual level of fees are 0.39 per cent. 
 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Metal Securities during the investment 
period. 
 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Securities and the custody fees of the investors bank are excluded. 
 
The following scenarios do not take into account daily changes in the spot price physical gold during 
the course of the year. 
Scenario 1: The price of the physical gold decreases 
 
1 Individual Security is bought from a broker at a price of $12. 
 
The price of the physical gold decreases by 10% to US$1,080 one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.04 per Metal Security. 
 
The price of the Metal Security has decreased to $ 10.76. 
 
The investor sells the Metal Security and has lost $1.24 from his/her initial investment of $12 a 
year ago. 
 
Scenario 2: The price of the physical gold increases 
 
1 Individual Security is bought from a broker at a price of $12. 
 
The price of the physical gold increases by 10% to US$1,320 one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.05 per Metal Security.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
The price of the Metal Security has increased to $13.15. 
 
The investor sells the Metal Security and has gained $1.15 from his/her initial investment of $12 
a year ago. 
 
 
Scenario 3: The price of the physical gold remains the same 
 
1 Individual Security is bought from a broker at a price of $12. 
 
The price of the physical gold remains the same one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.05 per Metal Security. 
 
The price of the Metal Security has decreased to $11.95. 
 
The investor sells the Metal Security and has lost $.05 from his/her initial investment of $12 a 
year ago. 
 
How the value of a Basket Security is affected by changes in the value of the amount of underlying 
Bullion 
The 3 hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the Basket 
Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future 
performance of the Metal Securities and are for illustration purposes only. The following assumptions have 
been made: 
 
An investor invests in the Basket Securities for one full calendar year. 
 
1 Basket Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The annual weighted level of fees are 0.49 per cent. 
 
There are no changes in the level of fees charged on the Metal Securities during the investment 
period. 
 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Basket Securities and the custody fees of the investors bank are 
excluded. 
The following Scenarios do not take into account daily changes in the spot price of the relevant metals 
during the course of the year. 
Scenario 1: The spot prices of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is comprised 
decreases 
 
1 Basket Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The spot price of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is comprised decreases by 
10%. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.44 per Basket Security. 
 
The price of the Basket Security has decreased to $89.56. 
 
The investor sells the Metal Security and has lost $10.44 from his/her initial investment of $100 a 
year ago. 
 
Scenario 2: The total price of the spot prices of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is 
comprised increases 
 
1 Basket Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The spot price of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is comprised increases by 
10%. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.54 per Basket Security. 
 
The price of the Basket Security has increased to $109.46. 
 
The investor sells the Basket Security and has gained $9.46 from his/her initial investment of 
 
$100 a year ago.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Scenario 3: The total price of the spot prices of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is 
comprised remains the same 
 
1 Basket Security is bought from a broker at a price of $100. 
 
The spot price of the precious metals of which the Basket Security is comprised remains the 
same one year later. 
 
The sum of the fees charged during this time would be $.49 per Basket Security. 
 
The price of the Basket Security has decreased to $99.51. 
 
The investor sells the Basket Security and has lost $.49 from his/her initial investment of $100 a 
year ago. 
Interest 
The Metal Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
A17.2.2.2 A 
A17.2.2.2 A 
A19.2.2.2(b) 
PART 3 
PRECIOUS METALS MARKET OVERVIEW 
 
The underlying of the Metal Securities are physical precious metals: platinum, palladium, silver and gold. 
Descriptions of those physical precious metals and the markets in them are set out below. 
Market Overview 
The Issuer believes that two factors set precious metals apart from other commodities: precious metals 
can be stored in a vault at low cost without deteriorating and, whether as coins, jewellery or bullion, precious 
metals can be used as a store of value. While silver and gold have a history which is thousands of years old, 
platinum and palladium have a much shorter history. The primary source of these four precious metals is 
mining, but all can be recycled. Their main uses are industrial and jewellery applications. 
Platinum Group Metals 
Platinum and palladium are the two best known metals of the six platinum group metals (PGMs). Platinum 
and palladium have the greatest economic importance and are found in the largest quantities. The other 
four - iridium, rhodium, ruthenium and osmium - are produced only as co-products of platinum and 
palladium. 
PGMs are found primarily in South Africa and Russia. South Africa is the world's leading platinum producer 
and the second largest palladium producer. Russia is the largest producer of palladium and most 
production is concentrated in the Norilsk region. All of South Africa’s production is sourced from the 
Bushveld Igneous Complex, which hosts the world’s largest resource of PGMs. Together, South Africa and 
Russia accounted for over 77 per cent. of total platinum and palladium supply at the end of 2020. 
Platinum  
The main supplier of platinum is South Africa, providing over 70 per cent. of total mine supply over the past 
five years. Russia is the second largest supplier of platinum providing around 12 per cent. of total mine 
supply over the past five years. Recovery of platinum from autocatalysts is the other main source of supply 
and it increases along with autocatalyst production. 
Over the past decade, jewellery demand for platinum has fallen steadily since 2013. Autocatalysts are the 
largest demand segment for platinum. 
World Platinum Supply and Demand 
('000 oz) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mine Production 
6,358 
6,509 
5,863 
6,207 
5,031 
6,294 
6,190 
6,202 
6,175 
6,100 
4,989 
Autocatalyst Scrap 
894 
923 
1,032 
1,149 
1,285 
1,114 
1,192 
1,366 
1,419 
1,584 
1,427 
Electronic Scrap 
26 
30 
44 
46 
46 
48 
49 
54 
56 
57 
56 
Jewellery Scrap 
584 
645 
608 
605 
604 
559 
589 
556 
502 
476 
422 
Total Supply 
7,862 
8,107 
7,547 
8,008 
6,966 
8,015 
8,020 
8,178 
8,151 
8,217 
6,894 
Autocatalyst 
2,981 
3,108 
2,954 
2,880 
3,046 
3,226 
3,237 
3,189 
3,029 
2,838 
2,366 
Jewellery 
2,332 
2,190 
2,355 
2,471 
2,444 
2,407 
2,280 
2,252 
2,189 
2,099 
1,820 
Electronics 
200 
211 
204 
198 
201 
172 
160 
162 
158 
144 
130 
Glass 
480 
420 
553 
86 
170 
340 
183 
345 
581 
236 
391 
Chemical 
472 
494 
425 
486 
616 
514 
545 
557 
554 
694 
585 
Petroleum 
176 
155 
163 
111 
142 
153 
131 
206 
198 
219 
109 
Other Industrial 
565 
594 
618 
618 
617 
613 
724 
794 
820 
836 
740 
Retail investment 
101 
335 
257 
65 
123 
681 
605 
287 
384 
283 
586 
Total Demand 
7,308 
7,506 
7,529 
6,915 
7,359 
8,108 
7,865 
7,792 
7,914 
7,349 
6,727 
Physical Surplus/Deficit 
554 
601 
18 
1,093 
-393 
-93 
155 
386 
237 
869 
168 
 
Source: Metals Focus

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
A17.2.2.2 A 
A17.2.2.2 A 
Palladium 
Russia has traditionally been the largest producer of palladium, providing on average 40 per cent of supply 
over the past 10 years. South Africa is the second largest producer which provides just under 40 per cent 
on average of total global mine supply. Zimbabwe, Canada and the United States are other key producers 
of palladium. 
Autocatalysts are the largest component of palladium demand, representing close to 80 per cent. of total 
demand in 2019. Jewellery accounted for around 2% of total palladium demand in 2019. A small amount 
of palladium demand also comes from dental and chemical applications. 
World Palladium Supply and Demand 
('000 oz) 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Mine Production 
6,425 
6,768 
6,472 
6,666 
6,538 
6,988 
6,699 
6,941 
6,928 
7,122 
6,433 
Autocatalyst Scrap 
1,471 
1,573 
1,812 
2,004 
2,169 
2,009 
2,077 
2,281 
2,378 
2,764 
2,590 
Electronic Scrap 
587 
591 
627 
569 
502 
468 
434 
413 
399 
386 
367 
Jewellery Scrap 
219 
247 
268 
252 
185 
102 
67 
64 
50 
60 
102 
Total Supply 
8,702 
9,180 
9,180 
9,491 
9,395 
9,568 
9,275 
9,699 
9,754 
10,332 
9,492 
Autocatalyst 
5,802 
6,191 
6,782 
7,127 
7,376 
7,615 
8,181 
8,466 
8,574 
8,874 
7,808 
Jewellery 
757 
688 
625 
527 
456 
374 
343 
337 
314 
272 
175 
Electronics 
1,059 
1,165 
1,060 
1,025 
1,022 
1,013 
983 
936 
891 
838 
747 
Dental 
638 
581 
534 
499 
484 
473 
458 
423 
384 
343 
290 
Chemical 
364 
389 
400 
419 
367 
352 
390 
420 
456 
429 
396 
Other Industrial 
96 
98 
100 
102 
104 
116 
134 
112 
120 
116 
101 
Retail investment 
78 
57 
33 
37 
43 
15 
8 
-77 
-6 
9 
10 
Total Demand 
8,793 
9,168 
9,533 
9,735 
9,852 
9,957 
10,498 
10,616 
10,733 
10,881 
9,528 
Physical Surplus/Deficit 
-90 
12 
-354 
-245 
-457 
-389 
-1,223 
-917 
-979 
-549 
-36 
 
Source: Metals Focus 
Silver 
Like gold, silver has also been used as a currency in the past. However, the main differences between 
gold and silver is that 54 per cent of gold is used for jewellery while 51 per cent silver fabrication demand is 
industrial uses. 
New mine production accounts for approximately 82 per cent of total silver supply. Recycled silver accounts 
for around 16 per cent of total supply. Recycled silver has remained below 200 million ounces since 2013. 
Industrial applications account for the largest share of silver demand followed by jewellery and silverware. 
World Silver Supply and Demand 
Moz  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 SUPPLY  
 Mine Production  
       
756.5 
       
763.2 
       
795.7 
       
845.3 
       
882.1 
       
896.9 
       
900.0 
       
863.7 
       
850.3 
       
835.9 
       
782.5 
 Scrap  
       
206.0 
       
232.4 
       
216.0 
       
192.7 
       
175.0 
       
166.5 
       
164.5 
       
167.8 
       
167.8 
       
170.5 
       
182.0 
 Net Government Sales 
29.6  
4.8  
3.6  
1.7  
1.2  
1.1  
1.1  
1.0  
1.2  
1.0  
1.2  
 Net Producer Hedging  
         
43.4 
         
11.9 
            
-   
            
-   
         
10.7 
            
2.2 
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
         
15.2 
            
8.5 
 Total Supply  
   
1,035.
5 
   
1,012.
3 
   
1,015.
3 
   
1,039.
7 
   
1,068.
9 
   
1,066.
6 
   
1,065.
5 
   
1,032.
5 
   
1,019.
2 
   
1,022.
6 
       
974.1  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 DEMAND

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
A17.2.2.2 A 
 Industrial  
       
480.6 
       
508.1 
       
450.5 
       
460.8 
       
450.0 
       
457.0 
       
491.5 
       
518.7 
       
513.4 
       
514.6 
       
486.5 
 Photography  
         
69.5 
         
61.6 
         
52.5 
         
45.8 
         
43.6 
         
41.2 
         
37.8 
         
35.1 
         
33.8 
         
32.7 
         
27.8 
 Jewellery & Silverware 
       
219.2 
       
204.1 
       
200.0 
       
233.4 
       
246.5 
       
259.7 
       
242.3 
       
254.8 
       
269.5 
       
262.3 
       
178.6 
 Net 
Physical 
Investment 
       
197.5 
       
272.5 
       
240.7 
       
300.6 
       
283.0 
       
310.3 
       
211.1 
       
154.0 
       
163.0 
       
182.8 
       
199.8 
 Net 
Producer 
De-
Hedging 
            
-   
            
-   
         
40.4 
         
29.3 
            
-   
            
-   
         
12.0 
            
2.1 
            
7.7 
            
-   
            
-   
 Total Demand  
       
966.8  
   
1,046.
3 
       
984.1  
   
1,069.
9 
   
1,023.
1 
   
1,068.
2 
       
994.6  
       
964.8  
       
987.3  
       
992.5  
       
892.7  
 Market Balance  
68.7  
-33.9  
31.2  
-30.2  
45.8  
-1.5  
70.9  
67.7  
31.9  
30.1  
81.4  
 
Source: Metals Focus 
Gold 
One factor which separates gold from other precious metals is that there are large above-ground stocks 
which can be quickly mobilised. As a result of gold’s liquidity, gold often acts more like a currency than a 
commodity. 
Over the past ten years, (new) mine production of gold has experienced a modest rise of an average of 2 
per cent per annum. Of the three sources of supply, mine production accounts for nearly 73 per cent of 
total supply in 2019. 
On the demand side, jewellery is clearly the greatest source of demand followed by physical investment 
demand and central bank buying. 
World Gold Supply and Demand 
 
(Tonnes)  
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 SUPPLY  
 Mine Production  
        
2,831 
        
2,928 
        
3,003 
        
3,178 
        
3,272 
        
3,366 
        
3,515 
        
3,579 
        
3,652 
        
3,599 
        
3,481 
 Recycling  
        
1,452 
        
1,574 
        
1,629 
        
1,191 
        
1,132 
        
1,070 
        
1,233 
        
1,111 
        
1,132 
        
1,272 
        
1,273 
 Net 
Physical 
DisInvestment 
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
 Net Hedging Supply  
            
-   
            
32 
            
-   
            
-   
           
105 
            
13 
            
33 
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
 Net 
Central 
Bank 
Selling 
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
 Total Supply  
       
4,283 
       
4,535 
       
4,631 
       
4,369 
       
4,508 
       
4,449 
       
4,781 
       
4,690 
       
4,784 
       
4,871 
       
4,754 
 DEMAND  
 Jewellery 
Consumption 
        
2,202 
        
2,213 
        
2,237 
        
2,766 
        
2,533 
        
2,460 
        
2,104 
        
2,241 
        
2,248 
        
2,123 
        
1,401 
 Industrial Demand  
           
413 
           
387 
           
365 
           
350 
           
348 
           
332 
           
323 
           
333 
           
335 
           
326 
           
302 
 Net 
Physical 
Investment 
        
1,141 
        
1,400 
        
1,301 
        
1,718 
        
1,060 
        
1,072 
        
1,062 
        
1,035 
        
1,067 
           
844 
           
894 
 Net Hedging Demand  
           
118 
            
-   
            
47 
            
25 
            
-   
            
-   
            
-   
            
24 
            
9 
            
1 
            
52 
 Net 
Official 
Sector 
Purchases 
           
104 
           
516 
           
582 
           
653 
           
601 
           
580 
           
395 
           
379 
           
656 
           
605 
           
255 
 Total Demand  
       
3,979 
       
4,515 
       
4,532 
       
5,511 
       
4,543 
       
4,444 
       
3,884 
       
4,011 
       
4,316 
       
3,899 
       
2,904 
 Market Balance  
304  
20  
100  
-1,142 
-35  
5  
898  
679  
468  
972  
1,849  
 
Source: Metals Focus

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
A17.2.2.2 A 
The Precious Metals Market 
Metals trading on the global market consists of transactions in spot contracts, forward contracts and options 
and other derivatives on the over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and 
options. The OTC market trades for the majority of a 24-hour day and accounts for most global metal 
trading. 
Market makers, as well as others in the OTC market, trade with each other and with their clients on a 
principal-to-principal basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the 
transaction. The OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, size, 
destinations for delivery and other factors. Precious metal dealers customise transactions to meet clients’ 
requirements. The OTC market has no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting takes place. 
The main centres of the OTC market are London, Zurich, New York and Hong Kong. Central banks, 
producers and consumers of precious metals, together with investors and speculators, tend to transact 
their business through one of these market centres. Centres, such as Dubai, and several cities in the Far 
East also transact substantial OTC market business, typically involving jewellery and small bars (1 kilogram 
or less) and will hedge their exposure into one of the main centres. Precious metal dealers have offices 
around the world and most of the world’s major bullion dealers are either members or associate members 
of the LBMA and/or LPPM (see below). 
The most significant futures exchanges are the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile Exchange 
(NYMEX), the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT, a Chicago based E-Platform, now merged with the Chicago 
Mercantile Exchange) and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM). Trading on these exchanges is 
based on fixed delivery dates and transaction sizes for the futures and options contracts traded. Trading 
costs are negotiable. 
Liquidity in the OTC market can vary from time to time during the course of the 24-hour trading day. The 
period of greatest liquidity in the gold market is typically that time of the day when trading in the European 
time zones overlaps with trading in the United States, that is when OTC market trading in London, New 
York and other centres coincides with futures and options trading on the COMEX. This period lasts for 
approximately four hours each business day afternoon. 
The LPPM and LBMA 
Clearing in the physical precious metals market is primarily centred in Zurich and London for platinum and 
palladium and in London for silver and gold. There are two trade associations which act as the coordinator 
for activities conducted in these markets — the London Platinum and Palladium Market (LPPM) and the 
London Bullion Market Association (LBMA). The roles of both these associations include maintaining a 
“Good Delivery” list and ensuring that the physical bars meet the minimum standard of quality, coordinating 
market clearing and vaulting, promoting good trading practices and developing standard documentation. 
Good Delivery 
“Good Delivery” is the list of specifications to which a bar/ingot must adhere to be accepted for trading 
physical metal in the London precious metal markets. The standards required for platinum and palladium 
ingots to be included in the “London/Zurich Good Delivery List” are set out on the LPPM website. The 
standards required for gold and silver bars to be included in the “Good Delivery Lists” are set out in “The 
Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars” published by the LBMA. A summary of these appear in the 
table below: 
 
 
Platinum 
Palladium 
Silver 
Gold 
Form 
Plate or ingot 
Plate or ingot 
bar 
bar 
Minimum fineness/purity 
99.95% 
99.95% 
99.9% 
99.5% 
Weight 
1kg to 6kg 
(32 to 192 oz) 
1kg to 6kg 
(32 to 192 oz) 
750oz to 1,100oz 
350oz to 430oz 
Measure 
troy oz 
troy oz 
troy oz 
fine troy oz 
The actual quantity of pure gold in a bar is expressed to three decimal places and is calculated by 
multiplying the gross weight (in ounces, to three decimal places) by the fineness (in per cent., to two 
decimal places). For example, a gold bar with a gross weight of 404.075 troy ounces and a fineness of 
99.58 per cent. would be recorded as having a fine gold content of 402.377 fine troy ounces (there is no 
rounding up unless the fourth decimal is a nine). 
Even though a variety of smaller and exact weight bars are available in the market, the Issuer will only 
issue securities which are backed by Good Delivery bars.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
The Gold Bullion Market in Zurich 
After London, the second principal centre for spot or physical gold trading is Zurich. For eight hours a day, 
trading occurs simultaneously in London and Zurich—with Zurich normally opening and closing an hour 
earlier than London. During these hours, Zurich closely rivals London in its influence over the spot price 
because of the importance of the two major Swiss banks—Credit Suisse and Union Bank of Switzerland 
(UBS)—in the physical gold market. Each of these banks has long maintained its own refinery, often taking 
physical delivery of gold and processing it for other regional markets. The loco Zurich bullion specification 
is the same as for the London bullion market, which allows for gold physically located in Zurich to be quoted 
loco London and vice versa. 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit for platinum, palladium and silver is troy ounces (since the word “fine” is not used, the 
weight is irrespective of purity). For gold it is one fine troy ounce (“fine” meaning pure metal, i.e. the actual 
gold content based on 100 per cent. purity). The conversion factors between troy ounces and metric used 
by the Relevant Associations are: one troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes and one kilogramme 
equals 32.1507465 troy ounces. 
Storage 
Allocated Accounts 
An allocated account is an account held with a dealer in a customer’s name evidencing that uniquely 
identifiable bars of metal have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held 
in the vault of that dealer. The client has full title to this metal with the dealer holding it as custodian. 
Unallocated Accounts 
Most metal traded in the London and Zurich markets is traded and settled in unallocated form. Metal held 
in this form does not entitle the holder to specific bars of metal but gives the holder a right to require the 
delivery of certain amounts of metal. Subject to the terms of a client’s account agreement, a client may 
make exchanges between allocated and unallocated accounts (provided the client has a sufficient 
balance). 
Location 
Platinum and palladium traded in the Zurich/London market is generally on a loco Zurich basis (meaning the 
metal is physically held in vaults in Zurich) or on a loco London basis (meaning the metal is physically held in 
vaults in London) or is transferred into accounts established in Zurich or London. The basis for settlement 
and delivery of a loco Zurich/London spot trade is payment (generally in US dollars) two business days 
after the trade date against delivery. Delivery of the metal can either be by physical delivery or through the 
clearing systems to an unallocated account. 
Trading of silver and gold in the London market is similar to that of platinum and palladium except that the 
metal is usually traded on a loco London basis only. Quotations are usually in US dollars but can also be 
quoted in other convertible currencies. 
The Fixing Price 
The London market provides a metal pricing service whereby the fixing price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in each of the Relevant 
Markets took place by telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. Since 2014, 
a number of changes have been implemented to the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion to introduce new 
auction processes. 
Gold 
On 20 March 2015, ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) began administering the operation of an 
electronic, tradable and auditable, over-the-counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US 
Dollars, Euros or Sterling for LBMA-authorised participating gold bullion banks or market makers (“Gold 
Participants”). This auction establishes a reference gold price for that day’s trading. This auction is the 
gold valuation replacement selected by the LBMA for the “London Gold Fix” previously determined by the 
London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. that was discontinued on 19 March 2015. The new auction process, like the 
previous gold fixing process, establishes and publishes fixed prices for fine troy ounces of gold twice each 
London trading day during fixing sessions beginning at 10:30 a.m. (the “LBMA AM Gold Price”) and 3:00 
p.m. (the “LBMA PM Gold Price”).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
A17.2.2.2A 
A17.2.1.1B 
Silver 
On 2 October 2017 the ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) began operating electronic auctions for spot, 
unallocated loco London silver, providing a market-based platform for buyers and sellers to trade. The 
auctions are run at 12:00pm London. The auction process runs on the ICE Trading Platform, which provides 
straight through processing (STP) for many firms and a full audit trail for compliance departments. This 
auction replaced the solution offered by CME Group Europe Limited (“CME”) and Thomson Reuters 
Benchmark Services Limited (“Thomson Reuters”) that operated from 15 August 2014. Prior to that a 
telephonic Silver fixing process was conducted by the silver fixing members. 
Platinum and Palladium 
On 1 December 2014, the London Metal Exchange (“LME”) began administering the operation of electronic 
platinum bullion price fixing systems (“LMEbullion”) that replicates electronically the manual London 
platinum and palladium fix processes previously employed by the London Platinum and Palladium Fixing 
Company Limited (“LPPFCL”) as well as providing electronic market clearing processes for platinum and 
palladium bullion transactions at the fixed prices established by the LME pricing mechanism. The LME’s 
electronic price fixing processes, like the previous London platinum and palladium fix processes, establishes 
and publishes fixed prices for troy ounces of platinum and palladium twice each London trading day during 
fixing sessions beginning at 9:45 a.m. (the “LME AM Fix” for platinum and palladium) and 2:00 p.m. (the 
“LME PM Fix” for platinum and palladium). 
 
 
Platinum 
Palladium 
Silver 
Gold 
Fixing times (approximate) 
09.45 
09.45 
12.00 
10.30 
 
14.00 
14.00 
 
15.00 
 
Vaulting and Clearing 
Certain members of the Relevant Association offer clearing services. They may use their own vaults for 
storage of physical metal and/or have the use of storage facilities under security with another company. 
The present Custodians are members of both associations. The Issuer believes that presently the 
Custodians and their affiliated entities are two of the largest precious metal clearers in the market. The 
clearing members of both associations use a daily clearing system whereby those members utilise the 
unallocated metal they maintain between each other for the settlement of all mutual trades and third party 
transfers. This system is designed to avoid the security risks and costs involved in the physical movement 
of the metals. 
Documentation 
The Relevant Associations have developed and introduced a number of standard agreements which cover 
the terms and conditions for operating allocated and unallocated accounts and for dealing in spot metal 
transactions. In all dealings in metal the Issuer, to the extent possible, will use the standard clearing 
documentation, amended as required by the Trustee. 
Historic Precious Metal Prices 
The charts below show the relative historical price performance (in US dollars) of the four Individual 
Securities and the Basket Security (before fees). The historical performance has been broken down into two 
time periods (i) Chart 1 shows the past 20 years for which historical data is available for all four metals and 
(ii) Chart 2 shows the period beginning in returns over the past five years.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
A17.2.2.2C 
Cumulative Return for Platinum, Palladium, Silver, Gold and Precious Metals Basket  
  
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg. Data from September 2000 to September 2021. 
 
Source: WisdomTree, Bloomberg, Data from September 2015 to September 2021 
 
The relative returns shown in the above charts are mostly simulated, cumulative returns based on the spot 
prices of the underlying four metals excluding fees. Please note that past performance may not be indicative 
of future performance. 
Each of the LBMA and LME (where relevant) publishes on its website (http://www.lbma.org.uk/ and 
http://www.lme.com) historic Fixing Prices free of charge, enabling users to calculate historic performance 
and volatility. 
 
 
-100
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
1000
2000200120022003200420052006200720082009201020112012201320142015201620172018201920202021
Index
Period: November 2000 to September 2021

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Correlation of Precious Metals with Other Asset Classes 
Numerous academic and other research papers in recent years have examined the risk and return 
characteristics of a variety of commodities compared to other asset classes such as equities and bonds. A 
portfolio comprising securities of different asset classes will increase portfolio diversification and decrease 
portfolio risk (volatility) when the correlation between the asset classes is low or negative. While the precise 
results of the research vary, depending on choice of time period, data frequency, and indices selected, the 
results mostly suggest that commodities (including precious metals) have low to negative correlation to 
equities and bonds. 
For example, several papers by the World Gold Council and also Ibbotson Associates (“Portfolio 
Diversification with Gold, Silver and Platinum”) support these results. The table below also confirms that 
over the past five years, platinum, palladium, silver and gold had low to negative correlation with equities and 
bonds. 
Five Year Correlations 
Based on monthly returns period considered: September 2016 to September 2021.  
 
PM Basket1 
Gold 
Silver 
Palladium 
Platinum 
Equity2 
Bond3
PM Basket 
1.00 
0.73 
0.62 
0.73 
0.54 
0.23 
0.23 
Gold 
 
1.00 
0.73 
0.13 
0.41 
0.08 
0.39 
Silver 
 
0.72 
1.00 
0.15 
0.63 
0.37 
0.04 
Palladium 
 
0.07 
0.09 
1.00 
0.22 
0.18 
-0.03 
Platinum 
 
0.40 
0.63 
0.20 
1.00 
0.58 
-0.13 
Equity 
 
0.06 
0.34 
0.12 
0.58 
1.00 
-0.41 
Bond 
 
0.38 
0.04 
-0.05 
-0.14 
-0.42 
1.00 
1 Correlation based on the proportions of the Bullion of each type comprised in a WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Security 
2 S&P 500 Index Total Return 
3 US Tracker 1 – 10 Yrs Bond Index 
Source: Bloomberg

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
A14.4.7B 
A19.2.2.3C 
A19.2.2.4C 
A17.2.1.2C 
A17.2.2.1C 
A17.2.2.1C 
A14.4.9(a)C 
A17.2.2.2A 
A14.5.3.1(b)
B 
A17.2.2.1C 
A19.2.2.5C 
A17.2.1.4(b)
C 
PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF METAL SECURITIES 
The following is a description of the rights attaching to the Metal Securities. The legally binding Conditions of 
the Metal Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument and reproduced in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the 
Conditions) of this Prospectus. Copies of the Trust Instrument, by which the Metal Securities will be 
constituted, are available for inspection as set out in paragraph 7 (Documents Available for Inspection) of Part 
11 (Additional Information). 
A Metal Security is an undated secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which entitles a 
Security Holder (provided it is an Authorised Participant) to require the redemption of the security and on 
the Settlement Date receive an amount of Bullion equal to the Metal Entitlement. A Security Holder who is 
not an Authorised Participant is also entitled to require the redemption of a Metal Security if on any given 
Business Day there is no Authorised Participant or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security 
Holders who are not Authorised Participants will be permitted, in which case the Security Holder will receive 
an amount in cash representing the proceeds of sale of the amount of its Metal Entitlement rather than its 
Metal Entitlement in Bullion unless the Security Holder has elected to the contrary and certain conditions 
are met.  
In addition: 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of its WisdomTree Physical 
Swiss Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) 
on which banks are open for business in Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is open for 
business; and 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of Bullion of its WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) 
on which banks and the London Bullion market are open for business in London, 
in which case the Security Holder will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive physical delivery of 
an amount of Bullion representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions) to its 
Physical Security Holder Bank. 
Seven types of Metal Security are available for issue under this Programme – WisdomTree Physical 
Platinum Securities, WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities, WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, WisdomTree Physical 
Swiss Gold Securities and WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities and each is backed 
by physical Bullion in a vault, i.e. each Metal Security is secured by “allocated” Bullion which complies with 
the “Good Delivery” standard set by the Relevant Association. 
Metal Entitlement  
Individual Securities 
There is a separate Metal Entitlement for each class of Individual Security. As at 24 April 2007 (being the day 
dealings in the Initial Metal Securities first commenced on the London Stock Exchange), the Metal 
Entitlement for each class of Initial Metal Security was fixed at 0.10 troy oz platinum, 0.10 troy oz palladium, 
1.00 troy oz silver and 0.10 fine troy oz gold and as at 16 December 2009 (being the day dealings in the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities first commenced on the London Stock Exchange) the Metal 
Entitlement for the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities was fixed at 0.10 fine troy oz gold. As at 
29 October 2021, the Metal Entitlement for each class of Individual Security was as follows: 
 
Class of Security 
Metal Entitlement 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
0.094485912 fine troy oz 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
0.931183741 troy oz 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
0.093118377 troy oz

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
A19.2.2.5C 
AXX(XII).4.2.2
(v)C 
A19.4.1C 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
0.093118377 troy oz 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
0.096257601 fine troy oz 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
0.099864398 fine troy oz 
Whenever new securities are issued or existing securities redeemed, this will be done at the then prevailing 
Metal Entitlement, thereby ensuring that all securities of the same class have the same Metal Entitlement 
and are fully fungible. The Metal Entitlement is reduced daily by the Management Fee as follows: 
ME(i,t) = ME(i,t-1) x (1 — MF(i,t))1/N
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t – 1 being the previous day); 
ME(i,t) 
is the Metal Entitlement for Metal Securities of class i for day t; 
ME(i,t-1) 
is the Metal Entitlement for Metal Securities of class i on the 
previous day; 
MF(i,t) 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Metal Securities 
of class I on day t, expressed as a decimal (so that 49 basis points 
per annum is expressed as 0.0049, 39 basis points per annum is 
expressed as 0.0039 and 29 basis points per annum is expressed 
as 0.0029); 
N 
is 365 (or 366 in a leap year). 
The Metal Entitlement is calculated each day to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 troy ounces (or 
fine troy ounces in the case of gold) rounded upwards. 
The Management Fee will be paid monthly in arrear by transfer of Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts 
but only with the consent of the Trustee. 
Basket Security 
A WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Security is a single security comprised of the fixed number 
of the Individual Securities set out in the following tables: 
Number in a 
Class of Individual Security 
Basket Security
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Security 
0.1 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Security 
0.2 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Security 
1.2 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Security 
0.4 
 
As at 29 October 2021, each WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Security therefore had a 
combined Metal Entitlement comprising each of the four metals as follows: 
Type of Bullion 
Metal Entitlement 
 
Platinum 
0.009311838 troy oz 
Palladium 
0.018623675 troy oz 
Silver 
1.117420489 troy oz  
Gold 
0.037794365 fine troy oz 
The Metal Entitlement of the Basket Securities is reduced daily by the Management Fee applicable to the 
Individual Securities of which they are comprised. 
Publication of Metal Entitlement 
The Issuer will arrange for publication on the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/pricing/wisdomtree-metal-securities-limited of the current Metal Entitlement for each type of Metal 
Security in issue.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
A14.5.2.1(i)C 
A19.3.2.A 
Management Fee 
The Management Fee for each class of Individual Security is determined by applying the applicable rate to 
the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the relevant class. 
The rate of the Management Fee for each class of Individual Security is as follows: 
Management Fee rate 
Class of Metal Security 
(per cent. per annum) 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Security 
0.39 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Security 
0.49 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Security 
0.49 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Security 
0.49 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Security 
0.15 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
0.12 
The Management Fee for Basket Securities will be the aggregate of the Management Fee for the Individual 
Security of which they are comprised. 
The rate of the Management Fee in respect of any class or classes of Individual Security may be varied by 
the Issuer from time to time. If the Management Fee is amended, such amendment will be notified through 
a RIS, and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of 
such notification. 
The Management Fee for each class of Metal Security is aggregated and payable in Bullion to ManJer on 
a monthly basis. 
Authorised Participants 
Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for or redeeming Metal Securities, unless, on 
the Business Day on which a Redemption Form is lodged, there are no Authorised Participants or the 
Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants will be 
permitted and the Security Holder submits a notice of redemption in the form prescribed for such 
circumstances by the Issuer.  
In addition: 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of its WisdomTree Physical 
Swiss Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) 
on which banks are open for business in Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is open for 
business; and 
 
a Security Holder of any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities who is not an Authorised 
Participant may require the redemption by way of physical delivery of Bullion of its WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities on a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) 
on which banks and the London Bullion market are open for business in London, 
in each case by submitting a Redemption Form as prescribed in such circumstances and the Security Holder 
will, as long as certain conditions are met, receive physical delivery of an amount of Bullion representing 
the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions) to its Physical Security Holder Bank.  
A person can only be an Authorised Participant if: (a) it is a securities house or other market professional 
approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); (b) it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an 
Overseas Person; and (c) it is not a UCITS Fund. An Authorised Participant must also have entered into 
an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer dealing with, amongst other things, the rights and 
obligations of the Authorised Participant in relation to applying for and redeeming Metal Securities. The 
terms of the Authorised Participant Agreements are summarised in paragraph 3 of Part 11 (Additional 
Information). The names of all Authorised Participants at any time will be published by the Issuer on its 
website. The names of the Authorised Participants as at the date of this document are set out in paragraph 
3.1 of Part 11 (Additional Information). 
The Issuer has agreed to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there are at least two 
Authorised Participants.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
A19.3.4.6A 
A19.2.2.5C 
A14.5.1.5C 
A19.2.4 
 
Applications and Redemptions 
Business Days 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities and WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities (and Basket 
Securities comprising WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities and/or WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
Securities) and WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities are created and redeemed based on a day 
count (i.e. day T, T+1 etc.) using days which are both London Business Days and Zurich Business Days. 
Other Metal Securities are created and Redeemed based on a day count using days which are London 
Business Days. 
Application Processes 
Metal Securities may be created at any time during the period of 12 months from the date of this document. 
There is no maximum or minimum number of Metal Securities that may be applied for. Only Authorised 
Participants may lodge an Application Form. 
Payment for Metal Securities must be made by the Authorised Participant depositing an amount of Bullion 
equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Metal Securities applied for calculated at the Settlement 
Date (rounded up to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), in the Subscription 
Unallocated Account by (A) in respect of the Initial Metal Securities and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities, the earlier of (i) the clearing cut-off time set by the LPPM for platinum and palladium, currently 
12 noon Zurich time (11.00 a.m. London time); and (ii) the clearing cut-off time set by the LBMA for silver 
and gold, currently 4.00 p.m. London time on the Settlement Date, and (B) in respect of WisdomTree Physical 
Swiss Gold by 12 noon Zurich time (11.00 a.m London time) on the Settlement Date. 
The Settlement Date is the second Business Day after the Application Date (T+2). 
An application received by the Issuer by 4.30 p.m. London time (day T) on a Business Day with receipt of the 
Bullion in the applicable Subscription Unallocated Account within two Business Days (T+2) will generally 
enable the Applicant to receive the new Metal Securities in their CREST account within two Business Days 
(T+2). Deposits should be made as unallocated Bullion as follows: 
(a) The Initial Metal Securities (and any Basket Securities to the extent comprised of any Initial 
Individual Metal Securities) and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
(i) For WisdomTree Physical Platinum and WisdomTree Physical Palladium, loco Zurich or loco 
London; and 
(ii) For WisdomTree Physical Silver, WisdomTree Physical Gold and WisdomTree Core Physical 
Gold, loco London; 
(b) The Swiss Gold Metal Securities 
For WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold, loco Zurich or subject to loco swap arrangements being 
agreed with the Swiss Gold Custodian, loco London. 
Applications to create WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities by deposit of unallocated Bullion loco 
London will only be accepted if the Authorised Participant has first agreed with the Swiss Gold Custodian the 
cost of any loco swap that the Swiss Gold Custodian will use to effect gold transfers between the loco 
London Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account and the loco Zurich Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Account and has undertaken to reimburse the Swiss Gold Custodian for any amount owed under such 
swap. Such gold loco swap prices will be determined at then prevailing market rates, prices and spreads, 
which are expected to fluctuate depending on the local London and Zurich gold market supply and demand 
conditions. 
New Metal Securities will only be issued after the Bullion deposited in a Subscription Unallocated Account has 
been transferred into the relevant Secured Unallocated Account. Such newly issued Metal Securities will be 
fungible with all existing Metal Securities of the same class and will be backed by the same assets. 
Bullion held in the Subscription Unallocated Accounts in respect of valid Applications will not be subject to 
the security created by the relevant Security Deed but will be held on trust from the Applicant pending the 
transfer of such Bullion to the Secured Metal Accounts. If the relevant application is rejected or if the relevant 
Applicant has delivered excess Bullion, such Bullion (or the excess amount thereof as the case may be) will 
be held for the benefit of the Applicant and will be returned to such Applicant as soon as possible at the 
risk of the Applicant.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
A17.2.1.4B 
A19.3.4.1(a)
A 
A19.3.4.7A 
A17.2.1.4(b)
C 
A17.2.2.3B 
A17.2.2.4B 
Once in the relevant Secured Unallocated Account, the Custodian will then allocate all the Bullion (other 
than, in respect of Bullion other than gold, an amount less than one Good Delivery bar) by transferring 
such Bullion to the relevant Secured Allocated Account.  In respect of gold, the Custodian will, if necessary, 
over-allocate an amount up to one Good Delivery bar with the difference recorded as a negative balance 
on the applicable Secured Unallocated Account.  In each case, allocation is generally expected to be 
completed the same day (although in exceptional circumstances platinum and palladium may take a 
business day or two longer to allocate and if loco London gold is received for the issue of Swiss Gold Metal 
Securities, allocation may also be subject to delays of in general one to two Business Days). 
Redemptions 
A Security Holder who is an Authorised Participant may, at any time, by lodging a valid Redemption Form with 
the Issuer, require the redemption of all or any of its Metal Securities. 
Payment for redemptions shall be made by the Custodian, on approval of the Trustee, by withdrawing 
Bullion from the applicable Secured Metal Accounts in an amount equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement 
of the Metal Securities being redeemed, calculated as at the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 
0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), and delivering the same to the unallocated metal 
account of the redeeming Authorised Participant. Bullion will be de-allocated from the Secured Allocated 
Account to the Secured Unallocated Account before being transferred to the Authorised Participant’s 
account on the Settlement Date. 
Platinum and palladium 
For platinum and palladium, the Custodian will only be able to affect the transfer after the Bullion has been 
credited to the Custodian’s account with its Zurich clearing bank and this may take a day or two longer to 
occur. If so, the Settlement Date will be postponed to such later date. 
Swiss Gold – Unallocated Delivery 
In the case of the Swiss Gold Metal Securities, an Authorised Participant may elect to receive delivery of 
Bullion either loco London or loco Zurich. A Redemption Form specifying loco London delivery of Bullion 
will cause the Swiss Gold Custodian to de-allocate gold from the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account 
to the loco Zurich Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account and then to the Authorised Participant’s 
Security Holder Account maintained in London. Such transfer between the Issuer’s and Authorised 
Participant’s Zurich and London unallocated accounts will occur pursuant to loco swap arrangements and 
will not expose the Authorised Participant or the Issuer to any risk of loss of the gold being transferred. All 
risks of loss for any additional transfers caused by a loco London delivery election will be assumed by the 
Swiss Gold Custodian. 
A Redemption Form specifying loco London delivery of Bullion will not be valid unless the Authorised 
Participant has first confirmed that it has agreed with the Swiss Gold Custodian the cost of any loco swap 
that the Swiss Gold Custodian will use to effect gold transfers between the loco Zurich Swiss Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account and the Authorised Participant’s loco London Security Holder Account and has 
undertaken to reimburse the Swiss Gold Custodian for any amount owed under such swap. Such gold loco 
swap prices will be determined at then prevailing market rates, prices and spreads, which are expected to 
fluctuate depending on the local London and Zurich gold market supply and demand conditions. Where an 
Authorised Participant elects to receive delivery of Bullion loco London, de-allocation may take a Business 
Day or two longer than in the case of delivery loco Zurich, with consequent delay to the settlement date for 
the Redemption. 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities - Allocated 
Delivery 
A Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities who is not an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of its WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of physical delivery of Bullion 
Redemption of such Securities will be by way of physical delivery of an amount of Bullion representing the 
corresponding amount of Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions) by the Metal Agent to the 
Security Holder’s Physical Security Holder Bank. The relevant Redemption Form must contain: (i) a 
certification from the Security Holder that it is not a UCITS Fund or is otherwise prohibited for legal or 
regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the Bullion; (ii) confirmation that the Security Holder 
agrees to the Physical Metal Delivery Terms; and (iii) confirmation of a Physical Security Holder Bank. A 
Redemption Form that does not satisfy the above elements will be void. A Redemption Form will also be 
void if the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant Bullion

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
A19.3.4.1(a)
A 
to the Security Holder. If for any of these reasons a Redemption Form is invalid, the redemption of the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (as the case 
may be) by way of physical delivery of Bullion will fail. 
In relation to a Compulsory Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery, the Security Holder must have (i) certified 
in writing (and in such form as the Issuer shall determine) that it is not a UCITS Fund or is otherwise 
prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from owning or taking delivery of the Bullion; (ii) confirmed that 
the Security Holder agrees to the Physical Metal Delivery Terms; and (iii) specified in writing (and in such 
form as the Issuer shall determine) a Physical Security Holder Bank. 
A purported Compulsory Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical Metal Delivery that (i) does not satisfy the above information 
requirements; and/or (ii) the Issuer is prohibited for legal or regulatory reasons from effecting by way of 
delivery of the relevant Bullion to the Security Holder, will fail and will instead be effected by way of Metal 
Sale. 
The System 
The Issuer intends to implement a system (the “System”) for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
applications and request redemptions of Metal Securities by means of a secure website in substitution for 
the lodging of the forms required by the Authorised Participant Agreements, the Conditions or any of them 
for the purpose of such applications and redemptions subject to the relevant parties agreeing any necessary 
amendments to those documents to accommodate such System. Once this System has become effective 
it is expected that all applications for Metal Securities will be made and all redemptions of Metal Securities 
will be requested using this system. In the event of a failure in the System, applications may be made and 
redemptions may be requested using the forms and notices described under the headings “Applications 
and Redemptions — Application Processes” and “Applications and Redemptions – Redemptions” above. 
General 
A Security Holder must deposit the Metal Securities being Redeemed with the Issuer by not later than 8.00 
a.m. on the Settlement Date and payment for redemption will only be made after the Registrar has 
confirmed to the Custodian receipt of the Metal Securities. Redemption Forms lodged with the Issuer by 
4.30 p.m. on a Business Day (day T) with the Metal Securities deposited by 8.00 a.m. two Business Days 
later (that is, by T+2) will generally enable an Authorised Participant to receive their Bullion the same day 
(T+2). Redemption Forms lodged after 4.30 p.m. (London time) on a Business Day will be treated as having 
been lodged on the next Business Day. 
A Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant may require the redemption of any or all of its Metal 
Securities if either on the date on which a Redemption Form is lodged there are no Authorised Participants 
or the Issuer has announced that redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised Participants will 
be permitted and in either case the Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form on that day and delivers 
the Metal Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them into an appropriate CREST 
account in the name of the Issuer or the Registrar and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions 
in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise delivers such Metal 
Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). Redemption Forms will not be treated as having been 
lodged until the Metal Securities being Redeemed have been so delivered to the Issuer. Payment for such 
redemptions will be in US dollars rather than in Bullion. To give effect to such redemptions, the Trustee will 
sell Bullion to the Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement in an 
amount equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Metal Securities being redeemed, calculated as at 
the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold). 
The Bullion will be sold at the price determined in the London AM Fix for the type of Bullion concerned on 
the first Business Day after the Redemption Form is lodged (or treated as lodged). Once the proceeds are 
received, they will be paid, generally through CREST, less any Redemption Fee, two Business Days 
following the date upon which the Redemption Form is lodged with the Issuer, that is, on a T+2 basis. If 
the Settlement Date would be a day which is not a “value date” in the Relevant Market, the Conditions 
provide for the Settlement Date to be postponed to the next day which is such a “value date”. In such 
circumstances the Management Fee (out of which ManJer pays all the Issuer’s expenses including the 
Custodians fees) will continue to accrue. 
A Security Holder of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities who is not an Authorised Participant may also require the redemption by way of physical delivery 
of Bullion of any or all of its of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
A14.5.3.1(c)
C 
Physical Gold Securities if the Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form and delivers the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities being 
redeemed to the Issuer. This may be done either by depositing them into an appropriate CREST account 
in the name of the Issuer or the Registrar and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in CREST 
or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise delivers such WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to the Issuer by agreement 
with the Issuer). Redemption Forms will not be treated as having been lodged until the Metal Securities 
being redeemed have been so delivered to the Issuer. Settlement for such redemptions will be by way of 
physical delivery of the relevant Bullion into the Security Holder’s Physical Security Holder Bank, rather 
than in US dollars. To give effect to such redemptions, the Trustee will, upon confirmation from the Issuer 
of satisfaction of the conditions to delivery and of its receipt in cleared Funds of the Redemption Fee, instruct 
the Custodian to transfer the relevant Bullion in an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement of such 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, calculated as 
at the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) from the Secured Metals 
Account to the applicable Metal Agent Account. After receipt of the Bullion from the Custodian, the Metal 
Agent has five business days (or any additional period up to three further business days as the Metal Agent 
determines) to make all relevant deductions in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal 
Agent Fee) and to transfer such Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank (save that where any Security 
Holder is to receive more than 250kg, the Metal Agent has a further one week per tonne (1,000kg) or part 
of a tonne). The Settlement Date for such redemptions is the date that the relevant Bullion is deposited in 
the Metal Agent Account: (i) if such day is not a business day, then the Settlement Date will be the next 
business day; or (ii) if the Custodian determines that settlement will not be completed on such date, the 
Settlement Date will be such later date, upon which the settlement is completed. The relevant Bullion will 
then be held by the Physical Security Holder Bank for the Security Holder in the manner as separately agreed 
between the Security Holder and the Physical Security Holder Bank.  
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Custodians (or the 
Metal Sale Counterparties) to effect a payment of Bullion (or US dollars) in accordance with the instructions 
of the Trustee and/or the Issuer. However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent 
practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion (or US dollars) in 
satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Metal Securities to be redeemed and the 
Security Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Metal Agent to effect 
a delivery of Bullion in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee and/or the Issuer. However, in the 
event of such failure: the Issuer will to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder its 
claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be 
redeemed, and the Security Holder will have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
If and when the relevant Bullion is delivered to the Metal Agent, it will cease to form part of the security for 
the Metal Securities and the Trustee will cease to have any right to, or interest in, that Bullion. The Trustee 
will not be a party to the Metal Agent Agreement and will not have any security interest in the Issuer’s rights 
against the Metal Agent and therefore it will have no right to enforce delivery of the relevant Bullion by the 
Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank and the Trustee will have no responsibility for 
any failure by the Custodian to deliver the Bullion to the Metal Agent, any failure by the Metal Agent to 
deliver the Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank or any failure by the Physical Security Holder Bank 
to account to the Security Holder for the relevant Bullion. It is the responsibility of the Security Holder to 
ensure that it has in place arrangements with the Physical Security Holder Bank which are adequate to 
ensure onward delivery or storage of the relevant Bullion on behalf of the Security Holder. 
Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, which are set out in Part 6 (Trust 
Instrument and the Conditions). 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees 
Application Fees and Redemption Fees will only be payable on Application for and Redemption of Metal 
Securities and not by investors who buy and sell such on the secondary market, including the London 
Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will charge Authorised Participants a fee of £500 for each Application and Redemption, 
regardless of the number of Metal Securities to be issued or redeemed. 
In the event of a compulsory redemption or where a Security Holder is permitted to lodge a Redemption 
Form, the Issuer will reduce the Redemption Fee to an amount equal to the Issuer’s cost in satisfying such

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Redemption Form, including costs of enquiries under Condition 10 (Enquiries as to status of Security Holders) 
and of giving the redemption notice (but not exceeding £500), and that amount will be charged by the Issuer 
by way of a deduction from the redemption proceeds due to such Security Holder. In the event of a 
compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form in respect of any 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be redeemed 
by way of physical delivery of Bullion to the Security Holder’s Physical Security Holder Bank, the 
Redemption Fee shall be payable by such Security Holder to the Issuer in cash only and shall not be 
capable of being offset against the Metal Entitlement. Until the Issuer has confirmed receipt of such funds, 
the Trustee cannot instruct the Custodian to transfer the relevant Bullion to the Metal Agent Account in order 
for the Metal Agent to effect the redemption. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Issuer to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of VAT 
payable in connection with Application Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Issuer may vary the Application Fees and Redemption Fees at any time after giving 30 days’ written 
notice to Authorised Participants and through an RIS. 
Metal Agent Fee 
In the event of a compulsory redemption of, or where a Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form in 
respect of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
to be redeemed by way of physical delivery of an amount of Bullion to the Security Holder’s Physical Security 
Holder Bank, and once the relevant Redemption Fee has been paid and the relevant Bullion in an amount 
equal to the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) of such WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities has been deposited in the 
Metal Agent Account, the Metal Agent will deduct the Metal Agent Fee from the Bullion. The Metal Agent 
Fee is the greater of (a) one ounce of Bullion, or (b) 1.00 per cent. of the relevant Bullion delivered to the 
Metal Agent by the Custodian, the Bullion remaining after the deduction of the Metal Agent Fee being the 
“Available Bullion”. The Metal Agent will then round the Available Bullion down to the nearest 1.00 gram 
(with the Bullion remaining following such rounding down being the “Deliverable Bullion”). The Deliverable 
Bullion shall then be transferred by the Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank. The 
amount of Bullion representing the difference between the Available Bullion less the Deliverable Bullion 
shall be transferred by the Metal Agent to ManJer. 
Separate Pools 
The Issuer has been established as an “umbrella” or “multi-class” company with separate Pools of assets so 
that the Issuer can issue separate types of securities, based on different types of Bullion or combinations 
of types of Bullion or having some other characteristics. 
Individual Securities will have recourse only to the Pool attributable to that class and not to the assets 
attributable to any other class. A single Pool secures all Metal Securities of a single class. The principal 
assets to be included in each Pool are Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to that class 
and the Custodian Agreements to the extent attributable to that class. On issue of any Metal Securities, 
the Bullion representing the Metal Entitlement thereof will be allocated to the Pool in respect of such class 
of Individual Securities or (in the case of Basket Securities) the Pools in respect of the classes of Individual 
Securities of which the Basket Securities are comprised. On a Redemption of such Metal Securities, the 
Bullion to settle the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations will be transferred from the Secured Metal Accounts 
attributable to that Pool. 
Security  
Metal Securities are constituted under the Trust Instrument. The Trustee holds all rights and entitlements 
under the Trust Instrument on trust for Security Holders. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a separate Security Deed in respect of each Pool. 
The rights and entitlements held by the Trustee under each Security Deed are held by the Trustee on trust 
for the Security Holders of that particular class of Security. 
Under the terms of each Security Deed, the Issuer has charged to the Trustee for the benefit of the Trustee and 
the relevant Security Holders by way of first fixed charge the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts 
attributable to the relevant class of Individual Security (and Basket Securities to the extent they comprise 
Individual Securities of that class) and all rights of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts. 
This means that the Bullion is held in the Secured Metal Accounts in the name of the Trustee and that the 
Trustee must consent to all movements of Bullion out of those Accounts.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Where a Security Holder (who is not an Authorised Participant) requires the redemption of its WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities in the form of Bullion 
representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all relevant deductions), such Bullion will be 
transferred from the Custodian’s Secured Metal Accounts to the applicable Metal Agent’s Account, where 
it will be held in unallocated form. When the Bullion is transferred out of the Secured Metal Accounts, the 
fixed charge, or legal mortgage, in favour of the Trustee under the Security Deeds, will fall away. The 
Settlement Date for such a redemption is the date the Bullion is received into the applicable unallocated Metal 
Agent Account, and not the date such Bullion is received with the Physical Security Holder Bank, as 
specified by the Security Holder. The Metal Agent has five Physical Metal Delivery Business Days (in the case 
of WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities) or five London Business Days (in the case of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities) (or an additional period determined by the Metal Agent up to a further three Physical Metal Delivery 
Business Days (in the case of WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities) or three London Business Days (in the 
case of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities)) from the day that the relevant Bullion was deposited 
into the Metal Agent’s Account by the Custodian, to make all relevant deductions and to then transfer such 
Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank (save that where any Security Holder is to receive more than 
250kg, the Metal Agent has a further one week per tonne (1,000kg) or part of a tonne to make such 
transfer). 
The Issuer has also, under the terms of each Security Deed, assigned to the Trustee by way of security the 
contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class under the Custodian Agreements and has granted a first-
ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee over all of the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured 
Property attributable to the applicable Pool, including but not limited to its rights under the Custodian 
Agreements and the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to that Pool. This means that whilst any such rights 
are those of the Issuer, the Trustee has certain rights in respect of the Secured Property and has limited the 
Issuer’s ability to deal in the Secured Property and to take certain prescribed actions. 
If the amounts received from the relevant Secured Metal Accounts are insufficient to meet all obligations and 
make all payments due in respect of the relevant Pool, no other assets of the Issuer shall be available to meet 
that shortfall and all further claims of the holders in respect of such class of Individual Securities (and the 
Basket Securities to the extent they comprise such Individual Securities) will be extinguished. 
Under the terms of the Trust Instrument, it is agreed that the Security Holders, or the Trustee on their 
behalf, will not, in relation to Metal Securities, institute against, or join any person in instituting against, the 
Issuer any bankruptcy, suspension of payments, moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law 
(except for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Deed) for two 
years (or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) 
ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within such 
period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one day after 
the date on which all amounts payable for all outstanding Metal Securities issued by the Issuer are repaid. 
Further details of the Trust Instrument are set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions). Further 
details of the Security Deeds are set out in Part 7 (Particulars of Security Deeds).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
A14.5.1.1C 
A14.5.2.1C 
A14.4.3A 
A14.5.1.2C 
PART 5 
THE PROGRAMME 
Overview of the Programme 
Metal Securities are being made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants. 
Applications for Metal Securities will not be accepted unless the Issuer in its discretion determines to do so. 
Only Authorised Participants may apply for and/or redeem Metal Securities (except that a Security Holder 
who is not an Authorised Participant may request redemption of Metal Securities which it holds in the event 
that on any given Business Day there are no Authorised Participants or as may be announced by the Issuer 
from time to time in accordance with the Conditions, and such Security Holder submits a valid Redemption 
Form). 
Metal Securities are available to be issued in Certificated Form or in Uncertificated Form in the CREST 
System. See “CREST” below. 
Passporting 
The purpose of passporting is to allow for the Metal Securities to be offered publicly in accordance with 
local law in the European countries listed below. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority), the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French 
Authority for the Financial Markets), the Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers (the Belgian Financial 
Services and Markets Authority), the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Netherlands Authority for the Financial 
Markets), the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (the Italian CONSOB), the 
Finansinspektionen (Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de 
Valores (Spanish Securities Market Commission), the Finanstilsynet (Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority), the Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial  Supervisory  Authority),  the  Österreichische  
Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the Luxembourg Financial Sector Supervisory Commission), the Finanstilsynet (Norwegian 
Financial Supervisory Authority) and the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego (Polish Financial Supervision 
Authority) with a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in 
other EEA States with such certificates, whether for the purpose of making a public offer in such member 
states or for admission to trading of all or any Metal Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
Listing 
Application has been made to the FCA for all Metal Securities issued within 12 months of the date of this 
document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange, for all such Metal 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market. 
The following Metal Securities have been admitted to listing on Borsa Italiana S.p.A., the London Stock 
Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam and the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt 
[General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Transparency Directive 
The Issuer announced on or about 4 January 2021 by RIS announcement that it had elected Ireland as its 
Home Member State for the purposes of the Transparency Directive. 
Procedure for Application 
Only Authorised Participants may make an Application. An Authorised Participant who wishes to apply for 
Metal Securities should complete the Application Form in accordance with the instructions thereon and the 
applicable Authorised Participant Agreement and lodge it with the Issuer.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
A14.5.1.5C 
A14.5.1.3 
As described under the heading “Applications and Redemptions — The System” in Part 4 (Description of 
Metal Securities), the Issuer intends to implement the System for enabling Authorised Participants to make 
applications and request redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for the lodging of the 
forms otherwise required by the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes 
of such applications and redemptions. Once this System has become effective it is expected that all 
applications will be made and all redemptions will be requested using this System. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Metal Securities in Certificated Form, certificates in respect of 
the Metal Securities will be dispatched within 10 London Business Days of the Metal Securities being 
issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Metal Securities in Uncertificated Form, the relevant 
CREST account will be credited on the day on which the Metal Securities are issued against payment. The 
Issuer considers it preferable that Metal Securities be held in Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any 
other provision in this document, the Issuer reserves the right to issue any Metal Securities in Certificated 
Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure 
or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on the part of the facilities and/or systems operated by 
the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may also be exercised if the correct details (such as 
participant ID and member account details) are not provided as requested on the Application Form. No 
temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch of security certificates, transfers will be 
certified against the register. 
By completing and lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application order through the system, the 
Applicant confirms and agrees that: 
(a) 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
(b) 
no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for 
any information or representation not contained in this document; 
(c) 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; 
(d) 
it is not a UCITS Fund; and 
(e) 
it understands that Metal Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone. 
Further details on the procedure for applications are set out under the heading “Applications and 
Redemptions” in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities). 
Subscription for Metal Securities 
All Bullion being used to apply for Initial Metal Securities and any other Basket Securities to the extent 
comprised of any Initial Individual Metal Securities must be deposited into the Initial Subscription 
Unallocated Account. 
All Bullion being used to apply for the Swiss Gold Metal Securities must be deposited into the loco Zurich 
Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account or the loco London Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated 
Account. An Application to create WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities by deposit of unallocated 
Bullion loco London will only be accepted if the Authorised Participant has first agreed with the Swiss Gold 
Custodian the cost of any loco swap that the Swiss Gold Custodian will use to effect gold transfers between 
the loco London Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account and the loco Zurich Swiss Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account and has undertaken to reimburse the Swiss Gold Custodian for any amount owed under 
such swap. 
Bullion held in a Subscription Unallocated Account in respect of valid Applications will not be subject to the 
security created by the Security Deeds but will be held on trust for the Applicant pending the transfer of such 
Bullion to the Secured Metal Accounts. If the relevant Application is rejected or if the relevant Applicant 
has deposited excess Bullion, such Bullion (or the excess amount thereof as the case may be) will be held 
for the benefit of the Applicant and will be returned to such Applicant as soon as practicable at the risk of 
the Applicant. To the extent that an Applicant deposits Bullion into the applicable Subscription Unallocated 
Account in excess of the amount required for the number of Metal Securities applied for, such excess 
Bullion shall be returned to the relevant Applicant as soon as practicable. 
The Metal Securities in respect of which the deposit has been made will not be issued until the Custodian has 
confirmed to the Issuer that it has completed the transfer to the relevant Secured Unallocated Account.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
A17.2.1.3B 
A14.4.3(a)A 
Settlement 
CREST, Euroclear and ESES 
The Issuer is a participating issuer in, and the Metal Securities are participating securities in, CREST, a 
paperless multi currency electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) to 
be evidenced otherwise than by written instrument, and transferring such securities electronically with 
effective delivery versus payment. Accordingly, to the extent that Metal Securities are issued in 
Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in the Metal Securities will take place within the CREST 
system. 
ESES is an integrated settlement platform, managed by Euroclear, enabling market participants in the 
Euronext markets of Belgium, France and the Netherlands to process all fixed-income, equity and other 
domestic securities transactions with the same platform. With ESES, cross-border transactions between 
counterparties in Belgium, France and the Netherlands are processed as domestic transactions. As a 
result, Euroclear is eliminating in those ESES markets the complexities, risks and excess costs of specific 
cross-border transactions. 
Settlement and Delivery on NYSE Euronext 
NYSE Euronext Paris is the market of reference for all Metal Securities traded on Euronext markets of 
Belgium, France and the Netherlands. Thus, pursuant to ESES procedure, all trades of Metal Securities 
listed on Euronext Amsterdam will be executed on the single order book held at NYSE Euronext Paris and 
settled and cleared in the manner as described below. 
All Metal Securities traded on Euronext Amsterdam will be recorded in the Register in the name of 
Euroclear France and held beneficially for persons who have bought through NYSE Euronext Paris, NYSE 
Euronext Amsterdam or NYSE Euronext Brussels. For those persons Euroclear will maintain its own record 
of holders (“French sub-register”). All Metal Securities traded on NYSE Euronext Amsterdam benefit from 
the ESES procedure and will be settled and cleared through the normal Euroclear systems. Market-makers 
and other account holders at Euroclear will be permitted to transfer securities between the Register and 
the French sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to other markets which Metal Securities may 
be admitted to trading and thereby be able to move securities between the London Stock Exchange, such 
other markets and NYSE Euronext. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Metal Securities held through Euroclear France, 
the Issuer will treat Euroclear France (or such other Euroclear company) as the single security holder of 
such Metal Securities and the holders recorded in the French sub register must look to Euroclear France to 
receive any and all entitlements under such Metal Securities. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
Collective Safe Custody 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Metal Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, as at the date 
of this Prospectus, Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (“Clearstream”) will issue, for each type and 
the relevant number of Metal Securities, a Global Bearer Certificate (the “Global Bearer Certificate”) in the 
German language created under German law (“Collective Safe Custody”). The Global Bearer Certificates 
will have the following German ISIN Codes: 
Type of Global Bearer Certificate: 
ISIN Code: 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
DE000A0N62D7 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
DE000A0N62E5 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
DE000A0N62F2 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
DE000A0N62G0 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket  
DE000A0N62H8 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
DE000A1DCTL3 
 
A non-binding English language translation of the conditions of the Global Bearer Certificate is set out in 
Part 9 (Global Bearer Certificates (Germany)) of this Prospectus and the definitive German language text 
is annexed hereto in Annexes 1 and 2. 
For each Global Bearer Certificate, the relevant number and type of Metal Securities will be registered in 
the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England (the “Nominee”) in the relevant Register of 
Security Holders and credited to a separate safe custody account of Clearstream with Citibank N.A.,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
London, England (the “Custodian”). The safe custody account assigned to the Metal Securities (the 
“Safe Custody Account”) will be designated “Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft (Clearstream) — 
Special Safe Custody Account for Metal Securities Global Bearer Certificate” — followed by the name of the 
type of Metal Security concerned as set out in Annex 2. 
In accordance with the conditions governing the Global Bearer Certificate: 
 
each co-owner thereof will be entitled, at his expense, to demand at any time that Clearstream 
arrange for the registration of the co-owner or a third party designated by him, in the relevant 
Register of Security Holders of the number of Metal Securities corresponding to his co ownership 
share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate; and 
 
any registered holder of Metal Securities will be entitled, at his expense, to have his Metal Securities 
delivered to the Custodian for crediting to the Safe Custody Account against a corresponding co-
ownership share in the Global Bearer Certificate. 
Whenever the number of Metal Securities represented by the Global Bearer Certificate changes (as a 
result, for example, of deliveries to the Safe Custody Account, withdrawals from the Safe Custody Account 
or issues or redemptions of Metal Securities), Clearstream will amend the Global Bearer Certificate 
accordingly. 
Non-Collective Safe Custody 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Metal Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, settlement 
and delivery may take place through Clearstream and a chain of custodians.  Security Holders will receive 
a credit in securities account (Gutschrift in Wertpapierrechnung) for the securities in their securities 
account with the respective custodian bank. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Issuer will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as fractional 
rights and entitlements are concerned. 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the Custodian and paid by Clearstream to 
the respective co-owners. Any subscription rights or other rights and any fractional rights relating to the 
Metal Securities in the Safe Custody Account will be held by Clearstream at the disposal of HSBC Trinkaus 
& Burkhardt AG (the “Bank”). Upon the request of the Bank, Clearstream will give instructions to the 
Custodian for the exercise, purchase or sale of such subscription rights, other rights or fractional rights. In 
case of any flow of cash amounts resulting out of such transactions, Clearstream will without delay inform 
the Bank by fax of the net proceeds or the net costs, respectively, and the related value date. The net 
proceeds or the net costs, respectively, must be credited or debited to the Bank’s cash account with 
Clearstream or as otherwise agreed between Clearstream and the Bank. 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking Act and licensed as the German 
Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional depository 
that holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions 
among them through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts, thereby eliminating the need 
for physical movement of the securities. Clearstream also provides other services to its customers, including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at Neue Börsenstraße 1, D-60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Metal Securities remain outstanding, copies of this 
Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the summary thereto and all 
financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the Issuer pursuant to the 
applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, and a copy of the documents 
referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
All Metal Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the Register in the name of 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. For 
those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (“Italian sub-register”). All Metal 
Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible for settlement through the normal Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Market makers and 
other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted to transfer securities between the Register 
and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to other markets to which the Metal 
Securities may be admitted to trading, and thereby be able to move securities between the London Stock 
Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Metal Securities held through Monte Titoli S.p.A., 
the Issuer will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. (or such nominee) as the single security holder of such Metal 
Securities and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to receive 
any and all entitlements under such Metal Securities. 
Registers 
The Registrar will maintain the Registers in Jersey. 
UCITS and CIS 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer has received legal advice that: 
(a) the Metal Securities do not constitute units in a collective investment scheme; 
(b) the Metal Securities are capable of constituting transferable securities and do not give rise to 
an investment in precious metals or constitute certificates representing precious metals and 
are therefore capable of being eligible investments for a UCITS Scheme; and 
(c) for the purposes of COLL 5.2.29(R)(2) of the FCA Handbook, all outstanding Metal Securities 
will constitute “debt securities”. 
With respect to (c), the Issuer believes that in calculating the amount of debt securities of the Issuer in 
issue at any time the principal amount of such securities should be used. 
Prospective investing UCITS Schemes would need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Metal 
Securities in their own circumstances would be in line with their investment objectives and comply with the 
relevant parts of the FCA Handbook. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants for Metal Securities may be required. The anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Authorised Participants. 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application through the System, each Authorised Participant 
confirms that it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time to time) (in 
relation to Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the 
Payer) Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws 
and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Issuer 
at the time of lodging the Application Form, or, at the absolute discretion of the Issuer, at such specified 
time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, 
the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 
2017 and/or any other applicable legislation. 
The secretary is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity 
requirements apply to any Authorised Participant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. 
Neither the Issuer nor the secretary shall be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage 
suffered as a result of the exercise of their discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Issuer unless evidence of such Authorised Participant’s identity 
satisfactory to the Issuer and its agents is provided.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Metal Securities will be specified in the 
applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be delivered to a Secured Metal Account and used as part of the 
security for the Metal Securities of the applicable class(es).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
A19.1.3C 
A14.4.5C 
A14.4.12C 
A14.5.1.4C
A14.4.7B 
A19.2.2.1C 
A14.4.2A 
A14.4.4C 
A14.4.11 
PART 6 
TRUST INSTRUMENT AND THE CONDITIONS 
The issue of up to 1,000,000,000 Metal Securities of each type in the form of Individual Securities and 
Basket Securities of the Issuer (each having the Principal Amount stated in paragraph 4 of Part 11 
(Additional Information)), of any of the classes and categories described in this Prospectus, was authorised 
pursuant to resolutions of the Board passed on 4 April 2007 and 9 December 2009. 
Metal Securities will be constituted by the Trust Instrument, which is governed by Jersey law and secured by 
the Security Deeds which are governed by English law. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument the Trustee 
may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, duties and 
discretions in respect of Metal Securities upon such terms and subject to such conditions and regulations as 
the Trustee may in the interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The Trustee is a public limited company registered in England with number 1675231 whose registered 
office is at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX and which was incorporated on 2 November 
1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the Trust 
Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
The extract from the Trust Instrument below is drafted in legal language, however, information on how the 
terms and conditions apply to Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 
(General) and Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities). The conditions of issue of each type of Metal 
Securities are set out in the Trust Instrument. 
 
Please also note that the use of the term “Listing” in this extract from the Trust Instrument should be read 
as a reference to the UK Official List as defined in the section of this Prospectus under the heading 
“Definitions and Interpretation”. 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into a ninth supplemental trust instrument dated 20 November 2020 
pursuant to which the Conditions were amended with effect from 20 November 2020 to make provision for 
the WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities.   
The Conditions 
The following are the conditions applicable to the Metal Securities: 
The Metal Securities are undated, limited recourse, secured debt securities of WisdomTree Metal 
Securities Limited (the “Issuer”) and are constituted by, are issued subject to and have the benefit of, a 
trust instrument dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as 
trustee for the holders of Metal Securities, as amended by a supplemental trust instrument dated  15 April 
2008, a second supplemental trust instrument dated 11 December 2009, a third supplemental trust 
instrument dated 20 August 2013, a fourth supplemental trust instrument dated 13 August 2014, a fifth 
supplemental trust instrument dated 12 October 2016, a sixth supplemental trust instrument dated 28 
December 2017, (the “Sixth Supplemental Trust Instrument”) a seventh supplemental trust instrument 
dated 31 July 2019, an eighth supplemental trust instrument dated 28 May 2020 and a ninth supplemental 
trust instrument dated 20 November 2020 and are governed by Jersey law. 
The Security Holders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument and the Security Deeds (as defined below) and the Conditions set out 
below. 
1 
DEFINED TERMS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1 
In these Conditions, the following words and expressions have the following meanings: 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with that person; and for this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
“Authorised Participant” means a person which has entered into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with the Issuer in relation to Metal Securities and which (a) is a securities house or other 
market professional approved by the Issuer (in its absolute discretion); (b) is an Authorised Person, 
an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; and (c) is not a UCITS Fund 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means a written agreement between the Issuer and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Authorised Participant”, distribution agent 
or in a substantially similar function in relation to Metal Securities and if such agreement is subject 
to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been satisfied 
“Authorised Person” means a person authorised for the purposes of FSMA 
“Basket Securities” means Metal Securities of a category specified in the relevant list in the Sixth 
Schedule (Types of Metal Securities) of the Trust Instrument and any other category of Basket 
Securities that may be constituted from time to time 
“Bullion” means any and all of platinum, palladium, silver and gold 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) in relation to any or all of WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, WisdomTree Physical 
Palladium Securities and WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities (and any other 
Basket Security comprised inter alia, of WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities or 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities) and any Bullion forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect thereof, a day which is both a London Business Day and a Zurich Business 
Day; 
(b) in relation to WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities and 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (and any Basket Security comprised only of 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities and WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities) and any 
Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect thereof, a London Business Day; and 
(c) in relation to WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the 
Secured Property in respect thereof, a day which is both a London Business Day and a Zurich 
Business Day. 
“category” means in relation to Basket Securities, the type of Basket Security determined by the mix 
of different classes and proportions of Individual Securities comprised in the Basket Security 
“Certificated” or “Certificated Form” means not in Uncertificated Form 
“class” means a class of Individual Securities under which the Issuer’s obligations to make payment 
and/or deliver Bullion are determined by reference to a particular metal 
“comprised in” and “comprised of” in relation to a Basket Security means the Individual Securities by 
reference to which the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for which a Basket 
Security (when in Certificated Form) may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument and “comprise” and “comprised” shall be construed accordingly 
“Compulsory Metal Sale Date” in relation to any Metal Securities means the second Business Day 
following a Final Redemption Notice Date in respect of such type of Metal Securities, provided that if 
the relevant Metal Sale Counterparty notifies the Trustee that sale of Bullion of that type (or of each 
relevant type where more than one type of Metal Security is being Redeemed) cannot be effected on 
the Relevant Market on that day, the Compulsory Metal Sale Date shall be postponed to the 
immediately following Business Day 
“Compulsory Redemption” means a Redemption of the Metal Securities in accordance with 
Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemptions by the Issuer or the Trustee) 
“Compulsory Redemption Information” has the meaning as set out at Condition 7.7.6 
(Compulsory Redemptions) 
“Compulsory Redemption Notice Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event) the date specified by the 
Trustee as such in accordance with that Condition and in relation to any Redemption pursuant to

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
A9.7.1 
Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) the date specified by the Issuer as such in 
accordance with that Condition 
“Compulsory Settlement Date” means in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7 
(Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee), the date determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.7.2 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions on and subject to which Metal Securities are issued 
in the form or substantially in the form set out in the Schedule 1 to the Sixth Supplemental Trust 
Instrument as the same may from time to time be modified in accordance with the Trust Instrument 
and any reference herein to a particular specified Condition or paragraph or sub- paragraph of such 
a Condition shall be construed accordingly 
 “Controller” means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his 
shareholdings in such company; 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in 
such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of such company by virtue of his 
voting power in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power in the 
parent undertaking of such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the parent undertaking of 
such company by virtue of his voting rights 
“Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements” means the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated 
Account Agreement, the Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Core 
Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Core Physical Gold Metal Agent” means an entity engaged by the Issuer to facilitate the physical 
delivery of the relevant Bullion, upon the instruction of the Issuer, (pursuant to either (a) a 
Redemption by way of Metal Delivery under Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders 
– WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities) or (b) a Compulsory Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemptions), from the applicable Metal Agent Account to the 
Physical Security Holder Bank  
“Core Physical Gold Metal Agent Agreement” means the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent for the provision of physical Bullion delivery services  
“Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement” means the Initial Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement as it applies in relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities  
“Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account” means the allocated loco London gold Bullion 
account established in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Security Deed) with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated 
Account Agreement  
“Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement” means the Initial Secured 
Allocated Account Agreement as it applies in relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities  
“Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account” means the unallocated loco London Bullion 
account established in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Core Physical 
Gold Security Deed) with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Core Physical Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement  
“Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement as it applies in relation to the Core Physical Gold Securities  
“Core Physical Gold Securities” means WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
“Core Physical Gold Security Deed” means the Security Deed pertaining to the Pool to which the 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities are attributable  
“Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account” means the unallocated loco London 
gold Bullion account established by the Issuer with the Initial Custodian in the name of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement  
“Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Initial 
Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement as it applies in relation to the Core Physical Gold 
Securities 
“CREST” means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the holding of securities in 
Uncertificated Form administered by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
“Custodian” means each of the Initial Custodian and the Swiss Gold Custodian, and: 
(a) 
in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of any 
Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect thereof, means the Initial Custodian; 
(b) 
in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof, means the Initial Custodian; and 
(c) 
in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Custodian 
“Custodian Agreements” means the Initial Custodian Agreements, the Swiss Gold Custodian 
Agreements and the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements, and: 
(a) 
in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of any 
Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect thereof, means the Initial Custodian Agreements; 
(b) 
in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect thereof, means the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements; and 
(c) 
in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements 
“Defaulted Obligation” means the failure of the Issuer to make or procure any payment of cash or 
delivery of Bullion in respect of the redemption of any Metal Securities when due, and such failure 
is not remedied within 48 hours of receipt of notice requiring remedy of the same 
“Documents” means the Trust Instrument, the Security Deeds, the Custodian Agreements, the 
Metal Sale Counterparty Agreements, all Authorised Participant Agreements, the Service 
Agreement, the Metal Agent Agreements and the Registrar Agreement 
“Domestic Market” means the main market of the London Stock Exchange 
“ETFSL” means ETF Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey with registered number 88370 
“Exempt Person” means a person who, in entering into and performing the terms of an Authorised 
Participant Agreement, is acting in the course of a business comprising a regulated activity in 
relation to which it is exempt from the need to be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of 
the FSMA or associated secondary legislation 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means in respect of a particular type or particular types taken together of 
Metal Securities either (a) a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting of the holders of Metal 
Securities of such type or types by a majority consisting of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of such type or types of Metal Securities voting on such resolution or (b) a 
resolution in writing of holders of such type or types of Metal Securities holding not less than 75 per 
cent. by Principal Amount of such type or types of Metal Securities, and in the cases of (a) and (b) 
where so provided for in the Trust Instrument or these Conditions, holders of Basket Securities may 
for these purposes be treated as holders of the relevant class or classes of Individual Securities 
“FCA” means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
“FCA Glossary” means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions used in the FCA 
Handbook 
“FCA Handbook” means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance (as amended) 
“Final Redemption Notice Date” means the tenth Business Day following the Final Trading Date 
“Final Trading Date” means the date specified by the Issuer in relation to any type of Metal 
Securities pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination) (with effect from 
which date, subject to compliance with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, the Issuer will 
apply for trading on the Domestic Market (and any other stock exchange or market on which they 
are then admitted to trading) in such type of Metal Securities to be suspended or cancelled) 
“FSMA” means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
“Further Securities” means securities issued by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Further 
Securities; Other Pools; Consolidation and Division) 
“Individual Securities” means Metal Securities of a class specified in the relevant list in the Sixth 
Schedule (Types of Metal Securities) of the Trust Instrument and any other category of Individual 
Securities that may be constituted from time to time 
“Initial Basket Security” means the Precious Metals category undated limited recourse secured 
debt securities of US$9.40 in principal amount each of the Issuer, created pursuant to and 
constituted by the Trust Instrument and recorded on the relevant Register of Basket Securities, and 
“WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities” shall be construed accordingly 
“Initial Custodian” means HSBC Bank USA, National Association, a national association 
incorporated in the State of Delaware, United States of America, whose principal place of business in 
England is at 8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ and an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of 
HSBC Holdings p.l.c. or such other person or persons (being a member of each Relevant 
Association) who provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the Initial 
Custodian Agreements and the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements 
“Initial Custodian Agreements” means the Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the Initial 
Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement 
“Initial Individual Metal Securities” means WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities, and 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities 
“Initial Metal Sale Counterparty” means HSBC Bank USA, National Association or such other 
person as may from time to time be the counterparty under the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement and the Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
“Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Account” means such unallocated Bullion account of the Initial 
Metal Sale Counterparty as may be specified in or pursuant to the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement or the Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
“Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement” means the agreement dated 18 April 2007 between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and HSBC Bank USA, National Association as amended from time to time or any 
successor agreement to which the Issuer and Trustee are party providing for the sale of Bullion 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of Initial Metal Securities from time 
to time at the request of the Trustee 
“Initial Metal Securities” means the WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities, WisdomTree 
Physical Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities and WisdomTree Physical 
Gold Securities and WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket 
“Initial Secured Allocated Account” means the allocated Bullion account number 19235 
established in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Initial Security Deeds) 
with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
“Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement” means the Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the 
Initial Security Deeds) and the Initial Custodian pursuant to which the Initial Secured Allocated 
Account is established and operated 
“Initial Secured Unallocated Account” means the unallocated Bullion account number 19235 
established in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Initial Security Deeds) 
with the Initial Custodian pursuant to the Initial Secured Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Initial Secured Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the 
Initial Security Deeds) and the Initial Custodian pursuant to which the Initial Secured Unallocated 
Account is established and operated 
“Initial Security Deeds” means the Security Deeds pertaining to the Pools to which the Initial Metal 
Securities are attributable 
“Initial Subscription Unallocated Account” means the unallocated Bullion account number 19236 
established by the Issuer with the Initial Custodian in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the Initial 
Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Subscription Unallocated 
Account Agreement dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer and the Initial Custodian pursuant to 
which the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account is established and operated 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer (1) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (3) makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) has a declaration made against 
it declaring the assets of the Issuer en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 
1990, as amended; (5) institutes or has instituted against it any other proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition 
(A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (6) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (7) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; (8) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days 
thereafter; (9) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (8) 
(inclusive); or (10) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or 
acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts, provided that no action taken by the Trustee in respect of 
the Issuer pursuant to the Trust Instrument or a Security Deed shall constitute an Issuer Insolvency 
Event 
“Issuer’s 
Website” 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu or such other internet address as may be notified to Security Holders 
and the Trustee by RIS announcement 
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940 “Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
“LBMA” means The London Bullion Market Association and where the context requires includes the 
London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. and the London Silver Market Fixing Ltd. 
“LBMA Value Date” means in relation to the Redemption of any Metal Securities the second 
Business Day following the applicable Metal Sale Date, Compulsory Metal Sale Date or Compulsory

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Redemption Notice Date (as the case may be, and each case in this definition the “Contract Date”), 
provided that if the LBMA determines that the “value date” for a “contract date” on the Contract Date 
should be later than two Business Days after a “contract date”, then the LBMA Value Date shall be 
such day as specified by the LBMA as the relevant “value date” 
“Listing” means admission of the Metal Securities to the Official List in accordance with the Listing 
Rules and admission of the Metal Securities to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s market for 
listed securities (or any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than 
one such market) becoming effective 
“Listing Rules” means the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority from time to time made under 
Section 73A of FSMA 
“London Bullion market” means the over-the-counter market in gold and silver co-ordinated by the 
LBMA 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
England) on which commercial banks generally and the London Bullion market are open for the 
transaction of business in London 
“London Stock Exchange” means London Stock Exchange plc or its market for listed securities (or 
any of such markets if the London Stock Exchange has at any time more than one such market), as 
the context may require 
“LPPM” means The London Platinum and Palladium Market 
“LPPM Value Date” means in relation to the Redemption of any Metal Securities the second 
Business Day following the applicable Metal Sale Date, Compulsory Metal Sale Date or Compulsory 
Redemption Notice Date (as the case may be, and each case in this definition the “Contract Date”), 
provided that if the LPPM determines that a “value date” for a “trade date” on the Contract Date 
should be later than two Business Days after a “trade date”, then the LPPM Value Date shall be 
such day as specified by the LPPM as the relevant “value date” 
“Management Fee” means the management fee payable by the Issuer to ManJer or any Affiliate or 
successor of ManJer in consideration for the provision by ManJer or any Affiliate of ManJer of all 
management and administration services in relation to the Programme, as set out in the Prospectus, 
as that amount may be adjusted from time to time 
“ManJer” means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited, a company incorporated and registered 
in Jersey, with registered number 106921 
“Metal Agent” means each of the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent and the Swiss Gold Metal Agent 
and: 
(a) 
in relation to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities means the Core Physical Gold 
Metal Agent; and 
(a) 
in relation to WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities means the Swiss Gold Metal Agent 
“Metal Agent Account” means, in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities and 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, the unallocated account in the name of the applicable 
Metal Agent, established to receive the relevant Bullion from the Custodian in connection with a 
Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery 
"Metal Agent Agreements" means the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent Agreement and the Swiss 
Gold Metal Agent Agreement and: 
(a) 
in relation to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities means the Core Physical Gold 
Metal Agent Agreement; and 
(b) 
in relation to WisdomTree Swiss Gold Securities means the Swiss Gold Metal Agent 
Agreement 
“Metal Agent Fee” means the applicable fee payable by a Redeeming Physical Security Holder in 
connection with a Physical Metal Delivery, pursuant to Condition 9.5 (Redemption Fee and Metal 
Agent Fee), or such other amount which (a) in the case of an increase to the Metal Agent Fee,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
shall be notified to Security Holders by a RIS announcement no less than 30 days prior to such 
increased fee becoming effective; or (b) in the case of a decrease to the Metal Agent Fee, shall be 
applicable with immediate effect and thereafter notified to Security Holders by a RIS announcement. 
“Metal Delivery” means in relation to the Redemption of any Metal Securities, settlement of the 
Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by delivery of Bullion in accordance with these 
Conditions. “Metal Entitlement” means as at any date and in relation to any Metal Security the 
amount(s) of Bullion to which the Security Holder is entitled on Redemption of that Metal Security on 
that date in accordance with Condition 5 (Metal Entitlement) 
“Metal Sale” means in relation to the Redemption of any Metal Securities, settlement of the Issuer’s 
Redemption Obligations in respect thereof by sale of Bullion to the Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant 
to the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement and payment of the proceeds of sale to the relevant 
Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
“Metal Sale Counterparty” means each of the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty and the Swiss Gold 
Metal Sale Counterparty, and: 
(a) 
in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of 
any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect thereof, means the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty; 
(b) 
in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect thereof, means the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty; and 
(c) 
in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty 
“Metal Sale Counterparty Account” means each of the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Account 
and the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Account, and: 
(a) 
in relation to the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty, means the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty 
Account; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty, means the Swiss Gold Metal Sale 
Counterparty Account 
“Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement” means each of the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement, the Core Physical Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement and the Swiss Gold Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement, and: 
(a) 
in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of 
any Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect thereof, means the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement; 
(b) 
in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect thereof, means the Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement; and 
(c) 
in relation to the Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured 
Property in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
“Metal Sale Date” means, with respect to a Redemption pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption of 
Metal Securities) of any Metal Securities to be effected by Metal Sale, the first Business Day 
following the Redemption Notice Date for that Redemption, provided that if the Metal Sale 
Counterparty notifies the Trustee that sale of Bullion of the applicable type cannot be effected on the 
Relevant Market on that day, the Metal Sale Date shall be postponed to the immediately following 
Business Day 
“Metal Securities” means Individual Securities and Basket Securities 
“Official List” means the Official List maintained by the UK Listing Authority for the purpose of Part 
VI of FSMA 
“ounces” or “oz” means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals 31.1034768 grammes 
“outstanding” means in relation to each type of Metal Securities, all the Metal Securities of that type 
issued and in respect of which there is for the time being an entry in the Register other than:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(a) 
Metal Securities which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
and 
(b) 
Metal Securities which have been purchased and cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument 
PROVIDED THAT for the purpose of the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security 
Holders or any of them and certain other purposes of this Trust Instrument, Metal Securities (if any) 
which are for the time being held by, for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Issuer, (B) ETFSL, (C) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer, (D) any individual Controller of the Issuer or (E) any person controlled 
by any such persons listed in (A) to (D) above shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be 
deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly the holders of such Metal Securities shall be 
deemed not to be Security Holders 
“Overseas Person” means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in section 19 of 
the FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in the United Kingdom and whose head office 
is situated outside the United Kingdom 
“Physical Metal Delivery” means delivery of the relevant Bullion to a Physical Security Holder Bank 
either (a) by way of Redemption by Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by 
Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities); or (b) by Compulsory 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemptions) 
“Physical Metal Delivery Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a 
public holiday in England) on which commercial banks are open for the transaction of business in 
Frankfurt, and the London Bullion market is open for business 
“Physical Metal Delivery Terms” in relation to the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by Physical Metal Delivery means the 
terms and conditions specified from time to time by the Issuer upon which the Issuer will procure 
delivery to the Security Holder of Bullion in physical form in satisfaction of its Redemption Obligations 
“Physical Security Holder Bank” means: 
(a) in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities, a credit institution authorised in 
Germany which has agreed to accept deliveries of Bullion of the appropriate type to be held on 
behalf of and on account for the Security Holder; and 
(b) in respect of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, a credit institution authorised in any of 
the United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction from time to time approved 
by the Issuer which has agreed to accept deliveries of Bullion of the appropriate type to be held 
on behalf of and on account for the Security Holder,  
in each case as notified by the Security Holder in the Redemption Form or Compulsory Redemption 
Information (as applicable) 
“Pool” means a separate fund or pool to which Individual Securities of a particular class (and Basket 
Securities to the extent that they are comprised of that class of Individual Securities) are attributable 
“Principal Amount” means in respect of each Metal Security the amount specified in the relevant list 
in the Sixth Schedule (Types of Metal Securities) of the Trust Instrument 
“Programme” means the programme for the issue of Metal Securities 
“Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor” means any “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of 
section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”), subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to which section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity 
whose underlying assets include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 
29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3 101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a 
Plan’s investment in such entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any U.S. Federal, 
state or local law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code, or any person who holds Metal Securities on behalf of, for the benefit of or with any assets 
of any such Plan or entity

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
“Prohibited Physical Redemption” in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities has 
the meaning given in Condition 6.3A.2 and in respect of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
has the meaning given in Condition 6.4A.2  
“Prohibited Security Holder” in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities has the 
meaning given in Condition 6.3A.2 and in respect of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities has 
the meaning given in Condition 6.4A.2 
“Prohibited US Person” means a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, or any person who 
holds Metal Securities for the benefit of a US Person who is not a Qualified Purchaser 
“Prospectus” means the base prospectus of the Issuer in relation to the Metal Securities, as the 
same may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time 
“Qualified Purchaser” means a “qualified purchaser” as defined under the Investment Company 
Act 
“Redeeming Physical Security Holder” the holder of Swiss Gold Metal Securities or WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold Securities subject to Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery 
“Redemption” means the redemption of Metal Securities by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Conditions (and “Redeem” shall be construed accordingly) 
“Redemption Fee” means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption of Metal 
Securities pursuant to Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee) 
“Redemption Form” means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary in content depending on 
the method of Redemption required or elected for, for such Metal Securities) prescribed from time to 
time by the Issuer for requesting Redemption of Metal Securities and includes a Redemption Order 
and reference to a copy of a Redemption Form in the context of a Redemption Order includes a copy 
of a report generated through the System containing the details of such Redemption Order 
“Redemption Notice Date” means a Business Day on which a valid Redemption Form is received 
provided that a Redemption Form received after 4.30 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day 
will be treated as having been received on the next Business Day 
“Redemption Obligations” means the obligation of the Issuer on Redemption of a Metal Security to 
make payment or deliver Bullion to the relevant Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
“Redemption Order” means a request to Redeem Metal Securities given through the System 
“Registers” means the registers of Security Holders of each type kept and maintained by the 
Registrar and “Register” shall be construed accordingly. At the date of issue of the first WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities there are six Registers, one for each of the six different types of Metal 
Securities then created pursuant to the Trust Instrument and at the date of issue of the first 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities there are or will be seven Registers, one for each of the 
seven different types of Metal Securities then created pursuant to the Trust Instrument 
“Registrar” means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or such other person as may 
be appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the Registers 
“Registrar Agreement” means the registrar agreement dated 31 December 2012 between the 
Registrar, the Issuer and the Trustee 
“Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 including any 
modifications thereto or any regulations in substitution therefor made and for the time being in force 
which, inter alia, enable title to Metal Securities to be evidenced otherwise than by a certificate and 
transferred otherwise than by a written instrument 
“Relevant Association” means: 
(a) 
in respect of platinum and palladium, the LPPM or its successors; and 
(b) 
in respect of silver and gold, the LBMA or its successors  
“Relevant Market” means:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of platinum and palladium, the Zurich Bullion market; and 
(b) 
in respect of silver and gold, the London Bullion market 
“repay”, “redeem” and “pay” shall each include both the others and cognate expressions shall be 
construed accordingly 
“RIS” means a Regulatory Information Service (as defined for the purposes of the Listing Rules) 
from time to time chosen by the Issuer 
“Rules” means the rules (including the rules as to Good Delivery), regulations and customs of the 
LBMA 
“Secured Metal Accounts” means the Initial Secured Allocated Account, the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account, the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account, the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account, the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account and the Swiss Gold 
Secured Unallocated Accounts, and: 
(a) in relation to Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of any 
Initial Individual Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property in respect 
thereof, means the Initial Secured Allocated Account and the Initial Secured Unallocated 
Accounts; 
(b) in relation to Core Physical Gold Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
thereof, means the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account and the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account; and 
(c) in relation to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and any Bullion forming part of the Secured Property 
in respect thereof, means the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account and the Swiss Gold Secured 
Unallocated Accounts 
“Secured Property” means in relation to each class of Individual Security (and each category of 
Basket Security to the extent it comprises Individual Securities of that class): 
(a) 
all Bullion of the applicable type credited to the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to such 
class; and 
the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts attributable to such class including 
all rights of the Issuer in the Custodian Agreements, 
or any part or parts thereof 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
“Security” means in respect of each Pool the security constituted by the applicable Security Deed 
“Security Deeds” means in respect of each Pool, the security deed pertaining to that Pool, in each 
case entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee 
“Security Holder” means a registered holder of Metal Securities  
“Security Holder Account” means: 
(a) in relation to any Initial Metal Securities, any other Basket Securities to the extent comprised of any 
Initial Individual Metal Securities to be Redeemed by Metal Delivery, an unallocated account with 
a member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a Basket Security, one or more 
unallocated accounts with one or more members of the Relevant Associations) specified by a 
Security Holder into which Bullion of the appropriate type may be deposited; and 
(b) in relation to any Swiss Gold Metal Securities to be Redeemed by Metal Delivery, (1) pursuant 
to a Redemption in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption by Authorised Participants) or 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders), either an unallocated loco Zurich account 
with the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian or any other gold bullion clearing bank in Zurich or an 
unallocated loco London or loco Zurich account with the Swiss Gold Custodian or any other 
member of the Relevant Association in each case specified by a Security Holder into which

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Bullion of the appropriate type may be deposited; or (2) pursuant to a Redemption by way of 
Physical Metal Delivery, a Physical Security Holder Bank; and 
(c) in relation to any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be Redeemed by Metal Delivery, 
(1) pursuant to a Redemption in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption by Authorised 
Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders), an unallocated loco 
London account with a member of the Relevant Association specified by a Security Holder into 
which gold may be deposited; or (2) pursuant to a Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery, 
a Physical Security Holder Bank 
“Service Agreement” means the service agreement dated 18 April 2007 between ManJer (following 
the novation of such agreement) and the Issuer providing for certain services to be provided by 
ManJer or any Affiliate or successor of ManJer to the Issuer in relation to the Metal Securities 
“Settlement Date” means (a) in relation to any Application, the date two Business Days after the 
Application Date; and (b) in relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Redemption by 
Authorised Participants), Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) Condition 6.3A 
(Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 
6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities), the date 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.12 (Settlement Date) 
“Sterling” or “£” means pounds sterling 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to that term in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 
“Swiss Gold Custodian” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, a national banking 
association organised under the laws of the United States of America, whose principal place of 
business in England is at 125 London Wall, London EC2Y 5AJ or such other person or persons 
(being a member of each Relevant Association) who provides custody and transfer facilities from 
time to time pursuant to the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements 
“Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements” means the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement, the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Swiss Gold 
Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Metal Agent” means any entity engaged by the Issuer to facilitate physical delivery of 
the relevant Bullion, upon the instruction of the Issuer, (pursuant to either (a) a Redemption by way 
of Metal Delivery under Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or (b) a Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b) 
(Compulsory Redemptions), from the applicable Metal Agent Account to the Physical Security 
Holder Bank  
“Swiss Gold Metal Agent Agreement” means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
the Swiss Gold Metal Agent for the provision of physical Bullion delivery services 
“Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association or 
such other person as may from time to time be the counterparty under the Swiss Gold Metal Sale 
Counterparty Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Account” means such unallocated Bullion account of the 
Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty as may be specified in or pursuant to the Swiss Gold Metal 
Sale Counterparty Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement” means the agreement dated 11 December 
2009 between the Issuer, the Trustee and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association or any 
successor agreement to which the Issuer and Trustee are party providing for the sale of Bullion 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of Swiss Gold Metal Securities from 
time to time at the request of the Trustee 
“Swiss Gold Metal Securities” means WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
“Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account” means the allocated Bullion account number 01311 
established in the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Swiss Gold Security 
Deed) with the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
“Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement” means the Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement dated 11 December 2009 and an amendment deed to the Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement dated 28 December 2017, both between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee 
pursuant to the Swiss Gold Security Deed) and the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to which the 
Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account is established and operated 
“Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Accounts” means the unallocated loco London Bullion account 
number 01312 and the unallocated loco Zurich Bullion account number 01310, each established in 
the name of the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Swiss Gold Security Deed) with the 
Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement dated 11 December 2009 between the Issuer, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee pursuant to 
the Swiss Gold Security Deed) and the Swiss Gold Custodian pursuant to which the Swiss Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account is established and operated 
“Swiss Gold Security Deed” means the Security Deed pertaining to the Pool to which the Swiss 
Gold Metal Securities are attributable 
“Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Accounts” means the unallocated loco London Bullion 
account number 01314 and the unallocated loco Zurich Bullion account number 01313, each 
established by the Issuer with the Swiss Gold Custodian in the name of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement” means the Subscription 
Unallocated Account Agreement dated 11 December 2009 between the Issuer and the Swiss Gold 
Custodian pursuant to which the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Accounts are established and 
operated 
“Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian” means any firm selected by the Swiss Gold Custodian to hold 
gold on behalf of the Swiss Gold Custodian in the firm’s Zurich vault premises on a segregated basis, 
appointed pursuant to the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements and whose appointment has been 
approved by the Trustee and the Issuer 
“System” means the system enabling Authorised Participants to request the issue and Redemption of 
Metal Securities via a website operated by or on behalf of the Issuer 
“Tax” means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, goods and services tax, 
withholding tax stamp, financial institutions, registration and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, 
import/export tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest penalties and 
charges imposed or levied by a government or government agency 
“Trust Instrument” means the trust instrument dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders including the Schedules thereto 
and any trust instrument supplemental thereto and the schedules (if any) thereto 
“Trustee” means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as such under the Trust 
Instrument and includes any replacement trustee under the Trust Instrument 
“type” means, in relation to Individual Securities, a class thereof and, in relation to Basket Securities, 
the category thereof 
“UCITS Fund” means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the UCITS directive 
(Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) as amended is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme 
“UCITS Scheme” means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS Scheme” contained in 
the FCA Glossary 
“UK Listing Authority” means the FCA acting in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of Part VI of FSMA or any successor enactment 
“Uncertificated” or “Uncertificated Form” means recorded on the Register as being held in 
uncertificated form, title to which, by virtue of the Jersey Companies (Uncertificated Securities) 
(Jersey) Order 1999, is to be transferred by means of CREST

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” means United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland “US 
Person” means a “US person” as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act “US dollars” or 
“US$” means United States dollars 
“VAT” means value added tax 
“Zurich Bullion market” means the over-the-counter market in platinum and palladium co-ordinated 
by the LPPM 
“Zurich Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in 
Zurich) on which commercial banks are generally open for the transaction of business in Zurich 
1.2 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires: 
1.2.1 
Headings to Conditions, paragraphs, and other provisions of these Conditions are inserted 
for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of these Conditions. 
1.2.2 
Any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity. 
1.2.3 
Words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa. 
1.2.4 
Any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference 
to these Conditions, or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, 
varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
1.2.5 
Any reference to any statute or statutory provision shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be construed as a reference to such statute or statutory provision as the same 
may have been or may from time to time be amended, modified, extended consolidated, 
re-enacted or replaced and includes any subordinate legislation made thereunder. 
1.2.6 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to 
local time in London, England. 
2 
STATUS OF PHYSICAL METAL SECURITIES 
2.1 
Metal Securities constitute undated limited recourse secured debt obligations of the Issuer secured as 
set out in Condition 3 (Security and Limited Recourse). The Metal Securities of each type rank pari 
passu among themselves. Each Metal Security has a Principal Amount as set out below and without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Redemption of Metal Securities) but subject always to 
the provisions of Condition 3.2 a Security Holder may elect to receive on redemption an amount in 
cash equal to the Principal Amount in lieu of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 6. The 
Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Instrument its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal 
Amount. 
 
The Principal Amounts of the Metal Securities are: 
Class of Metal Securities 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
US$20.00 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
US$2.00 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
US$10.00 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket 
US$9.40 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
US$10.00 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
US$15.00 
2.2 
Each Basket Security constitutes a separate security from the Individual Securities by reference to 
which the Metal Entitlement of that Basket Security is calculated and for which they may be 
surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument. 
2.3 
The Metal Entitlement of a Basket Security is equal to the sum of the Metal Entitlements of a defined 
number of Individual Securities of various classes as set out in the table below. Each Basket 
Security may be surrendered in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument in exchange 
for such Individual Securities:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Number of Individual 
Securities of which 
Class of Individual 
Basket Security is  
Category of Basket Security 
Security 
composed 
WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
0.10 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
0.20 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
1.20 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
0.40 
2.4 
A Security Holder holding: 
2.4.1 
Basket Securities in Certificated Form may surrender the certificates for cancellation and 
receive certificates in respect of the Individual Securities comprised in such Basket 
Securities; or 
2.4.2 
Individual Securities in Certificated Form of the appropriate classes and in at least the 
appropriate numbers of each class may surrender the certificates for cancellation and 
receive certificates for such number of Basket Securities of any class or classes requested 
by it as are comprised of the Individual Securities represented by such surrendered 
certificates as it requested to be combined in the form of such Basket Securities and one 
or more Certificates in respect of the balance of the Individual Securities not so combined 
in the form of Basket Securities, in each case rounded down to the nearest whole number of 
Metal Securities of each type and otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Instrument. 
2.5 
Metal Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
2.6 
The Issuer shall at all times publish on the Issuer’s Website: 
2.6.1 
the classes of Individual Securities which are in issue or available to be issued; and 
2.6.2 
the categories of Basket Securities which are in issue or available to be issued, and the 
number and classes of Individual Securities which at that time are comprised in each 
category of Basket Securities. 
3 
SECURITY AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
3.1 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of each class of Individual Security (and any type of Metal 
Securities to the extent that the amount payable on Redemption of such Metal Securities is 
calculated by reference to Individual Securities of that class) are secured pursuant to the Security 
Deed applicable to that class by a first fixed charge over the Bullion attributable to that class in the 
Secured Metal Accounts held by the Issuer and an assignment to the Trustee by way of security of the 
contractual rights of the Issuer relating to such class under the Secured Metal Accounts and the 
Custodian Agreements, and by a first ranking floating charge in favour of the Trustee for the Security 
Holders over all the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured Property attributable to that Pool. 
3.2 
The Trustee and the Security Holders of any class of Individual Securities (and any category of 
Securities if and to the extent that the Metal Entitlement of such Basket Securities is calculated by 
reference to Individual Securities of that class) shall have recourse only to the Secured Property 
relating to the relevant Pool and any sums derived therefrom. If, the Trustee (or any other secured 
party) having realised the same, the net proceeds are insufficient for the Issuer to make all payments 
and meet all obligations which, but for the effect of this Condition, would then be due, the obligations 
of the Issuer to each Security Holder shall be satisfied by delivery to the Security Holder of the 
Relevant Proportion of the Bullion held for that Pool, where the “Relevant Proportion” is the proportion 
that the Individual Securities of the relevant class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised of 
Individual Securities of that class) held by such Security Holder and being Redeemed bears to the 
total number of the Individual Securities of that class (and Basket Securities to the extent comprised 
of individual securities class) outstanding, neither the Trustee nor any person acting on its behalf 
shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums or property 
and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer to any such person in respect of any such further sum or 
property. In particular, neither the Trustee nor any Security Holder shall be entitled to institute, nor 
join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, any bankruptcy, suspension of payments, 
moratorium of any indebtedness, winding up, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
proceeding or other proceeding under any similar law (whether court based or otherwise) (except 
for the appointment of a receiver and manager pursuant to the relevant Security Deed) for two years 
(or, if later, the longest suspense period, preference period or similar period (howsoever described) 
ending with the onset of insolvency in respect of which transactions entered into by the Issuer within 
such period may be subject to challenge under applicable insolvency or other proceeding) plus one 
day after the date on which all amounts payable under the last outstanding security of any type issued 
by the Issuer and constituted by the Trust Instrument are repaid in relation to the Issuer, nor shall they 
have any claim in respect of any sum arising or other obligation in respect of the Secured Property 
for any other Pool or any other assets of the Issuer. 
4 
FORM AND TRANSFER 
4.1 
Metal Securities are in registered form and are individually transferable. 
4.2 
Metal Securities may be held and transferred in Uncertificated Form by means of CREST in 
accordance with the Regulations. The Trustee may, without the consent of Security Holders, concur 
with the Issuer in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in order to reflect 
changes in the Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding or transfer of 
Metal Securities in Uncertificated Form. A Security Holder may request that his Metal Securities be 
held in Certificated Form, in which case such Metal Securities shall be removed from CREST. 
4.3 
The Issuer shall cause to be kept at its registered office, or at such other place outside the United 
Kingdom as the Trustee may agree, Registers showing the date of issue and all subsequent 
transfers and changes of ownership of all outstanding Metal Securities and the names and 
addresses of the Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. The Trustee and the 
Security Holders or any of them and any person authorised by any such person shall be at liberty at 
all reasonable times during office hours to inspect the Registers and to take (free of charge) copies 
of, or extracts from, the same or any part thereof. In the event of the Trustee requiring to convene 
a meeting of or to give any notice to, the Security Holders the Issuer shall furnish the Trustee (free 
of charge) with such copies of, or extracts from, the Registers as it shall require. The Registers may 
be closed by the Issuer for such periods and at such times (not exceeding in the whole 30 days in 
any one year) as it may think fit. 
4.4 
Where the Issuer or the Trustee considers it necessary or expedient for the purposes of enforcing the 
provisions of the Trust Instrument or the purposes of Redeeming any Metal Securities, it is 
authorised to execute any document or instrument necessary to convert Metal Securities held in 
Uncertificated Form into Certificated Form and to take delivery of the corresponding certificate(s). 
5 
METAL ENTITLEMENT 
5.1 
Each class of Individual Security will have a separate Metal Entitlement as follows: 
5.1.1 
as at the date on which dealings in the Initial Metal Securities first commenced on the 
London Stock Exchange the Metal Entitlement of such Individual Securities was as follows: 
5.1.2 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities: 
0.10 troy oz; 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities: 
0.10 troy oz; 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities:  
1.00 troy oz; and 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities: 
 
0.10 fine troy oz. 
5.1.3 
as at the date on which dealings in the Swiss Gold Metal Securities first commenced on the 
London Stock Exchange the Metal Entitlement of such Individual Securities was as follows: 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities: 0.10 fine troy oz. 
5.1.4 
as at the date on which dealings in the WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities first 
commence on the London Stock Exchange the Metal Entitlement of such Individual 
Securities will be as follows:  
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold: 0.10 fine troy oz. 
5.2 
The Metal Entitlement for each will be calculated daily to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 
troy ounces (or fine troy ounces in the case of gold) rounded upwards as follows: 
ME(i,t) = ME(i,t-1) x (1 – MF(i,t))1/N

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
where: 
i 
refers to the relevant class of Individual Security; 
t 
refers to the applicable day (with t – 1 being the previous day); 
ME(i,t) 
is the Metal Entitlement for Metal Securities of class i for day t with an initial value as set 
out in Condition 5.1; 
MF(i,t) 
is the per annum Management Fee applicable to Metal Securities of class i on day t, 
expressed as a decimal (so that 49 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0049 
and 39 basis points per annum is expressed as 0.0039); 
N 
is 365 (or 366 in a leap year). 
5.3 
A WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Security is comprised of Individual Securities as 
provided for in Condition 2.3 and accordingly each WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket 
Security has a Metal Entitlement equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of 1/10th of one 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum Security, 2/10ths of one WisdomTree Physical Palladium Security, 
12/10ths of one WisdomTree Physical Silver Security and 4/10ths of one WisdomTree Physical 
Gold Security. 
6 
REDEMPTION OF METAL SECURITIES 
6.1 
Redemption Entitlement 
Each Metal Security shall carry a right on redemption to delivery in Bullion of an amount equal to 
the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the case 
of gold)) on the applicable Settlement Date provided that if such Metal Security is to be Redeemed 
by Metal Sale, such Metal Security shall be redeemed by the sale of an amount of Bullion equal to 
such Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the 
case of gold), to the Metal Sale Counterparty in accordance with the Metal Sale Counterparty 
Agreement and paying to the Security Holder in cash in US dollars the net proceeds of sale actually 
realised by the Issuer from such sale in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Metal Sale) after deduction 
of the Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee). 
6.2 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Security Holder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided herein) require the 
Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of Metal Securities by delivery of Bullion in accordance 
with Condition 6.10 (Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption) by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption 
Form. 
6.3 
Redemption by Other Security Holders 
Subject to and without prejudice to Condition 6.3A, a Security Holder which is not also an Authorised 
Participant may require the Issuer to Redeem all or any part of its holdings of Metal Securities if, 
either: 
6.3.1 
on any Business Day, there are no Authorised Participants, and the Security Holder lodges 
on such day a valid Redemption Form; or 
6.3.2 
the Issuer has announced through a RIS in respect of any Business Day, or until further 
announcement or generally, that Redemptions by Security Holders who are not Authorised 
Participants will be permitted and the Security Holder submits on a Business Day a valid 
notice in the form prescribed for the purpose by the Issuer requesting Redemption of such 
Metal Securities. 
Any such announcement may be general or subject to conditions, and any notice 
requesting any Redemption which is not in accordance with any such conditions shall not 
be valid. 
Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant Metal Securities will 
be effected by a Metal Sale in accordance with Condition 6.11 (Metal Sale) unless the Security 
Holder in its Redemption Form certifies that it is not a UCITS Fund and specifies an unallocated 
account with a member of the Relevant Association (or, in the case of a Basket Security, one or

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
more unallocated accounts with one or more members of the Relevant Associations) into which 
the relevant Bullion can be deposited, in which case, unless paragraph 6.11.1(a) applies, 
Redemption will be effected by delivery of Bullion in accordance with Condition 6.10 (Delivery of 
Bullion upon Redemption). A Security Holder desiring to redeem Metal Securities pursuant to this 
Condition must deliver the Metal Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing 
them in an appropriate CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of 
payment instructions in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or 
otherwise delivering such Metal Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). Redemption 
Forms will not be treated as having been lodged until the Metal Securities to be Redeemed have 
been so delivered to the Issuer. 
6.3A  
Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
6.3A.1 A Security Holder in respect of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities which is 
not also an Authorised Participant may on any Physical Metal Delivery Business Day 
require the Issuer to Redeem all or part of its holding of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities by lodging with the Issuer a Redemption Form in respect of this Condition 6.3A. 
6.3A.2  Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities in respect of any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 
6.3A will, subject to Condition 6.11.1(a) (Metal Sale), be effected by delivery of the relevant 
Bullion to the relevant Security Holder Account in accordance with Condition 6.10.2 
(Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption) unless (1) the Security Holder in its Redemption 
Form certifies that it is a UCITS Fund or is otherwise prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from owning or taking delivery of the relevant Bullion into its Security Holder 
Account, being an “Prohibited Security Holder”; and/or (2) the Issuer is prohibited for 
legal or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant Bullion to the 
Redeeming Physical Security Holder (a “Prohibited Physical Redemption”), in which 
case the Redemption Form shall not be valid and such Redemption shall consequently 
fail. 
6.3A.3  A Security Holder desiring to redeem WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
pursuant to this Condition must deliver the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities 
being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them in an appropriate CREST account 
(as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in 
CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise 
delivering such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities to the Issuer by agreement 
with the Issuer) and, unless in its Redemption Form it certifies that it is a Prohibited 
Security Holder, must specify in its Redemption Form a Physical Security Holder Bank 
with which the relevant Bullion can be deposited. Redemption Forms will not be treated 
as having been lodged until the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities to be 
Redeemed have been so delivered to the Issuer. 
6.3B  
Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities  
6.3B.1  A Security Holder in respect of any WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities which is 
not also an Authorised Participant may on any London Business Day require the Issuer to 
Redeem all or part of its holding of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by lodging 
with the Issuer a Redemption Form in respect of this Condition 6.3B. 
6.3B.2  Settlement of the Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of the relevant WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold Securities in respect of any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 
6.3B will, subject to Condition 6.11.1(a) (Metal Sale), be effected by delivery of the relevant 
Bullion to the relevant Security Holder Account in accordance with Condition 6.10.2 
(Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption) unless (1) the Security Holder in its Redemption 
Form certifies that it is a UCITS Fund or is otherwise prohibited for legal or regulatory 
reasons from owning or taking delivery of the relevant Bullion into its Security Holder 
Account, being a “Prohibited Security Holder”; and/or (2) the Issuer is prohibited for legal 
or regulatory reasons from effecting a delivery of the relevant Bullion to the Redeeming 
Physical Security Holder (a “Prohibited Physical Redemption”), in which case the 
Redemption Form shall not be valid and such Redemption shall consequently fail. 
6.3B.3 A Security Holder desiring to redeem WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities pursuant 
to this Condition must deliver the WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities being 
Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing them in an appropriate CREST account (as

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
directed by the Issuer) and giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in CREST 
or delivering the certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise delivering such 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer) 
and, unless in its Redemption Form it certifies that it is a Prohibited Security Holder, must 
specify in its Redemption Form a Physical Security Holder Bank with which the relevant 
Bullion can be deposited. Redemption Forms will not be treated as having been lodged 
until the WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to be Redeemed have been so 
delivered to the Issuer 
6.4 
Redemption Notice 
A Redemption Form (as applicable): 
6.4.1. must specify the number and type of Metal Securities to be Redeemed; 
6.4.2. must relate to only one type of Individual Security or Basket Security; 
6.4.3. must (save in the case of a Redemption Order) be signed by, or by an authorised signatory 
on behalf of, the Security Holder; 
6.4.4. except where Metal Sale applies, must specify the Security Holder Account; and 
6.4.5. in the case of Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities by Metal Delivery pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Redemption by Authorised Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by 
Other Security Holders), must specify whether the Security Holder Account is a loco London 
account or a loco Zurich account;  
6.4.5. in the case of Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities or Core Physical Gold Metal 
Securities by Physical Metal Delivery to a Physical Security Holder Bank pursuant to 
Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders –WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities) or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities), must specify the Physical Security Holder Bank details, must 
confirm that the Security Holder agrees to the Physical Metal Delivery Terms and must 
confirm that Security Holder is not a Prohibited Security Holder, 
and is irrevocable once it has been lodged with the Issuer. 
6.5 
Upon receipt by the Issuer of a valid Redemption Form from a Security Holder in relation to any 
Metal Securities, the Issuer shall do all things necessary to give effect to the Redemption Form as 
required by this Condition 6 (Redemption of Metal Securities). 
6.6 
A Redemption Form shall be invalid: 
6.6.1 
if lodged by a Security Holder who is not an Authorised Participant unless on that Business 
Day, there are no Authorised Participants or Condition 6.3.2 or Condition 6.3A applies; or 
6.6.2 
if it does not satisfy each and all of Conditions 6.4.1 to 6.4.5 (as applicable); or 
6.6.3 
if the redemption constitutes a Prohibited Physical Redemption; or 
6.6.4 
in the case of Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities by Metal Delivery where the 
Redemption Form specifies a loco London account, if the Redemption Form does not 
specify that the Security Holder has previously agreed with the Swiss Gold Custodian the 
cost of any loco swap or other transfer arrangement to be entered into and to be responsible 
to the Swiss Gold Custodian for meeting all such costs; or 
6.6.5 
where notice has been given pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Termination) or Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event) to 
redeem such Metal Securities compulsorily, if the Redemption Form is received or deemed 
received on or after: 
(a) 
where notice has been given in accordance with Condition 7.1, the Final 
Redemption Notice Date; or 
(b) 
where notice has been given under Condition 7.2, the date on which notice was 
given, and no Metal Securities of the relevant type shall be Redeemed in respect 
of or under that Redemption Form.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
6.7 
If the Issuer (a) considers that a purported Redemption Form is invalid, it shall notify the Security 
Holder lodging that Redemption Form of that fact as soon as reasonably possible and shall not be 
obliged to Redeem pursuant to that Redemption Form any Metal Securities; or (b) receives a valid 
Redemption Form in respect of a Redemption by way of Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 6.3A 
(Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities), it shall 
confirm receipt of the valid Redemption Form to the Redeeming Physical Security Holder by 5:30 
p.m, (London time) on the Business Day on which such valid Redemption Form is received by the 
Issuer. 
6.8 
A Redemption Form received by the Issuer after 4.30 p.m. (London time) on a Business Day shall be 
treated as lodged on the immediately following Business Day. 
6.9 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the lodgement of Redemption Forms and these 
Conditions shall be modified in respect of Redemptions to the extent of any such variation. 
6.10 
Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption 
6.10.1 Where Metal Securities are required to be redeemed by delivery of Bullion in accordance with 
Condition 6.2 (Redemption by Authorised Participants) or Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders), the Trustee shall upon receipt of a copy of the Redemption Form 
delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Trust Instrument, instruct the 
Custodian to transfer Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in 
respect of such Metal Securities in an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement of such Metal 
Securities, calculated as at the Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy 
ounce, or fine troy ounce in the case of gold), from the Secured Metal Accounts to the 
relevant Security Holder Account, to be delivered to such account on the Settlement Date. 
6.10.2 Where WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities are required to be redeemed by way 
of Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders 
– WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or where WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities are required to be redeemed by way of Metal Delivery in accordance with 
Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Corte Physical Gold 
Securities), the Trustee shall upon receipt of (i) a copy of the Redemption Form delivered 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Trust Instrument; and (ii) confirmation 
(upon which confirmation the Trustee may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify 
the same) from the Issuer of its receipt of the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the 
Redeeming Physical Security Holder in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and 
Metal Agent Fee), instruct the Custodian to transfer the relevant Bullion attributable to or 
forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (as the case may be) in an amount 
equal to the Metal Entitlement of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, calculated as at the Settlement Date (rounded 
down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce), from the Secured Metal Accounts to the Metal 
Agent Account. The Issuer shall thereupon deliver a copy of such Redemption Form to the 
Metal Agent and instruct the Metal Agent to deliver Bullion in physical form to the Physical 
Security Holder Bank in accordance with the instructions in such Redemption Form. 
6.10.3 Upon the later of receipt by the Metal Agent of (i) the Bullion and (ii) instructions from the 
Issuer including a copy of the applicable Redemption Form relating to such Bullion:  
(a) in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities required to be redeemed by 
way of Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities), the Metal Agent shall, 
in the absence of a Force Majeure Event (as defined in the Physical Metal Delivery 
terms), have five Physical Metal Delivery Business Days (or such additional period as 
the Metal Agent may determine up to a further three Physical Metal Delivery Business 
Days) to make all relevant deductions in accordance with Condition 9.5 (Redemption 
Fee and Metal Agent Fee) and to transfer such Bullion to the Physical Security Holder 
Bank.; and 
(b) in respect of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities required to be redeemed by 
way of Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities), the Metal Agent shall,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
in the absence of a Force Majeure Event (as defined in the Physical Metal Delivery 
terms), have five London Business Days (or such additional period as the Metal Agent 
may determine up to a further three London Business Days) to make all relevant 
deductions in accordance with Condition 9.5 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee) 
and to transfer such Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank,  
provided that in any case where any Physical Security Holder Bank is to receive more 
than 250kg of gold Physical Bullion, the Metal Agent shall have one further week per 
tonne (1,000kg) or part of a tonne to transfer such Bullion to the Physical Security 
Holder Bank. 
6.10.4 From the relevant Settlement Date, all title to and risks in such Bullion shall pass to the 
holder of such Metal Securities. Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or 
liable for any failure by (a) the Custodian to effect a delivery of Bullion in accordance with 
the instructions of the Trustee; or (b) in the case of a Redemption by way of Metal Delivery 
in accordance with Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities), or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities), the applicable Metal Agent to effect a delivery of 
the relevant Bullion in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer (as applicable). 
However, in the event of such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the 
redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims 
of such Security Holder in respect of the Metal Securities to be redeemed and the Security 
Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
6.10.5 Without prejudice to Condition 6.10.4, in the case of Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal 
Securities where the Redemption Form specifies a loco London account, neither the Issuer 
nor the Trustee shall be responsible for any failure of the Swiss Gold Custodian to effect 
such delivery of Bullion to such account, nor shall either be responsible for ensuring that 
the Swiss Gold Custodian enters into any agreement with the Security Holder as described 
in Condition 6.6.3 or for the terms of any such agreement. 
6.10.6 Without prejudice to Condition 6.10.4, in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 
6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities) or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities), where the Redemption Form specifies the relevant Physical 
Security Holder Bank, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be responsible for any failure 
of the applicable Metal Agent to effect such delivery of the relevant Bullion to such account. 
6.10.7 If a Redemption occurs by way of Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 6.3A (Redemption by 
Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 6.3B 
(Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities), the 
Redeeming Physical Security Holder acknowledges and agrees that neither the Issuer nor 
the Trustee shall be liable for any failure by the applicable Metal Agent in respect of any delivery 
of the relevant Bullion pursuant to any Metal Delivery transaction, but in the event of any such 
failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the Redeeming Security Holder 
its claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims of such Redeeming Security 
Holder in respect of the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core 
Physical Gold Securities to be Redeemed and the Redeeming Security Holder shall have 
no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. 
6.10.8 The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Metal Securities being Redeemed shall be 
satisfied by transferring the Metal Entitlement in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 6.10. 
6.11 
Metal Sale 
6.11.1 Metal Sale will apply: 
(a) if through no fault of the Issuer any Bullion to which the holder of such Metal Security 
is entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered and is not claimed by such holder 
within 30 days of attempted delivery being made (in which event, subject to Condition 
6.11.2(a), the Metal Entitlement will be calculated as of the third Business Day following 
the expiry of such period of 30 days); or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(b) in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) where there 
is no Authorised Participant or the Security Holder is not an Authorised Participant and 
is Redeeming in circumstances where such Redemption is permitted in accordance 
with Condition 6.3.2. 
6.11.2 If in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) or Condition 
6.11.1(a), Metal Sale is applicable to a Redemption of Metal Securities, the Trustee, upon 
receipt of a copy of the Redemption Form delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Trust Instrument: 
(a) will (on behalf of the Issuer) give notice under the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
to sell on the Metal Sale Date (or, in the case of Metal Sale pursuant to Condition 
6.11.1(a), the first Business Day after the expiry of the period of 30 days therein referred 
to) to the Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
an amount of Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of 
such Metal Securities equal to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of the Metal Securities 
being redeemed, calculated as at the Settlement Date (or, in the case of Metal Sale 
pursuant to Condition 6.11.1(a), the third Business Day after the expiry of the period of 
30 days therein referred to), rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy 
ounce in the case of gold), or settlement on the Settlement Date (or such third Business 
Day). If such third Business Day is not an LPPM Value Date or an LBMA Value Date or 
the Custodian determines that de-allocation and, in the cases of platinum and palladium 
or gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of any 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities in the case of a Redemption thereof, credit 
to the Custodian’s account with its Zurich clearing bank of the relevant Bullion will not 
be completed on such third Business Day, the proviso to Condition 6.12 (Settlement 
Date) shall apply to such third Business Day in both this paragraph (a) and Condition 
6.11.1(a) as it applies to a Settlement Date; 
(b) will instruct the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) to deliver such Bullion from the 
Secured Metal Accounts to the Metal Sale Counterparty Account on the Settlement 
Date (or other Settlement Date specified in paragraph (a)) against payment of the 
proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Bullion to an account or accounts nominated 
by the Trustee; and 
(c) will remit such proceeds in US dollars (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee) which the Trustee will pay to such 
account of the Issuer as the Issuer may direct and less the Trustee’s fees and expenses 
(if any)) to the relevant Security Holder through CREST or, in the case of Metal 
Securities in Certificated Form, by cheque or warrant made payable to the Security 
Holder and sent by post at the risk of the Security Holder, subject (in the case of 
Redemption by Metal Sale in  accordance  with Condition 6.11.1(a)) to the Security 
Holder having delivered the Metal Securities to be Redeemed to the Issuer by either 
depositing them into an appropriate CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and 
giving correct delivery free of payment instructions in CREST or delivering the 
certificates in respect of them to the Issuer (or otherwise having delivered such Metal 
Securities to the Issuer by agreement with the Issuer). If the Security Holder fails to 
deposit the Metal Securities into an appropriate CREST account and give correct 
delivery free of payment instructions in CREST or otherwise so deliver the Metal 
Securities to the Issuer, the Issuer may retain the proceeds otherwise payable until the 
Security Holder has so deposited or delivered the Metal Securities and then remit such 
proceeds (without interest, which shall be for the account of the Issuer) to the Security 
Holder in accordance with this Condition. 
6.11.3 If Metal Sale applies the holder of the Metal Securities being Redeemed acknowledges and 
agrees: 
(a) to accept the proceeds of sale actually realised from the sale of the relevant Bullion 
(less any Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal 
Agent Fee) and less the Trustee’s fees and expenses (if any)) in full settlement of the 
Issuer’s Redemption Obligations in respect of such Metal Securities;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(b) that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the price 
at which Bullion will be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the 
sale of Bullion; and 
(c) that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any failure by the Metal Sale 
Counterparty in respect of any sale of Bullion pursuant to any Metal Sale transaction, 
but in the event of any such failure, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to 
the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all 
claims of such Security Holder in respect of the Metal Securities to be Redeemed and 
the Security Holder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured 
Property. 
6.12 
Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 6, the Settlement Date (on which 
Redemption shall be effective) shall be the second Business Day following the applicable 
Redemption Notice Date, provided that: 
6.12.1 in the case of the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities and 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of 
one or both of such classes of Metal Securities) by Metal Sale, if such day is not an LPPM 
Value Date, the Settlement Date will be the next LPPM Value Date; 
6.12.2 in the case of the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities and WisdomTree 
Physical Gold Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of such 
classes of Metal Securities) and of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by Metal 
Sale, if such day is not an LBMA Value Date, the Settlement Date will be the next LBMA 
Value Date; 
6.12.3 in the case of the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities by Metal 
Sale, if such day is not an LBMA Value Date, the Settlement Date will be the next Business 
Day that is an LBMA Value Date; 
6.12.4 in the case of the Redemption of WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities 
(and any other category of Basket Securities comprised partly of WisdomTree Physical 
Platinum Securities and/or WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities and partly of 
WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities and/or WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities) by 
Metal Sale, if such day is not both an LPPM Value Date and an LBMA Value Date, the 
Settlement Date will be the next day that is both an LPPM Value Date and an LBMA Value 
Date; 
6.12.5 in the case of the Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities by Metal Delivery to a loco 
London account, if the Swiss Gold Custodian determines that settlement under the loco 
swap or other transfer arrangement to be entered into as referred to in Condition 6.6.3 will 
not be completed on the date which would, but for this Condition 6.12.5, be the Settlement 
Date, the Settlement Date will be such later date on which settlement under such loco swap 
or other transfer arrangement is completed; 
6.12.6 in the case of a Redemption by Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 6.3A (Redemption by 
Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 6.3B 
(Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities) the 
Settlement Date shall be the date that the relevant Bullion is deposited in the Metal Agent 
Account: or 
i. 
in the case of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities (a) if such day is not a 
Physical Metal Delivery Business Day, the next Physical Metal Delivery Business Day; 
or (b) if the Custodian determines that settlement will not be completed on the date 
which would, but for this Condition 6.12.6, be the Settlement Date, the Settlement 
Date will be such later date which is a Physical Metal Delivery Business Day on which 
settlement is completed; and 
ii. 
in the case of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (a) if such day is not a 
London Business Day, the next London Business Day; or (b) if the Custodian 
determines that settlement will not be completed on the date which would, but for this

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Condition 6.12.6 be the Settlement Date, the Settlement Date will be such later date 
which is a London Business Day on which settlement is completed, and 
6.12.7 if the Custodian determines that if, for any platinum, palladium or gold attributable to or 
forming part of the Secured Property in respect of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities required to effect a Redemption, de-allocation and credit to the Custodian’s 
account with its Zurich clearing bank of the relevant Bullion will not be completed on the date 
which would, but for this Condition 6.12.7, be the Settlement Date, the Settlement Date will 
be such later date on which de-allocation and, in the cases of platinum, palladium and gold 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of any WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities, credit to such account of the relevant Bullion is completed. 
7 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION BY THE ISSUER OR TRUSTEE 
7.1 
Compulsory Redemption on Termination 
The Issuer may at any time determine that all Metal Securities, or all Metal Securities of any one or 
more type, are to be Redeemed compulsorily. In such event the Issuer shall give not less than 30 
days’ notice by RIS announcement of a London Business Day to be a Final Trading Day in respect 
of such Metal Securities. 
7.2 
Compulsory Redemption on Issuer Insolvency Event 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of the Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class), the Trustee having first been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer and by RIS announcement 
to the Security Holders that all the Metal Securities outstanding are to be Redeemed compulsorily 
and specifying a Business Day (falling not less than two Business Days from the giving of such 
notice) to be a Compulsory Redemption Notice Date in respect of such Metal Securities. 
7.3 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Security Holder that 
any Metal Securities held by that Security Holder are to be Redeemed compulsorily and specifying 
a Business Day (being not less than seven days and not more than fourteen days following the date 
of the notice) to be the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date in respect of such Metal Securities, if: 
7.3.1 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 10 (Enquiries as to 
Status of Security Holders) to certify whether or not it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor and 
(i) the Security Holder did not by the date specified in the notice given under Condition 10 
provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and executed in the manner required 
or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor; or 
7.3.2 
the Issuer required the Security Holder in accordance with Condition 10 to certify whether or 
not it is a Prohibited US Person and (i) the Security Holder did not by the date specified in the 
notice given under Condition 10 provide such a certification to the Issuer in the form and 
executed in the manner required or (ii) the Security Holder certified that it is a Prohibited 
US Person; or 
7.3.3 
the Issuer considers (in its sole discretion) (a) that such Metal Securities are or may be 
owned or held directly or beneficially by any person in breach of any law or requirement of 
any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified to own those Metal Securities, 
or (b) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those Metal 
Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the 
Issuer to be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or 
tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Security Holders which it or they might not 
otherwise have suffered or incurred, 
provided that if the relevant Security Holder in the case of sub-paragraph 7.3.1(i) or sub-paragraph 
7.3.2(i) so failed to provide such a certification, or in  the  case  of  sub-paragraph 7.3.1(ii) or sub-
paragraph 7.3.2(ii) certified that it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, 
in each case in respect of some only of the Metal Securities held by it, a notice given by the Issuer

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
under this Condition shall relate only to those Metal Securities (and not any other Metal Securities 
held by that Security Holder). 
7.4 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption 
for Cause) provides to the Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption 
Notice Date specified pursuant to Condition 7.3 proof required by the Issuer that its Metal Securities 
have been transferred to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US 
Person, then the Individual Metal Securities referred to in that notice shall not be Redeemed under 
these Conditions. 
7.5 
If a Security Holder which is the subject of a notice under Condition 7.3 does not provide to the 
Issuer at least one Business Day prior to the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date specified 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 proof required by the Issuer that its Metal Securities have been transferred 
to a person that is not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or a Prohibited US Person, then the Metal 
Securities referred to in that notice shall not be capable of being transferred by that Security Holder 
and the Issuer shall not be required to register any purported transfer of those Metal Securities. 
7.6 
The Issuer shall not be required to give any reasons for any decision, determination or declaration 
taken or made in accordance with this Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or 
Trustee). The exercise of the powers conferred by this Condition 7 shall not be questioned or 
invalidated in any case on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence of direct or beneficial 
ownership or holding of the Metal Securities, or any other grounds save that such powers shall have 
been exercised in good faith. 
7.7 
Compulsory Redemptions 
7.7.1 
If notice is given to Redeem Metal Securities compulsorily pursuant to Condition 7.1 
(Compulsory Redemption on Termination), Condition 7.2 (Compulsory Redemption on 
Issuer Insolvency Event) or Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause): 
(a) Metal Securities the Security Holder of which is an Authorised Participant; and 
(b) Metal Securities the Security Holder of which has, on or prior to the Final Trading Date 
(in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1) or the Compulsory Redemption 
Notice Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2 or Condition 7.3), 
certified in writing (and in such form as the Issuer shall determine) that it is not a UCITS 
Fund or a Prohibited Security Holder (as applicable), and in the case of a Compulsory 
Redemption to a Physical Security Holder Bank, has made payment to the Issuer in 
cleared funds of the Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee 
and Metal Agent Fee), and specified in writing (and in such form as the Issuer shall 
determine) 
(i) in relation to any Initial Metal Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities, an unallocated account with a member of the Relevant Association (or, 
in the case of a Basket Security, one or more unallocated accounts with one or 
more members of the Relevant Associations) into which the relevant Bullion may 
be deposited; or 
(ii) in relation to any Swiss Gold Metal Securities, either an unallocated loco Zurich 
account with the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian or any other gold bullion clearing 
bank in Zurich or an unallocated loco London or loco Zurich account with the Swiss 
Gold Custodian or any other member of the Relevant Association in London, in each 
case into which the relevant Bullion may be deposited; or 
(iii) in relation to any Swiss Gold Metal Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities, (provided such Redemption does not constitute a Prohibited Physical 
Redemption), a Physical Security Holder Bank and that the Security Holder agrees 
to the Physical Metal Delivery Terms. 
shall be Redeemed by Metal Delivery. All other Metal Securities to be so Redeemed 
shall be Redeemed by Metal Sale. If in the case of Swiss Gold Metal Securities the 
Security Holder has specified in accordance with paragraph (ii) a loco London account, 
such specification shall not be valid unless the Security Holder has confirmed to the 
Issuer (in such manner as the Issuer may require) that the Security Holder has previously

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
agreed with the Swiss Gold Custodian the cost of any loco swap or other transfer 
arrangement to be entered into and to be responsible to the Swiss Gold Custodian for 
meeting all such costs. If the Security Holder has not previously agreed with the Swiss 
Gold Custodian the cost of any such loco swap or other transfer arrangement and to be 
responsible to the Swiss Gold Custodian for meeting all such costs, such Swiss Gold 
Metal Securities shall be Redeemed by Metal Sale. In the case of a Compulsory 
Redemption to a Physical Security Holder Bank pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b)(iii), and 
upon receipt by the Trustee of confirmation (upon which confirmation the Trustee may 
rely without any obligation to investigate or verify the same) from the Issuer of its receipt 
of the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the Redeeming Physical Security Holder 
in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee), the Trustee shall 
instruct the Custodian to transfer the relevant Bullion attributable to or forming part of 
the Secured Property in respect of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (as the case may be) in an amount equal to 
the Metal Entitlement of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (as the case may be), calculated as at the 
Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce), from the Secured 
Metal Accounts to the applicable Metal  Agent  Account. Conditions 6.10.3, 6.10.4, 
6.10.6 and 6.10.7 shall also apply to such Compulsory Redemption, save that 
references in those Conditions to Redemption Form shall be replaced by references to 
Compulsory Redemption Information. 
7.7.2 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, or Condition 7.3, the 
Compulsory Settlement Date (on which Redemption shall be effective) shall be the second 
Business Day following the applicable Compulsory Metal Sale Date (in the case of 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1) or the second Business Day following the applicable 
Compulsory Redemption Notice Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2 
or Condition 7.3), provided that: 
(a) in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1 where WisdomTree Physical 
Platinum Securities, WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities, WisdomTree Physical 
Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Physical Precious Metals Basket Securities (or 
any other Basket Security comprised, inter alia, of WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
Securities or WisdomTree Physical Palladium Securities) are being Redeemed, the 
Compulsory Settlement Date for all Metal Securities to be Redeemed shall be two days 
following the applicable Compulsory Metal Sale Date, which two days both being 
London Business Days and Zurich Business Days; 
(b) in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.2 or Condition 7.3, if the Metal Sale 
Counterparty notifies the Trustee that sale of Bullion of that type (or of each relevant 
type where more than one type of Metal Security is being Redeemed) cannot be 
effected on the Relevant Market on that day, then for the purposes of determining the 
Compulsory Settlement Date, the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date shall be treated 
as having been postponed to the immediately following Business Day; 
(c) in the case where only WisdomTree Physical Platinum Securities and/or WisdomTree 
Physical Palladium Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both 
of such classes of Metal Securities) are to be Redeemed (whether by Metal Delivery or 
Metal Sale), if such day is not an LPPM Value Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date 
will be the next LPPM Value Date; 
(d) in the case where only WisdomTree Physical Silver Securities and/or WisdomTree 
Physical Gold Securities (and any Basket Securities comprised only of one or both of 
such classes of Metal Securities) and/or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities 
are to be Redeemed (whether by Metal Delivery or Metal Sale), if such day is not an 
LBMA Value Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be the next LBMA Value Date; 
(e) in the case where only WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities are to be 
Redeemed (whether by Metal Delivery or Metal Sale) other than pursuant to Condition 
7.7.2(f) below, if such day is not an LBMA Value Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date 
will be the next Business Day that is an LBMA Value Date;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(f) in the case of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities capable of being 
redeemed by way of Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3A (Redemption by 
Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or any 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities capable of being redeemed by way of 
Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security 
Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities) (provided in each case that such 
Redemption does not constitute a Prohibited Physical Redemption and such Security 
Holder does not constitute a Prohibited Security Holder), the Compulsory Settlement 
Date shall be the date that the relevant Bullion is deposited in the applicable Metal 
Agent Account or: 
(i)  
in the case of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities (a) if such 
day is not a Physical Metal Delivery Business Day, the next Physical 
Metal Delivery Business Day; or (b) if the Custodian determines that 
settlement will not be completed on the date which would, but for this 
Condition 7.7.2(f), be the Compulsory Settlement Date, the Compulsory 
Settlement Date will be such later date which is a Physical Metal 
Delivery Business Day on which settlement is completed; and 
(ii) 
in the case of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities (a) if such day 
is not a London Business Day, the next London Business Day; or (b) if 
the Custodian determines that settlement will not be completed on the 
date which would, but for this Condition 7.7.2(f), be the Compulsory 
Settlement Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be such later date 
which is a London Business Day on which settlement is completed;  
(g) in any other case, if such day is not both an LPPM Value Date and an LBMA Value 
Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be the next day that is both an LPPM Value 
Date and an LBMA Value Date; 
(h) in the case of the Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities by Metal Delivery to a 
loco London account, if the Swiss Gold Custodian determines that settlement under 
the loco swap or other transfer arrangement to be entered into as referred to in 
Condition 7.7.1 will not be completed on the date which would, but for this paragraph 
(g), be the Compulsory Settlement Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be such 
later date on which settlement under such loco swap or other transfer arrangement is 
completed; and 
(i) in any case other than Redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities), if the Custodian determines 
that de-allocation and, in the cases of platinum, palladium or gold attributable to or 
forming part of the Secured Property in respect of any WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold Securities, credit to the Custodian’s account with its Zurich clearing bank of the 
relevant Bullion will not be completed on the date which would, but for this paragraph 
(h), be the Compulsory Settlement Date, the Compulsory Settlement Date will be such 
later date on which de-allocation and, in the cases of platinum, palladium and gold 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of any WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities, credit to such account of the relevant Bullion is 
completed. 
7.7.3 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, or Condition 7.3 to 
be effected by Metal Delivery in accordance with these Conditions, the provisions of 
Condition 6.10 (Delivery of Bullion upon Redemption) shall apply save that references in 
that Condition to the Settlement Date shall be replaced by references to the Compulsory 
Settlement Date. 
7.7.4 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, or Condition 7.3 to 
be effected by Metal Sale in accordance with these Conditions, the Trustee: 
(a) will (on behalf of the Issuer) give notice under the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement 
to sell on the Compulsory Metal Sale Date (in the case of Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.1) or the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date (in the case of Redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7.2 or Condition 7.3) to the Metal Sale Counterparty pursuant to

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
the Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement an amount of Bullion attributable to or forming 
part of the Secured Property in respect of the Metal Securities being Redeemed equal 
to the aggregate Metal Entitlement of such Metal Securities, calculated as at the 
Compulsory Settlement Date (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce, or fine 
troy ounce in the case of gold), for settlement on the Compulsory Settlement Date; 
(b) will instruct the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) to deliver such Bullion from the 
Secured Metal Accounts to the Metal Sale Counterparty Account on the Compulsory 
Settlement Date against payment of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of 
Bullion to an account or accounts nominated by the Trustee; and 
(c) will remit such proceeds in US dollars (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee) which the Trustee will pay to such 
account of the Issuer as the Issuer may direct and less any fees and expenses of the 
Trustee incurred in connection with such sale (if any)) to the relevant Security Holder 
through CREST or, in the case of Metal Securities in Certificated Form, by cheque or 
warrant made payable to the Security Holder and sent by post at the risk of the Security 
Holder, in the case of Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.3 to the Security Holder 
having delivered the Metal Securities being Redeemed to the Issuer by either depositing 
them into an appropriate CREST account (as directed by the Issuer) and giving correct 
delivery free of payment instructions in CREST or delivering the certificates in respect of 
them to the Issuer (or otherwise having delivered such Metal Securities to the Issuer by 
agreement with the Issuer). If the Security Holder fails to deposit the Metal Securities 
into an appropriate CREST account and give correct delivery free of payment 
instructions in CREST or otherwise so deliver the Metal Securities to the Issuer, the 
Issuer may retain the proceeds otherwise payable until the Security Holder has so 
deposited or delivered the Metal Securities and then remit such proceeds (without 
interest, which shall be for the account of the Issuer) to the Security Holder in 
accordance with this Condition. 
7.7.5 
The provisions of Condition 6.11.3 shall apply to Redemption by Metal Sale pursuant to 
Condition 7.1, Condition 7.2, or Condition 7.3 as they do to Redemption by Metal Sale 
pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption of Metal Securities). 
7.7.6 
In relation to any Compulsory Redemption to be effected by way of Physical Metal Delivery 
pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b), the Security Holder must provide to the Issuer in writing the 
certifications and information as set out at Condition 7.7.1(b) (being the “Compulsory 
Redemption Information”). Compulsory Redemption Information received by the Issuer 
after 4.30 p.m. (London time) on a Business Day shall be treated as lodged on the 
immediately following Business Day. The Issuer shall then, by 5.30 p.m, (London time) on the 
Business Day on which the Compulsory Redemption Information is received by the Issuer, 
confirm receipt of the Compulsory Redemption Information to the Security Holder. 
8 
SETTLEMENT AND REDEMPTION OBLIGATIONS 
8.1 
Where a Redemption Form has been lodged for the Redemption of Metal Securities, the Security 
Holder which holds those Metal Securities which are the subject of that Redemption must, by 8.00 
a.m. on the Settlement Date, deposit the Metal Securities in question into an appropriate CREST 
account, give correct instructions in accordance with the Redemption Form if they were in 
Uncertificated Form, or otherwise deliver the Metal Securities to be Redeemed and any certificates 
representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer may agree if they are in Certificated 
Form and, in the case of Redemption of any Swiss Gold Metal Securities by Metal Delivery to a loco 
London account, have undertaken to make payment to the Swiss Gold Custodian in such manner 
as may be agreed between the Security Holder and the Swiss Gold Custodian of the costs referred to 
in Condition 6.6.3. Once a valid Redemption Form is lodged in respect of Metal Securities, the 
Metal Securities in respect of which it was given may not be transferred by the Security Holder 
(except to the Issuer), and the Issuer may refuse to recognise any subsequent transfer of any of 
those Metal Securities. 
8.2 
Subject as provided in Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders), failure by a Security 
Holder to deposit those Metal Securities into an appropriate CREST account, give correct 
instructions and/or make payment to the Swiss Gold Custodian as referred to in Conditions 6.6.3 
and 8.1 shall not invalidate the Redemption of those Metal Securities. Where settlement of a

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Redemption of Metal Securities is delayed due to the failure of the Security Holder to deposit the 
Metal Securities in question into an appropriate CREST account or give correct instructions or 
otherwise deliver such Metal Securities and any certificates representing them in a manner agreed by 
the Issuer the Security Holder shall not be entitled to receive any interest in respect of late delivery 
of the Metal Entitlement or other amounts due. If the Security Holder fails to deliver such Metal 
Securities to the Issuer (via the CREST system or another method agreed with the Issuer), the Issuer 
shall be entitled to deliver the Metal Entitlement (or other amount due) to the Trustee (to be held on 
trust for the Security Holder in accordance with the Trust Instrument), and to cancel the entry in the 
Register in respect of those Metal Securities. 
8.3 
Where Individual or Basket Securities are Redeemed in accordance with Condition 6 (Redemption of 
Metal Securities) or 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee); (a), subject to (b) below, 
the Issuer shall be entitled, upon delivery of the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 
0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy ounce in the use of gold)) or payment of any other amount due (less 
the Redemption Fee, if applicable) into the applicable Security Holder Account or other payment in 
accordance with Condition 26 (Payment Provisions), to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of 
those Metal Securities being Redeemed; or (b) where Metal Securities are Redeemed by Physical 
Metal Delivery in accordance with Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities). Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other Security Holders WisdomTree 
Core Physical Gold Securities) or Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemptions), the Issuer shall be 
entitled, upon (i) receipt of the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the Redeeming Physical 
Security Holder in accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent Fee); and (ii) 
confirmation from the Custodian that relevant Bullion has been deposited in the applicable Metal 
Agent Account, to cancel the entry in the Register in respect of those Metal Securities being 
Redeemed. 
8.4 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Security Holder that the Issuer may have to withhold or deduct 
from the payment that corresponds to the Redemption Form an amount for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political 
sub-division thereof or any authority thereof having power to tax, as required by law (as modified by 
the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall 
specify any form or document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Metal Securities that may 
allow the Issuer to make such payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such 
withholding or deduction at a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the 
Issuer by the relevant Security Holder or if it is not the beneficial owner of Metal Securities held by 
such Security Holder and which are to be redeemed, such beneficial owner, then any such payment 
will be reduced (and the matching obligation of the Issuer to pay or deliver or to procure the payment 
or delivery of the Metal Entitlement (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 troy ounce (or fine troy 
ounce in the case of gold)) or other amount due to that Security Holder will also be reduced) by the 
amount of the withholding or deduction. 
9 
REDEMPTION FEE AND METAL AGENT FEE 
9.1 
Subject as provided below, it is a condition to the performance by the Issuer of the obligation to 
redeem Metal Securities that the Issuer may deduct the Redemption Fee from the Metal Entitlement 
or other amount due to the Security Holder on Redemption and that if it does not the Security Holder 
of such Metal Securities shall pay to the Issuer the Redemption Fee in respect of such Redemption 
in accordance with this Condition 9. The Issuer may offset the amount of the Redemption Fee 
payable hereunder against the Metal Entitlement or other amount due to the Security Holder on 
Redemption. 
9.2 
On a Redemption of Metal Securities at the request of an Authorised Participant, the Redemption 
Fee shall be the amount agreed in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement to be payable, or 
such other amount as may be agreed by the Issuer and that Authorised Participant at the time of the 
Redemption, regardless of the number of Metal Securities being redeemed. 
9.3 
On a Redemption of Metal Securities at the request of a Security Holder who is not an Authorised 
Participant, in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption by Other Security Holders) or Condition 
6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities), the 
Redemption Fee shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of satisfying such Redemption 
request, which shall be notified to the Security Holder at the time of the Redemption being not

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS, provided that a 
Redemption Fee payable in connection with a Redemption by way of Metal Delivery pursuant to 
Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities) shall be payable by the Redeeming Physical Security Holder to the Issuer in cash only and 
shall not be capable of being offset against the Metal Entitlement. 
9.4 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Metal Securities by the Issuer or the Trustee, the Redemption Fee 
shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in relation to the Redemption, including 
the costs of enquiries under Condition 10 (Enquiries as to Status of Security Holders) and the cost 
of giving notices under Condition 7 (Compulsory Redemption by the Issuer or Trustee) being not 
greater than £500 or such other amount as may be notified through a RIS. The Issuer shall notify 
Security Holders whose Metal Securities are subject to Compulsory Redemption of the amount of 
those costs, and their allocation to particular Security Holders, at the time of the Redemption, 
provided that a Redemption Fee payable in connection with a Compulsory Redemption pursuant to 
Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemptions) shall be payable by the Redeeming Physical Security 
Holder to the Issuer in cash only and shall not be capable of being offset against the Metal 
Entitlement. 
9.5 
Without prejudice to Condition 9.1 to 9.4 above, as applicable, on a Redemption of WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical 
Metal Delivery, and once the relevant Bullion in an amount equal to the Metal Entitlement (rounded 
down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) of such WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or 
WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities has been deposited in the applicable Metal Agent 
Account, the Metal Agent shall deduct the Metal Agent Fee from the Bullion, with such Bullion then 
remaining being the “Available Bullion”. The Metal Agent shall then round the Available Bullion 
down to the nearest 1.00 gram (the “Deliverable Bullion”), the Deliverable Bullion shall then be 
transferred by the Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank. The amount of Bullion 
representing the difference between the Available Bullion less the Deliverable Bullion shall be held 
by the Metal Agent on trust for ManJer. The Metal Agent Fee at the date of the ninth Supplemental 
Trust Instrument to the Trust Instrument is: 
i. 
in the case of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities, the greater of (a) one ounce of 
Bullion; and (b) 1.00 per cent of the relevant Bullion delivered to it; and 
ii. 
in the case of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, the greater of (a) one ounce of 
Bullion; and (b) 1.00 per cent of the relevant Bullion delivered to it. 
10 
ENQUIRIES AS TO STATUS OF SECURITY HOLDERS 
10.1 
The Issuer may at any time, without any requirement to state a reason, give notice to a Security 
Holder requiring that Security Holder: 
10.1.1 to certify, no later than the date (the “Investor Notice Expiry Date”) falling fifteen London 
Business Days following the date on which the Issuer sends or transmits such requirement 
to that Security Holder whether that Security Holder is a Prohibited US Person or a 
Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor (and if that Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan 
Investor or Prohibited US Person, to notify the Issuer of the number and type of Metal 
Securities in respect of which it is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or Prohibited US 
Person); and 
10.1.2 if that Security Holder asserts that it is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited 
Benefit Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US 
Person in respect of all Metal Securities held by it), to provide to the Issuer by the Investor 
Notice Expiry Date a certificate in the form and executed in the manner determined by the 
Issuer that the Security Holder is not a Prohibited US Person or not a Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investor (or not a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or not a Prohibited US Person in 
respect of certain Metal Securities held by it, specifying the number and type of Metal 
Securities in respect of which it is, and is not, a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor or is, and is 
not, a Prohibited US Person). 
10.2 
The Issuer shall be entitled, save to the extent that it has made enquiry under this Condition 10, to 
assume that none of the Metal Securities are held by Prohibited US Persons or Prohibited Benefit 
Plan Investors.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
11 
ENFORCEMENT 
11.1 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the relevant Security Deed 
with respect to the Secured Property, the Trustee may at any time after the occurrence of a 
Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by the Security Holder to 
whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or 
in relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligation of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument and 
the security constituted by the Security Deed(s) in respect of the relevant Metal Securities to which 
such Defaulted Obligation relates. 
11.2 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, the Trustee may at 
any time, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. by 
Principal Amount of the Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Security Holders holding Metal Securities (as a single class), the Trustee having 
first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or 
other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the 
Issuer under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by the Security Deeds in respect of 
all outstanding Metal Securities. 
11.3 
If the Trustee considers that the Issuer is in material breach of any of the covenants, undertakings 
and obligations (other than payment or delivery obligations) in the Trust Instrument and has not 
remedied the same within 30 days of being required to do so by the Trustee, the Trustee may, but 
shall not be obliged to, give notice to all Security Holders of that fact. Prior to giving any such notice, 
the Trustee shall provide a copy of the proposed notice to the Issuer (provided the Trustee does not 
consider it detrimental to the interests of Security Holders to give a copy of any such proposed 
notice to the Issuer) and shall include with the notice any statement of not more than 1,000 words 
prepared by the Issuer and provided to the Trustee for the purpose within 7 days of receipt of the 
copy of the proposed notice referred to herein. In any such notice the Trustee may designate a 
Period (the “Breach Redemption Period”) commencing on any London Business Day until the 
date one month from such London Business Day (inclusive) during which each Security Holder will 
be entitled to redeem all (but not some only) of the Metal Securities held by it in the same manner as 
though there were no Authorised Participants. After the expiry of the Breach Redemption Period, the 
relevant breach shall be deemed waived without prejudice to the right of the Trustee to take action 
in the event of any subsequent such breach. 
11.4 
If an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same time as a Defaulted Obligation, a Security 
Holder holding affected Metal Securities to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to 
require the Trustee to take action in accordance with Condition 11.1 until the expiry of 30 days from 
the occurrence of the Issuer Insolvency Event, nor shall he be so entitled if, during such period of 
30 days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action in accordance with Condition 
11.2. 
11.5 
Subject to Condition 11.7, only the Trustee may enforce the provisions of the Trust Instrument or 
the Security Deeds. Where the Trustee has elected or been directed to enforce the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Trust Instrument and the security constituted by a Security Deed, the right of 
Security Holders to lodge a Redemption Form with the Issuer shall cease. Valid Redemption Forms 
lodged before the date the Trustee announces its intention to enforce the security will be Redeemed 
in the normal manner. 
11.6 
If the Trustee takes any action pursuant to Condition 11.1 with respect to any Metal Securities to 
which a Defaulted Obligation relates, it shall give notice to the Issuer that such Metal Securities in 
respect of which such action is taken are, and they shall become, due and payable. 
11.7 
No Security Holder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, 
in which case any such Security Holder will have only such rights against the Issuer as those which 
the Trustee is entitled to exercise against or in relation to the Issuer. 
12 
APPLICATION OF MONEYS 
12.1 
All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to the realisation of Secured Property in respect of a 
Metal Security shall be held by the Trustee upon trust, to apply them:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
12.1.1 FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due to the Trustee and unpaid 
(including to its attorneys, managers, agents, delegates or other person appointed by the 
Trustee) under the terms of the Trust Instrument, and to payment of any remuneration and 
expenses of any receiver and the costs of realisation of the security constituted by the 
relevant Security Deed; 
12.1.2 SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts 
then due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of 
Individual Securities of that class and any type of Basket Securities to the extent that they 
are comprised of Individual Securities of that class; and 
12.1.3 THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer (without prejudice to, or liability in 
respect of, any question as to how such payment to the Issuer shall be dealt with as 
between the Issuer and any other person). 
13 
RESTRICTIONS 
13.1 
So long as any Metal Securities of a particular type are outstanding, the Issuer covenants in the 
Trust Instrument, inter alia: 
13.1.1 not to incur or permit to subsist in respect of any Pool any indebtedness for borrowed money 
other than Metal Securities or Further Securities, and not to give any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of indebtedness of any person, save in each case with the prior written consent 
of the Trustee; 
13.1.2 other than as permitted under the applicable Security Deed, not to dispose of any of the 
Secured Property or any interest therein, or to create any mortgage, pledge, charge, lien, 
or other form of encumbrance or security interest or right of recourse in respect thereof in 
favour of any person; 
13.1.3 save as permitted by Condition 14 (Further Securities; Other Pools; Consolidation and 
Division) or otherwise in connection with or for the purposes of either (a) Redemption by way 
of Metal Delivery pursuant to Condition 6.3A (Redemption by Other Security Holders – 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) or Condition 6.3B (Redemption by Other 
Security Holders – WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities); or (b) by Compulsory 
Redemption pursuant to Condition 7.7.1(b) (Compulsory Redemptions), not to undertake 
any business save for the issue and redemption of Metal Securities, the acquisition and 
disposal of Bullion, entering into the necessary documents and performing its obligations and 
exercising its rights thereunder; 
13.1.4 to use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times after the date three months 
following Listing there are at least two Authorised Participants and until then there is at least 
one Authorised Participant; 
13.1.5 not to issue any Individual or Basket Securities of any type unless it has received Bullion in 
an aggregate amount equal to the Metal Entitlement calculated as at the Settlement Date; 
13.1.6 not to maintain an office or other fixed place of business, nor to establish any permanent 
establishment, nor be or become tax resident, in the United Kingdom; 
13.1.7 not to make any election under US federal income tax laws to be treated otherwise than as 
an association taxable as a corporation for US federal income tax purposes; 
13.1.8 to undertake any business so as to seek to minimise the impact of taxation; and 
13.1.9 to procure that the Pools are at all times maintained in a manner so that they are readily 
distinguishable from each other. 
13.2 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may: 
13.2.1 issue unsecured limited recourse notes to ETFSL (or any Affiliate), and may redeem, 
amend, supplement, extend or replace such notes in accordance with the terms thereof; and 
13.2.2 make any loan to ETFSL (or any Affiliate) of the proceeds of the issue of such notes, under 
which the Issuer may, if it determines to do so, make advances to ETFSL (or any Affiliate) 
(including by set-off against such proceeds).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
14 
FURTHER SECURITIES; OTHER POOLS; CONSOLIDATION AND DIVISION 
14.1 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Security Holders) create and issue additional classes of 
undated limited recourse secured debt securities constituted by an instrument or deed supplemental 
to the Trust Instrument and may establish additional pools for the purposes of such securities and 
the Trustee shall join in such instrument or deed and thereupon such pool shall be a “Pool” for the 
purposes of the Trust Instrument and such securities shall be “Individual Securities” for such 
purposes, and the Issuer may further create and issue Basket Securities, the Metal Entitlement of 
which is calculated by reference to such Individual Securities in accordance with the Trust 
Instrument (and for which such Metal Securities when in Certificated Form may be surrendered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Instrument). Any such additional classes of Individual 
Securities shall have recourse only to the Pool attributable to the relevant classes and not to any 
other Pool. Other such securities created and issued by the Issuer under this Condition 14.1 may 
relate to different metal than those in respect of which Individual Securities are initially issued, or be 
Basket Securities involving different combinations of Individual Securities or with different weightings, 
or involve different pricing mechanisms. Other such securities created by the Issuer under this 
Condition 14.1 may be created and issued subject to different terms and conditions in lieu of the 
Trust Instrument (including but not limited to different pricing mechanisms), to be determined by the 
Issuer. If other securities created by the Issuer under this Condition 14.1 are subject to different 
terms and conditions in lieu of the Trust Instrument the Issuer shall publish those new conditions in 
its RIS announcement or in a prospectus or listing particulars or supplementary prospectus or 
supplementary listing particulars and on the Issuer’s Website. 
14.2 
The Issuer shall not accept Applications for, or issue, Individual Securities of a new class, or Metal 
Securities (the amount payable on Redemption of which is calculated by reference to (and when 
held in Certificated Form may be surrendered in exchange for) Individual Securities of a new class) 
under Condition 14.1 unless it has first executed and delivered to the Trustee a Security Deed 
creating security by way of fixed charge over the Bullion held in custody attributable to the new class 
of Individual Securities (and Basket Securities to the extent they comprise Individual Securities of 
the new class), assigning by way of security for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security 
Holders the contractual rights of the Issuer of the relevant class under the Custodian Agreements 
and creating a first floating charge for the benefit of the Trustee and the relevant Security Holders 
over all of the Issuer’s rights in relation to the Secured Property attributable to the applicable Pool, 
including but not limited to its rights under the Custodian Agreements and the Secured Metal 
Accounts attributable to that Pool. 
14.3 
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Metal Securities of any type into Metal Securities of 
the same type but with a proportionately larger or smaller Metal Entitlement and Principal Amount. 
Such consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust 
Instrument. 
14.4 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Metal Securities a Security Holder would become entitled to 
a fraction of a Metal Security the Issuer will Redeem such fraction of a Metal Security. In such 
circumstances the provisions of Condition 7.7 (Compulsory Redemptions) shall apply in respect of 
the aggregate fractions of Metal Securities to be redeemed mutatis mutandis as though the 
Redemption were pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Compulsory Redemption on Termination) and the date 
on which the consolidation becomes effective the Final Redemption Notice Date. 
15 
ISSUER’S ABILITY TO PURCHASE METAL SECURITIES 
There is no restriction on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to purchase or repurchase 
Metal Securities. 
16 
LISTING 
The Issuer covenants in the Trust Instrument to use its best endeavours to obtain and, so long as 
any of the Metal Securities remain outstanding, maintain a Listing for the Metal Securities or, if it is 
unable to do so having used such best endeavours or if the maintenance of such listing is agreed by 
the Trustee to be unduly onerous, use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the quotation or 
listing of the Metal Securities on such other stock exchange as it may (with the prior written approval 
of the Trustee) decide. 
17 
WAIVER, AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION; MEETINGS OF SECURITY HOLDERS

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
17.1 
The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if and 
in so far as, in its opinion, the interests of the Security Holders shall not be materially prejudiced 
thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or 
provisions contained in the Trust Instrument or the Security Deeds, or determine that any Defaulted 
Obligation or Issuer Insolvency Event shall not be treated as such PROVIDED THAT the Trustee 
shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition, (a) with respect to a Defaulted 
Obligation, in contravention of any express direction given by the Security Holder to whom such 
Defaulted Obligation is owed or (b) with respect to an Issuer Insolvency Event or any other breach 
or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust 
Instrument, in contravention of any express direction given by Security Holders holding not less than 
25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a single class), but so that no such direction 
shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, 
authorisation or determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions 
(if any) as the Trustee may determine, shall be binding on the Security Holders and, if, but only if, 
the Trustee, shall so require, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Security Holders as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
17.2 
Security Holders in respect of any type or types of Metal Securities have power by Extraordinary 
Resolution, inter alia, to sanction the release of the Issuer from the payment of moneys payable 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument, to sanction any modification, abrogation or compromise of, or 
arrangement in respect of, their rights against the Issuer, to assent to any modification or abrogation 
of the covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Instrument proposed or agreed to by the Issuer 
and also to sanction other matters as provided therein. The Trust Instrument contains provisions 
relating to the convening of meetings by the Issuer or the Trustee and provides that at least fourteen 
days’ notice or, where the meeting is being convened for the purposes of passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution, at least twenty-one days’ notice (exclusive in each case of the day on which the notice 
is served or deemed to be served and of the day for which the notice is given) of every meeting shall 
be given to the Security Holders of the relevant type or types. In the case of a meeting adjourned 
through want of a quorum, other than one convened at the requisition of Security Holders, at least 
seven days’ notice (exclusive as aforesaid) should be given in the same manner as for an original 
meeting. 
18 
EXERCISE OF DISCRETIONS 
The Trustee may exercise its discretions under the Trust Instrument separately in respect of each 
type of Metal Securities, and any Further Securities in issue from time to time, and shall incur no 
liability for so doing. 
19 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Trust Instrument does not provide for any prescription periods. 
20 
REMOVAL, RETIREMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF TRUSTEE 
20.1 
The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Issuer and without being responsible for any Liabilities incurred by 
reason of such retirement. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution of the Security 
Holders (as a single class) appoint or remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust 
Instrument. 
20.2 
The Issuer will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee gives notice of its retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution. The retirement or removal of any Trustee shall not become effective until a successor 
trustee is appointed. 
21 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Conditions, the Metal Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of Jersey. 
The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission by the 
Issuer to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the 
Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
22 
TRUSTEE’S LIABILITY

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee (or any director, officer 
or employee of the Trustee) shall have no liability under the Trust Instrument for a breach of trust 
and, save in such circumstances, no Trustee (and no director, officer or employee of the Trustee), 
in execution of the trusts and powers under the Trust Instrument, shall be liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, 
gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
23 
AMENDMENTS TO CONDITIONS 
These Conditions may be amended as set out herein or by written agreement between the Issuer 
and the Trustee. Any amendment to these Conditions will be notified to Security Holders through a 
RIS announcement, and unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee shall not take effect until at least 
30 days following such announcement, save that a reduction in the Management Fee may take 
effect on announcement. 
24 
AMENDMENTS TO DOCUMENTS 
24.1 
The Issuer may by supplemental agreement or supplemental instrument or deed, as applicable, 
amend or join with the Trustee in amending any of the Trust Instrument, the Security Deeds or the 
Custodian Agreements, and the Trustee agrees in the Trust Instrument to join in a supplemental 
agreement or supplemental instrument or deed as applicable accordingly, if one or more of the 
following applies: 
24.1.1 in the opinion of the Issuer and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and 
is not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders; 
24.1.2 in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error; 
24.1.3 the amendment affects only Basket Securities of one or more particular category or 
categories, the Issuer or the Trustee determines in its discretion that the amendment would 
affect the holders of different categories of Basket Securities differently, and the terms of 
the amendment are authorised by separate Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each 
category of Basket Security affected passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a 
separate resolution in writing of holders of each category of Basket Security affected holding 
not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of such category; 
24.1.4 Condition 24.1.3 does not apply to the amendment, the amendment affects only Basket 
Securities and the terms of the amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the holders of the Basket Securities (as a single class) passed in accordance with the 
Trust Instrument or by a resolution in writing of the holders of the Basket Securities holding 
not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Basket Securities (as a whole); 
24.1.5 Conditions 24.1.3 and 24.1.4 do not apply to the amendment, the Issuer or the Trustee 
determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the holders of different types 
of Metal Securities differently and the terms of the amendment are authorised by separate 
Extraordinary Resolutions of the holders of each type of Metal Security affected passed in 
accordance with the Trust Instrument or in each case by a separate resolution in writing of 
holders of such type of Metal Security affected holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal 
Amount of the Metal Securities of such type, provided that unless the Issuer or the Trustee 
determines in its discretion that the amendment would affect the holders of Basket 
Securities differently from the holders of the relevant class(es) of Individual Securities, 
holders of Basket Securities shall for this purpose be treated as though they were holders 
of the Individual Securities by reference to which the Metal Entitlement of their Basket 
Securities is calculated and not as though they were holders of the Basket Securities; 
24.1.6 Conditions 24.1.3 to 24.1.5 inclusive do not apply to the amendment and the terms of the 
amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders (as a 
single class) passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or by a resolution in writing of 
Security Holders holding not less than 75 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Metal 
Securities (as a whole); or 
24.1.7 the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified or

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
applied in any respect to the Metal Securities) or any Listing Rules or to rectify any 
inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms of such document. 
24.2 
The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to  in Condition 
24.1.1 by publishing a notice on a RIS at least 30 days’ prior to such amendment becoming effective. 
24.3 
The Issuer shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in Conditions 
24.1.3 to 24.1.6 (inclusive) by publishing a notice on a RIS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
24.4 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Condition 24 or in any other Document, the 
power to assent to any modification or amendment to the provision of any Document referred to in 
Condition 24.1 which modifies the power to amend such Document shall require a unanimous 
resolution in writing of holders of the Metal Securities of any type then outstanding. 
25 
NOTICES 
25.1 
Except as provided below, all notices required or permitted to be given to Security Holders, the 
Issuer or the Registrar under the Trust Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in 
writing in English. 
25.2 
All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument shall be 
made by publication through a RIS where required under the terms of such document, but otherwise 
may be given by publication on the Issuer’s Website. 
25.3 
All notices required to be given by the Issuer to Security Holders under the Trust Instrument or 
otherwise shall be given in writing, except to the extent that the notice relates to a meeting of 
Security Holders where, in relation to any Metal Securities which are held in Uncertificated Form, 
the Issuer may from time to time permit notices of Security Holder meetings to be made by means of 
an electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Notice of Meeting in such form and 
subject to such terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Issuer (subject 
always to facilities and requirements of CREST) and may in similar manner permit supplements, or 
amendments, to any such Uncertificated Notice of Meeting to be made by like means. 
25.4 
Any Redemption Form, other than a Redemption Order, given by an Authorised Participant shall be 
sent by fax to the Issuer’s primary fax number, as follows: 
Fax: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other fax number as may be published on the Issuer’s Website, and confirmed by email to 
the following email address: 
Email: infoeu@wisdomtree.com. 
25.5 
Any Redemption Form, other than a Redemption Order, lodged by an Authorised Participant shall be 
deemed to have been lodged upon sending, subject to confirmation of uninterrupted and error- free 
transmission by a transmission report. 
25.6 
Any Redemption Form lodged other than by an Authorised Participant must be delivered by hand, 
sent by prepaid recorded delivery or sent by registered post (or registered airmail in the case of 
posting from an address outside the United Kingdom) to the address specified in Condition 25.7. 
25.7 
Any Notice (other than a Redemption Form) to be given to the Issuer shall be sent to the Issuer’s 
primary fax number set out above or delivered by hand, sent by prepaid recorded delivery or 
registered post (or registered airmail in the case of posting from an address outside the United 
Kingdom), to the following address: 
Name: 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited  
Address: Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW Channel Islands 
Attention: 
WisdomTree Team Fax number: +44 1534 825 335 
or such other address as may be published for the Issuer on the Issuer’s Website.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
25.8 
Any Notice (other than a Redemption Form given by an Authorised Participant) shall, in the absence 
of earlier receipt, be deemed to have been received as follows: 
25.8.1 if delivered by hand, at the time of actual delivery; or 
25.8.2 if sent by prepaid recorded delivery or registered post (or registered airmail in the case of 
posting from an address outside the United Kingdom), on the date it is delivered or its 
delivery is attempted. 
26 
PAYMENT PROVISIONS 
26.1 
All monies payable by the Issuer in respect of Metal Securities shall be paid in US dollars in full 
cleared and immediately available funds. Where no bank account or other settlement details have 
been provided by a Security Holder, or in other circumstances as provided in the Trust Instrument, 
cash payments due to Security Holders will be made by cheque or warrant and despatched by post 
at the risk of the Security Holder. 
26.2 
All monies payable by the Issuer on the Redemption of any Metal Securities shall be paid in full, 
free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority thereof having power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law to which the person making the payment is subject. 
26.3 
Where a day on which a payment would otherwise be due and payable is not a Business Day, such 
payment shall be due and payable by the payer on the next following Business Day.”

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
PART 7 
PARTICULARS OF SECURITY DEEDS 
The Issuer and the Trustee have entered into the following Security Deeds: 
(a) the Platinum Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 
11 December 2009; 
(b) the Palladium Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 
11 December 2009; 
(c) the Silver Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 11 
December 2009; 
(d) the Gold Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 11 
December 2009;  
(e) the Swiss Gold Security Deed dated 11 December 2009; and 
(f) the Core Physical Gold Security Deed dated 20 November 2020, 
in each case creating Security over all the Secured Property attributable to the relevant class for the benefit 
of the Trustee and the Security Holders of the Individual Securities of that class and of the Basket Securities 
(to the extent they are comprised of Individual Securities of that class). 
The particulars of the Security Deeds as set out below are taken from the relevant agreements and are, 
therefore, drafted in legal language. Detail on how this impacts upon Security Holders is contained 
throughout this Prospectus including Part 1 (General) under the heading “Security Structure” and Part 4 
(Description of Metal Securities) under the heading “Security Structure and Separate Pools”. 
The Security Deeds contain, inter alia, provisions to the following effect: 
1 
CHARGE 
1.1 
Charge: The Issuer charges to the Trustee by way of first fixed charge, as continuing security for 
the payment or discharge of all sums owing by or obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee or the 
Security Holders from time to time under the applicable type of Metal Securities, the Trust Instrument 
or the relevant Security Deed (the “Secured Liabilities”), the Bullion held in custody attributable to 
the relevant class of Individual Security and grants a first ranking floating charge to the Trustee for 
the benefit of itself and the Security Holders of that type of Metal Securities over all the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the relevant Secured Property. 
1.2 
Assignment by way of Security: The Issuer as further security for the Secured Liabilities assigns 
absolutely to the Trustee all of its present and future rights, title and interest in the Secured Metal 
Accounts and the Custodian Agreements insofar as they pertain to the relevant Pool. 
2 
ENFORCEMENT 
2.1 
The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (a) a Defaulted Obligation 
has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing. 
2.2 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument with 
respect to the Secured Property: 
2.2.1 
after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, the Trustee may at any time, at its discretion, 
and shall if so directed in writing by a Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is 
owed, the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its 
satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in 
relation to the Issuer to enforce any such obligations of the Issuer under the Trust 
Instrument and the Security constituted by the Security Deeds in respect of the Metal 
Securities to which the Defaulted Obligation relates; 
2.2.2 
if an Issuer Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, 
at its discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 
25 per cent. by Principal Amount of the Metal Securities (as a whole) then outstanding or 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Security Holders holding Metal Securities (as a single 
class), the Trustee having first been indemnified and/or secured and/or funded to its 
satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
relation to the Issuer to enforce any obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Instrument 
and the security constituted by the Security Deeds in respect of all outstanding Metal 
Securities; and 
2.2.3 
where an Issuer Insolvency Event is occurring at the same time as a Defaulted Obligation, 
a holder of Metal Securities to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed will not be entitled to 
require the Trustee to take action as described in paragraph 2.2.1 above until the expiry of 
30 days from the occurrence of the Issuer Insolvency Event nor shall he be so entitled if, 
during such period of 30 days, the Trustee has elected, or been required, to take action as 
described in paragraph 2.2.2. 
3 
GOVERNING LAW 
The Security Deeds are governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission by the 
Issuer to the jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Deeds, nothing prevents the 
Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
A19.2.2.10B 
PART 8 
CUSTODY, THE CUSTODIAN AGREEMENTS AND THE METAL AGENT AGREEMENT 
 
CUSTODY AND THE CUSTODIAN AGREEMENTS 
Storage and Insurance of Bullion 
Platinum and palladium will be held by the Initial Custodian at its London vault premises or by one or more 
Initial Zurich Sub-Custodians at their Zurich vault premises. Silver and gold (other than gold attributable to 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities) will be held by the Initial Custodian at its London vault 
premises or, in the case of silver, by up to two Silver Sub-Custodians at their vault premises. Gold attributable 
to the WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities will be held in Switzerland by the Swiss Gold Custodian 
through the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian at its Zurich vault premises. 
Such Bullion may be held elsewhere by the relevant Custodian or a Sub-Custodian appointed by the 
relevant Custodian or by a delegate of a Sub-Custodian on a temporary basis prior to Bullion being 
transported to such vault premises or as part of a creation or redemption process. The relevant Custodian will 
be responsible for the transportation, handling and any costs associated with moving Bullion to or from its 
London vault premises or the Zurich vault premises of the Zurich Sub-Custodian and between any vaults 
of Sub-Custodians, the vault premises of the Silver Sub-Custodian. 
As at the date of this document the Sub-Custodians directly appointed by the Initial Custodian are The 
Bank of England (with respect to gold only), The Bank of Nova Scotia (ScotiaMocatta), JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., UBS AG, Brink’s Global Services Inc., Loomis International (with respect to silver only), ICBC 
Standard Bank plc and Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd. 
At the date of this document the Sub-Custodians directly appointed by the Swiss Gold Custodian are 
Brink’s Global Services Inc and Loomis International. 
In relation to WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, the Initial Custodian has agreed at its absolute 
discretion to endeavour on a commercially reasonable basis to allocate gold Bullion that was produced on 
or after 1 January 2019 and where that is not possible then gold Bullion that was produced on or after 1 
January 2012. The Initial Custodian will maintain the right to allocate standard gold Bullion that satisfies 
the Rules should it deem in its own opinion there are not sufficient gold bars produced after 1 January 
2019 or 1 January 2012 as applicable available within the pool of Bullion available with the Custodian to 
be allocated or if for any other reason the Custodian is not able to allocate gold Bullion produced after 1 
January 2019 or 1 January 2012, respectively.   
The Custodians (or one of their respective affiliates) may make such insurance arrangements from time to 
time in connection with their custodial obligations with respect to Bullion held in allocated form as they 
consider appropriate. The Custodians have no obligation to insure such Bullion against loss, theft or dam- 
age and the Issuer does not intend to insure against such risks. In addition, the Trustee is not responsible for 
ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for insuring the Bullion held in the 
Secured Metal Accounts, and shall not be required to make any enquiry regarding such matters. 
Furthermore, neither the Issuer nor the Trustee will require any Silver Sub-Custodian or Zurich Sub- 
Custodian or any other direct or indirect Sub-Custodians to be insured or bonded with respect to their 
custodial activities or in respect of the Bullion held by them pursuant to the Custodian Agreements. 
The Custodians will maintain such insurance in connection with their custodial obligations under the 
Custodian Agreements as they consider appropriate, and they shall be responsible for all costs, fees and 
expenses in relation thereto. The Issuer may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, be provided with details 
of these insurance coverage arrangements from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
The Custodians have agreed to charge a fee for their services under the Custodian Agreements in each 
case based on the aggregate amount of Bullion held in the relevant Secured Metal Account (with no 
minimum fee), calculated daily and payable monthly or quarterly in arrear. 
The Custodian Agreements with the Initial Custodian will continue unless any of the Issuer (in respect of the 
Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement only), the Trustee (in respect of the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account and Initial Secured Allocated Account) or the Custodian gives 90 days’ prior written 
notice, or immediately in certain circumstances. The Custodian Agreements with the Swiss Gold Custodian 
may be terminated if either the Issuer or Custodian gives 90 days’ prior written notice or immediately in 
certain circumstances.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
A19.3.8 (b)C 
The Custodians 
The Initial Custodian 
HSBC Bank plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc with its registered office at 8 Canada 
Square, London E14 5HQ and provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the 
Initial Custodian Agreements. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK and HSBC Holdings plc has total assets of 
$2.715 trillion as at 31 December 2019. 
 
The Swiss Gold Custodian 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a national banking association organised under the laws of the United 
States which acts through its London branch at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5JP and 
provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the Swiss Gold Custodian 
Agreements. 
The Swiss Gold Custodian is subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, USA. In addition to supervision and examination by the United 
States federal authorities, JPMorgan Chase’s London office is regulated by the FCA. JPMorgan Chase is 
a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
The Custodians will be responsible for the safekeeping of the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts and 
the Subscription Unallocated Accounts maintained with them. The primary business activity of the 
Custodians in respect of their role to the Issuer is to act as custodian of Bullion. The Custodians will 
maintain custody of the assets on both a book-entry or unallocated basis and on an allocated basis. 
While the UK operations of each of the Custodians are regulated by the FCA, the custodial services 
provided by the Custodians and any Sub-Custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently not a 
regulated activity subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA. 
The Custodians and any of their affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell Metal Securities for their 
own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion. 
The Custodian Agreements contain provisions limiting the liability of the Custodians and indemnities in 
favour of the Custodians which are restricted to exclude matters arising by reason of loss or damage arising 
as a result of fraud, negligence or material breach by the Custodian in the performance of its duties. The 
Custodians may make use of Sub-Custodians and depositories in the exercise of their functions. 
The Custodians do not warrant the contents of this Prospectus, nor are they involved in the management, 
administration or net asset value calculation of the Metal Securities. 
Value Added Tax 
Platinum, palladium and silver are subject to 20 per cent. VAT when imported into the United Kingdom 
(except those arrivals from within the EU which are not currently subject to such import VAT). The VAT can 
be reclaimed as long as the importer is a member of the LBMA (in the case of silver) and the LPPM (in the 
case of platinum and palladium) and the metals are kept within the London “black box” clearing system. 
No VAT is payable when investment gold is imported into the Unitied Kingdom. 
The Custodians are each members of the LBMA and the LPPM and thus any VAT charged to the 
Custodians under the Programme is reclaimable. The processes designed by the Custodians for the 
benefit of the Issuer means that Metal Securities should not accrue any future irrecoverable VAT charges, 
although if the rules for VAT or importation were changed, it is possible that Metal Securities could be liable 
for irrecoverable VAT when the Bullion is imported into the UK. However, under current rules, if upon 
redemption the Security Holder requires physical delivery outside of the “black box” system then they will 
be liable for VAT. 
In respect of metals coming in from outside the EU, they can be brought straight into the bonded warehouse 
which will mean that as they are not in free circulation no import VAT charge arises. They can be traded 
whilst remaining in bond, without a VAT charge arising. Storage charges for metals in bond do not attract 
a VAT charge, whereas storage charges for metals that are outside the bond but fall within the reliefs of the 
London “black box” clearing system are subject to VAT. 
Pursuant to the Custodian Agreements, the Custodians (and not the Issuer or Trustee) are liable for any 
VAT.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
The Secured Metal Accounts Agreements 
The Secured Metal Accounts have been established pursuant to the terms of the Custodian Agreements. The 
following is a summary of these documents. As this relates to the Custodian Agreements the following 
provisions are drafted in legal language. Explanation of how this relates to Security Holders can be found 
under the heading “Custody of Bullion” in Part 1 (General) and under the heading “Storage and Insurance 
of Bullion” above. 
On 28 December 2017, an amendment deed to the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement was 
entered into between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Custodian in order to facilitate redemption of 
WisdomTree Physical Gold Securities by means of Physical Metal Delivery. On 28 September 2020, 
amendment agreements to the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement and the Swiss Gold 
Secured Allocated Account Agreement were entered into between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Swiss 
Gold Custodian in order to include a facility on the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account pursuant to 
which Bullion standing to the credit of the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account will be fully allocated 
to the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account. On 20 November 2020 and amendment and restatement 
agreement in respect of the Initial Secured Unallocated Account Agreement were entered into between 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Initial Custodian in order to include a facility on the Initial Secured 
Unallocated Account and the Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account pursuant to which gold 
Bullion standing to the credit of the Initial Secured Unallocated Account and the Core Physical Gold 
Secured Unallocated Account will be fully allocated to the Initial Secured Allocated Account and the Core 
Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account (respectively).  
1. 
SECURED METAL ACCOUNTS 
(a) 
The Custodians will open and maintain the Secured Metal Accounts in the name of the Trustee (as 
legal mortgagee pursuant to the security granted by the Security Deeds and in its capacity as trustee 
for the Security Holders). The Secured Metal Accounts shall evidence and record the withdrawals 
of Bullion from and deposits of Bullion to that account. Each Secured Metal Account will be 
denominated in respect of platinum, palladium and silver in troy ounces and in respect of gold fine 
troy ounces. 
(b) 
The Custodians will provide reports by fax or by e-mail (at the option of the Trustee) to the Trustee 
by the close of each Business Day (only if there have been any changes). The Custodians retain 
the right to reverse recording errors with retrospective effect. 
(c) 
Each of the Custodians acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deeds, the Issuer has assigned 
by way of first legal mortgage to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Security Holders all its 
rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to all Bullion credited to the Secured Metal 
Accounts and all the rights of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Metal Accounts, including the 
rights of the Issuer in the Secured Allocated Account Agreements and the Secured Unallocated 
Account Agreements, such assignment to take effect by way of first fixed security. 
2. 
DEPOSITS 
Notice of an intended deposit into the relevant Secured Unallocated Account must be given by the Issuer to 
the Custodian no later than 3.00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to which the Trustee (in the 
case of the relevant Secured Allocated Account) or the Issuer (in the case of the relevant Subscription 
Unallocated Account) wishes the Custodian to credit to such Secured Unallocated Account Bullion debited 
from either the relevant Secured Allocated Account or the relevant Subscription Unallocated Account. 
The Custodians are required to use their commercially reasonable endeavours to complete the transfer of 
Bullion from the Secured Unallocated Account to the Secured Allocated Account on the day of receipt in the 
Secured Unallocated Account. 
3. 
WITHDRAWALS 
The Custodians may amend the procedures for withdrawing Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts or 
impose additional procedures where such amendment is caused by a change in procedures of the Relevant 
Association. 
Once a withdrawal of Bullion from a Secured Allocated Account is requested, such Bullion must be de- 
allocated for purposes of crediting it to an unallocated Bullion account.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
4. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
(a) 
The Issuer, the Trustee and each of the Custodians have agreed that only the Trustee shall have the 
right to give instructions to the Custodians for withdrawal of Bullion from the Secured Metal Accounts, 
whether by way of de-allocation or by way of collection or delivery, credit or debit. 
(b) 
If, in the relevant Custodian’s opinion, any instructions are unclear or ambiguous, such Custodian 
shall use reasonable endeavours (taking into account any relevant time constraints) to obtain 
clarification of those instructions from the Trustee (but not from the Issuer) and, failing that, the 
Custodian may in its absolute discretion and without any liability on its part, act upon what the 
Custodian believes in good faith such instructions to be or refuse to take any action or execute such 
instructions until any ambiguity or conflict has been resolved to the Custodian’s satisfaction. 
5. 
CUSTODY SERVICES 
The Custodians are appointed as the custodians of the Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts in 
accordance with the Custodian Agreements. The Custodians will segreate Bullion credited to the Secured 
Allocated Accounts from any other Bullion which it owns or holds for others by making appropriate entries 
in its books and records, and will require any Sub-Custodians it appoints to so segregate such Bullion. 
Each of the Custodians will identify in its books the Trustee as the legal mortgagee of the Bullion credited 
to the Secured Metal Accounts. 
The Initial Custodian agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts promptly to transport any Bullion held 
for the Issuer by or for a Sub-Custodian to the Initial Custodian’s London vault premises, the Silver Sub-
Custodian’s vault premises or the Initial Zurich Sub-Custodian’s Zurich vault premises at its own cost and 
risk. 
The Swiss Gold Custodian agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts promptly to transport any Bullion 
held for the Issuer by or for a Sub-Custodian to the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian’s Zurich vault 
premises at its own cost and risk. 
6. 
SUB-CUSTODIANS 
Sub-Custodians – temporary custody 
The Custodians may appoint Sub-Custodians solely for the temporary custody and safekeeping of Bullion 
until transported to the relevant vault premises. The Secured Allocated Account Agreements requires the 
relevant Custodian to use reasonable care in the selection of those Sub-Custodians and provides that it 
shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense arising directly or indirectly from an act or omission, or 
insolvency, of any Sub-Custodian it appoints unless the appointment of that Sub-Custodian was made by it 
negligently or in bad faith. The only Sub-Custodians which the Initial Custodian has currently appointed to 
perform such duties will be those custodians which are members of the Relevant Association, namely, in 
addition to the Custodian, The Bank of England (with respect to gold only), The Bank of Nova Scotia 
(ScotiaMocatta), JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., UBS AG, ICBC Standard Bank plc, Brink’s Global Services 
Inc., Loomis International and Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd. 
The only Sub-Custodians that the Swiss Gold Custodian has currently appointed to perform such duties are 
Brinks Global Services Inc. and Loomis International. 
Zurich Sub-Custodians and Silver Sub-Custodians - custody 
The Initial Custodian may employ Zurich Sub-Custodians for the custody and safekeeping of platinum and 
palladium in their Zurich vault premises and may employ Silver Sub-Custodians for the custody and 
safekeeping of silver in their vault premises. The Swiss Gold Custodian may employ Zurich Sub- 
Custodians for the custody and safekeeping of gold in their Zurich vault premises. The Custodians will use 
reasonable care in selecting any Silver Sub-Custodian or Zurich Sub-Custodian. As of the date of the Initial 
Secured Metal Account Agreement, the Zurich Sub-Custodians that the Initial Custodian uses are Brink’s 
Global Services Inc. and ViaMat International. The Silver Sub-Custodian is currently Malca Amit. The Swiss 
Gold Zurich Sub-Custodian is currently UBS AG. Nothing in the clause described in this paragraph limits the 
Custodians’ liability with respect to Bullion held by a Zurich Sub-Custodian. In addition to the requirements 
referred to in paragraph 5, the Custodians must require any Silver Sub- Custodian or Zurich Sub-Custodian 
to segregate the Bullion held by it for the Issuer from any bullion which it holds for the relevant Custodian 
and any other customers of such Custodian by making appropriate entries in its books and records. The 
Custodians must give to the Silver Sub-Custodians and Zurich Sub-Custodians notices in the form specified 
in the Secured Metal Account Agreements and ensure that the Silver Sub-Custodians and Zurich Sub-
Custodians deliver to the Trustee (with a copy to the Issuer) acknowledgements and undertakings to 
segregate all Bullion held by them for the Issuer from any which they own or hold for others and to segregate

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
the Bullion held by them for the Issuer from any bullion which they hold for the Custodians and any other 
customers of the Custodians, and in each case undertaking to make appropriate entries in their books and 
records. 
7. 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
The Custodians have each agreed to charge a fee for their services under the Custodian Agreements in 
each case at a rate based on the aggregate amount of Bullion held in the Secured Allocated Accounts 
(with no minimum fee), calculated at the end of each Business Day and payable monthly in arrears, (as 
determined by the Custodian) in Bullion. 
In addition, the Issuer is required to procure the payment on demand of all costs, charges and expenses 
(including any relevant taxes excluding VAT, duties and legal fees but excluding fees for transportation, 
storage and insurance of Bullion and any fees and expenses of Sub-Custodians, which are covered by the 
fee above) incurred by the Custodians in connection with the performance of their duties and obligations 
under the Secured Allocated Account Agreements and the Secured Unallocated Account Agreements or 
otherwise in connection with the Bullion credited to the Secured Metal Accounts. 
8. 
VALUE ADDED TAX 
All sums payable under the Custodian Agreements by the Issuer to the Custodians shall be deemed to be 
exclusive of VAT. 
9. 
SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY 
(a) 
General: The Custodians will use reasonable care in the performance of their duties under the 
Custodian Agreements and will only be responsible for any loss or damage suffered as a direct 
result of any negligence, fraud or wilful default by them in the performance of their duties, and in 
which case their liability will not exceed the market value of Bullion lost or damaged at the time that 
such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by the relevant Custodian. 
The Custodians are under no duty or obligation to make or take, or require any Sub-Custodian they 
appoint to make or take, any special arrangements or precautions beyond those required by any 
applicable rules of the Relevant Association, the Bank of England or any other applicable regulatory 
authority or as specifically set out in the relevant agreement. 
(b) 
Insurance: The Custodians will maintain such insurance in connection with their custodial 
obligations under the Custodian Agreements as they consider appropriate, and they shall be 
responsible for all costs, fees and expenses in relation thereto. The Issuer may, subject to 
confidentiality restrictions, be provided with details of these insurance coverage arrangements from 
time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
(c) 
Force majeure: The Custodians (or any affiliate) shall not be liable for any delay in performance, or 
for the non-performance of any of their obligations under the relevant Custodian Agreements by 
reason of any cause beyond the relevant Custodian’s reasonable control. This includes any act of 
God or war or terrorism or any breakdown, malfunction or failure of transmission, communication 
or computer facilities, industrial action, acts and regulations of any governmental or supra national 
bodies or authorities or regulatory or self-regulatory organisation, for any reason, to perform their 
obligations. 
(d) 
Indemnity: The Issuer shall indemnify each of the Custodians against all costs and expenses, 
damages, liabilities and losses (other than VAT) which each such Custodian may suffer or incur, 
directly or indirectly in connection with the Custodian Agreements except to the extent that such 
sums are due directly to their respective negligence, wilful default or fraud. 
10. 
TERMINATION 
(a) 
The Initial Custodian Agreements and the Core Physical Gold Custodian Agreements 
The Trustee (or, in the case of the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement, the Issuer) and 
the Initial Custodian may each terminate any Initial Custodian Agreement by giving not less than 90 
days’ written notice to the other: 
If arrangements have not been made for the redelivery of the Bullion held in the Initial Secured Metal 
Accounts within six months of the termination date specified in the termination notice, the Initial 
Custodian will be entitled to sell such Bullion and account to the Trustee, in the case of the Initial 
Secured Metal Accounts, or the Issuer, in the case of the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account, 
for the proceeds after deducting any amounts due to the Initial Custodian under the Initial Custodian 
Agreements. Termination will not affect rights and obligations then outstanding under the Initial

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Custodian Agreements which shall continue to be governed by the Initial Custodian Agreements 
until all obligations have been fully performed. 
(b) 
The Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements 
The Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements may be terminated by either the Issuer or the Custodian 
giving to the other party(ies) not less than 90 days’ written notice unless any of the following 
circumstances occur in which case any Swiss Gold Custodian Agreement may be terminated 
immediately upon written notice as follows: 
(i) 
by the Trustee (or, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement, the Issuer), if the Swiss Gold Custodian ceases to offer the services contemplated 
by the relevant Swiss Gold Custodian Agreement to its clients or proposes to withdraw from the 
bullion custody business; 
(ii) 
by the Trustee (or, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement, the Issuer) or the Swiss Gold Custodian, if it becomes unlawful for the Swiss Gold 
Custodian to be a party to the relevant Swiss Gold Custodian Agreement or to offer its services 
to the Issuer on the terms contemplated by such agreement or it becomes unlawful for the 
Trustee or the Issuer to receive such services or to be a party to such agreement; 
(iii) 
by the Swiss Gold Custodian, if there is any event or circumstance which, in the Swiss Gold 
Custodian’s sole view, indicates the Issuer’s insolvency or impending insolvency; 
(iv) 
by the Trustee (or, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement, the Issuer), if there is any event which, in the Trustee’s sole view, indicates the 
Swiss Gold Custodian’s insolvency or impending insolvency; 
(v) 
by the Trustee (or, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement, the Issuer) or by the Swiss Gold Custodian, if the Swiss Gold Zurich Sub- 
Custodian ceases to offer or gives notice of its intention to cease offering the services 
contemplated by the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement or proposes to 
withdraw from the bullion custody business and the Swiss Gold Custodian, the Issuer and the 
Trustee have not been able to identify a mutually agreeable replacement Zurich Sub-
Custodian prior to the Zurich Sub-Custodian ceasing to offer such services; or 
(vi) 
by the Trustee (or, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement, the Issuer) or by the Swiss Gold Custodian, if either of the other Swiss Gold 
Custodian Agreements ceases to be in full force and effect at any time. 
If arrangements have not been made for the redelivery of the Bullion held in the Swiss Gold Secured 
Metal Accounts within six months of the termination date specified in the termination notice, the 
Swiss Gold Custodian will be entitled to sell such Bullion and account to the Trustee, in the case of 
the Swiss Gold Secured Metal Accounts, or the Issuer, in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription 
Unallocated Accounts, for the proceeds after deducting any amounts due to the Swiss Gold Custodian 
under the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements. Termination shall not affect rights and obligations then 
outstanding under the Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements which shall continue to be governed by the 
Swiss Gold Custodian Agreements until all obligations have been fully performed. 
11. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
Each Custodian Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law and the 
Issuer agrees that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Custodian Agreement. 
 
THE METAL AGENT AGREEMENT 
Storage and Insurance of the relevant Bullion 
On 21 July 2020, Heraeus Metals Germany GmbH & Co KG (“Heraeus Metals”) gave notice to terminate 
the Metal Agent Agreement with the Issuer relating to Physical Metal Delivery in relation to WisdomTree 
Physical Swiss Gold.  The Issuer and Heraeus Metals agreed that such termination would take effect on 
20 November 2020. By a Metal Agent Agreement dated 20 November 2020 between the Issuer and the 
Metal Agent, the Metal Agent was appointed as metal agent in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold with effect from 20 November 2020.  Accordingly as at the date 
of this Prospectus the Swiss Gold Metal Agent and the Core Physical Gold Metal Agent is Metalor 
Technologies SA.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Gold relating to Swiss Gold Metal Securities and Core Physical Gold Securities will be held by the Metal 
Agent in its Metal Agent Account in unallocated form 
Under the Metal Agent Agreement, the Metal Agent shall make such insurance arrangements from time to 
time in connection with their obligations with respect to Bullion held in unallocated form as they consider 
appropriate. In addition, the Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements 
have been made, or for insuring the Bullion held in the Metal Agent Account, and shall not be required to 
make any enquiry regarding such matters. 
The Issuer may, subject to confidentiality restrictions, be provided with details of these insurance coverage 
arrangements from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
The Metal Agent has agreed to charge a fee for its services under the Metal Agent Agreement based on a 
percentage of the aggregate amount of Bullion received from the Custodian and to be deposited in a 
Physical Security Holder Bank, calculated on a redemption by redemption basis and payable by way of 
deducting such fee from the relevant Bullion transferred to it from the Custodian in order to effect such 
Redemption by way of Physical Metal Delivery. 
The Metal Agent Agreement will continue for an initial period of three years, and indefinitely thereafter unless 
terminated by either the Issuer or the Metal Agent by giving six months’ prior written notice, or immediately 
in certain circumstances. 
The Metal Agent 
Metalor Technologies S.A. is a company incorporated and registered in Switzerland with its registered office 
at Route de Perveuils 8, 2074, Marin – Epagnier, Neuchatel, Switzerland. 
Role of the Metal Agent 
The primary business activity of the Metal Agent in respect of its role to the Issuer is to act as agent to 
facilitate the physical delivery of the relevant Bullion to a Physical Security Holder Bank, in order to effect 
a redemption of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold 
Securities. 
The Metal Agent will hold Bullion delivered to it on an unallocated basis. 
The Metal Agent and any of its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell Metal Securities for its own 
or others’ account. 
The Metal Agent Agreement contains provisions limiting the liability of the Metal Agent and indemnities in 
favour of the Metal Agent which are restricted to exclude matters arising by reason of loss or damage arising 
as a result of fraud, negligence, wilful default or bad faith by the Metal Agent in the performance of its duties. 
The Metal Agent does not warrant the contents of this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, 
administration or net asset value calculation of the Metal Securities. 
The Metal Agent Agreement  
The following is a summary of the Metal Agent Agreement. The following provisions are drafted in legal 
language. Explanation of how this relates to Security Holders can be found under the heading “Custody of 
Bullion” in Part 1 (General) and under the heading “Storage and Insurance of Bullion” above. 
1 
METAL AGENT ACCOUNT 
Bullion for the purposes of redemption of Metal Securities by Physical Delivery will be delivered by the 
Custodian to the Metal Agent Account. The Metal Agent Account will be denominated in fine troy ounces. 
2 
WITHDRAWALS, DEDUCTIONS AND FEES 
Before a withdrawal from the Metal Agent Account can be made to effect delivery of the relevant Bullion to 
the Physical Security Holder Bank, the Metal Agent will deduct the Metal Agent Fee from the relevant Bullion 
transferred to it from the Custodian in respect of a particular redemption. 
The Metal Agent Fee is a percentage of the Bullion delivered to it by the Custodian, being the greater of 
(a) one ounce of Bullion; or (b) 1.00% of the relevant Bullion delivered to the Metal Agent, the Bullion 
remaining after the deduction of the Metal Agent Fee being the “Available Bullion”. 
The Metal Agent will then round the Available Bullion down to the nearest 1.00 gram (with the Bullion 
remaining following such rounding down being the “Deliverable Bullion”). The Deliverable Bullion shall 
then be transferred by the Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank. The amount of Bullion

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
representing the difference between the Available Bullion less the Deliverable Bullion shall be held by the 
Metal Agent for ManJer. 
The Metal Agent will, once all conditions have been satisfied, deliver the relevant Bullion to the Physical 
Security Holder Bank as specified by the Security Holder. The Bullion will then be held by the Physical 
Security Holder Bank for the Security Holder in the manner as separately agreed between the Security 
Holder and the Physical Security Holder Bank. 
3 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE METAL AGENT 
If either (a) a Redeeming Physical Security Holder lodges a valid Redemption Form with the Issuer 
requesting Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities or Core Physical Gold Securities by way of Physical 
Metal Delivery in accordance with the Conditions (an “Optional Physical Redemption”); or (b) the Issuer 
confirms that a Compulsory Redemption will be effected by way of Physical Metal Delivery in accordance 
with the Conditions (a “Compulsory Physical Redemption”), the Issuer agrees to arrange through the Metal 
Agent for redemption by way of delivery of Physical Bullion to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank.  
For all Optional Physical Redemptions, the Issuer will provide a copy of the valid Redemption Form 
accompanied by a Confirmation of a Valid Redemption Form in respect thereof, in each case via Email to 
the E Metal Agent on the Business Day that the valid Redemption Form is deemed lodged with the Issuer 
provided that all valid Redemption Forms lodged with the Issuer later than 4.30 p.m. (London time) will be 
processed on the following Business Day.  
For all Compulsory Physical Redemptions, the Issuer will provide the Compulsory Redemption Information 
accompanied by a Confirmation of a Valid Redemption Form in respect thereof, in each case via Email to 
the Metal Agent on the Compulsory Redemption Notice Date or on the Final Trading Date (as applicable), 
provided that such notification shall be received by the Metal Agent no later than 4.30 p.m (London time), 
otherwise such notification shall be deemed to be received by the Metal Agent on the following Business 
Day.   
Following provision by the Issuer to the Metal Agent of a Redemption Form or Compulsory Redemption 
Information and, in each case, a Confirmation of a Valid Redemption Form in respect thereof, the Issuer 
will instruct the Custodian to deliver the relevant amount of Bullion to the Metal Agent Account, which 
Bullion will be held by the Metal Agent on trust for the Issuer until delivery in respect of the Redemption of 
such Metal Securities of the physical Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank. The Metal Agent will 
arrange for the physical delivery of Bullion in in the form of bars and/or coins complying with the Rules 
(after making all relevant deductions in accordance with Condition 9.5 (Redemption Fee and Metal Agent 
Fee)) within:  
(a) in respect of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities, five (5) Physical Metal Delivery Business 
Days (or such additional period as the Metal Agent may determine up to a further three Physical Metal 
Delivery Business Days); and  
(b) in respect of WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities, five (5) London Business Days (or such 
additional period as the Metal Agent may determine up to a further three London Business Days),   
in each case from the later of (i) the date of deposit into the Metal Agent Account of the relevant Bullion by 
the Custodian; and (ii) the receipt of the Redemption Form, or Compulsory Redemption Information (as 
applicable) in each case accompanied by a Confirmation of a Valid Redemption Form in respect thereof 
from the Issuer (save that where any Security Holder is to receive more than 250kg, the Metal Agent has 
a further one week per tonne (1,000kg) or part of a tonne to make such transfer).  
The Metal Agent is not responsible for accuracy of the details as contained within the Redemption Form 
or Compulsory Redemption Form. Fees in regard to formal defects in the Redemption Form or Compulsory 
Redemption Form, which cause a delay in shipment or return of the Bullion will be borne by the Issuer. 
Receipt of Bullion for either Optional Physical Redemption or Compulsory Physical Redemption which 
arrive from the Custodian into the Metal Agent Account later than 4.30 p.m. (London time) will be deemed 
received by the Metal Agent the following Business Day. 
The arrangements for actual physical delivery of physical Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank shall 
be as agreed between the Metal Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) (failing which as specified in the applicable 
Redemption Form, or Compulsory Redemption Information) and the Physical Security Holder Bank and at 
the cost of the Security Holder.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Upon delivery in respect of the Redemption of any Metal Securities of the physical Bullion to the Physical 
Security Holder Bank title thereto will pass to the Physical Security Holder Bank. 
4 
SECURITY 
Where a Security Holder (which is not an Authorised Participant) requires the redemption of its 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities or WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities by way of 
Physical Metal Delivery of the relevant Bullion representing the amount of its Metal Entitlement (minus all 
relevant deductions), such Bullion will be transferred from the Custodian’s Secured Metal Accounts to the 
Metal Agent’s Account, where it will be held in unallocated form. When the Bullion is transferred out of the 
Secured Metal Accounts, the fixed charge, or legal mortgage, in favour of the Trustee under the Security 
Deeds will fall away. The Settlement Date for such a redemption is the date the Bullion is received into the 
unallocated Metal Agent Account, and not the date such Bullion is received with the Security Holder’s 
Physical Security Holder Bank. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be responsible or liable for any failure by the Metal Agent to effect 
a delivery of Bullion in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee and/or the Issuer. However, in the 
event of such failure: the Issuer shall to the extent practicable assign to the redeeming Security Holder its 
claim in relation to such Bullion in satisfaction of all claims of such Security Holder in respect of the 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold Securities to be redeemed, and the Security Holder shall have no further 
claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property. The Security Holder will not have any recourse to either 
the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of any such failure. The Issuer will instead have an unsecured claim 
against the Metal Agent which it will, to the extent practicable, assign to the redeeming Security Holder. 
If and when the relevant Bullion is delivered to the Metal Agent, it will cease to form part of the security for 
the Metal Securities and the Trustee will cease to have any right to, or interest in, that Bullion. The Trustee 
will not be a party to the Metal Agent Agreement and will not have any security interest in the Issuer’s rights 
against the Metal Agent and therefore it will have no right to enforce delivery of the relevant Bullion by the 
Metal Agent to the relevant Physical Security Holder Bank and the Trustee will have no responsibility for 
any failure by the Custodian to deliver the Bullion to the Metal Agent, any failure by the Metal Agent to 
deliver the Bullion to the Physical Security Holder Bank or any failure by the Physical Security Holder Bank 
to account to the Security Holder for the relevant Bullion. It is the responsibility of the Security Holder to 
ensure that it has in place arrangements with the Physical Security Holder Bank which are adequate to 
ensure onward delivery or storage of the relevant Bullion on behalf of the Security Holder. 
5 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Metal Agent Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law and the 
Issuer agrees that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Metal Agreement.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
PART 9 
GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES (GERMANY) 
The following is a non-binding English language translation of the form of Global Bearer 
Certificates. The definitive German language text, of which the following is a direct and accurate 
translation, of the form of the Global Bearer Certificates and the Conditions of the Global Bearer 
Certificates is set out in Annexes 1 and 2 of this document. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the definitive German language text of the form of Global Bearer Certificates and the 
English translation below, the former shall always prevail. 
Model Form of the Global Bearer Certificates 
 
Global Bearer Certificate 
for 
• registered [see Annex 1] [type of Individual / category of Basket] Securities 
of 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited 
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Rd, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each 
As underlying stock for this Global Bearer Certificate the Clearstream Banking 
 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany (hereinafter 
referred  
to as “Clearstream”), is holding • registered [type of Individual / category of Basket]  
Securities [see Annex 1] [type of Individual / category of Basket] Securities (hereinafter  
referred to as “Notes”), of WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands  
(hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), constituted by a Trust Instrument between  
the Company and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as  
amended/supplemented from time to time (hereinafter referred to as the “Trust  
Instrument”) and secured as described therein and divided into securities with a principal  
amount of • [see Annex 1] each, registered in the name of Vidacos Nominees Limited,  
London, England, and held in a special Safe Custody Account with Citibank N.A.,  
London, England. Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand  
at any time from Clearstream to arrange for the delivery and registration in the relevant  
Register of Security Holders in his name or in the name of a third party designated by  
him of such number of Notes as corresponds to his share in this Global Bearer Certificate.  
In respect of all further matters, the Conditions attached to this Global Bearer Certificate  
and forming an essential part thereof shall apply.  
Frankfurt am Main, ...  
147 
  
  
147   
CLEARSTREAM BANKING  
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES 
Conditions of the Certificate 
1 
This Global Bearer Certificate bears the signature of two managing directors, or one 
managing director and one holder of procuration, of the Clearstream Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, (hereinafter referred 
to as “Clearstream”). 
2 
Each co-owner of this Global Bearer Certificate is entitled to demand at any time from 
Clearstream the delivery and the registration in the relevant Register of Security Holders, 
in his name or in the name of a third party designated by him of such number of registered 
• [see Annex 1] [type of Individual / category of Basket] Securities (hereinafter referred to 
as “Notes”) of WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands, (hereinafter 
referred as “Company”) constituted by a Trust Instrument between the Company and The 
Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as amended/supplemented from time to time 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Trust Instrument”) and secured as described therein and 
divided into securities with a principal amount of • [see Annex 1] each, as corresponds to 
his co-ownership share in this Global Bearer Certificate. Such demand shall be made by 
the co- owner through his depositary bank to Clearstream, stating to whom the Notes shall 
be delivered, respectively, the address to which the certificate evidencing the registration 
shall be mailed by the Registrar. 
In addition to the delivery, respectively, transfer fee determined by Clearstream pursuant 
to §315 of German Civil Code, the co-owner shall bear any expenses, taxes, fees or duties 
arising from such delivery resp. transfer and registration. 
The co-owners of this Global Bearer Certificate are not entitled to demand delivery of 
individual bearer certificates out of this Global Bearer Certificate. 
3 
As a rule, Clearstream shall convey to the co-owner, through his depositary bank and in 
proportion to his share in the Global Bearer Certificate, all rights arising from the Notes 
under the laws of England and Jersey, Channel Islands. 
Payments of capital, interests and/or other amounts due will be passed on by Clearstream 
to the co-owner. Furthermore, any terms and conditions announced by Clearstream shall 
apply. 
All payments to the co-owner shall be made in Euro, in accordance with the foreign 
exchange control regulations prevailing at the time, unless the co-owner has in time before 
the due date demanded payment in USD (United States Dollars). 
4 
As a rule, Clearstream shall not exercise voting rights arising in a noteholder meeting. On 
demand it shall cause a voting proxy to be issued to the co-owner or a third party indicated 
by him. 
The Company has undertaken to publish the agenda of any noteholder meeting as well 
as the conditions for participating in the meeting and exercising the voting rights before 
each meeting. 
5 
Should the issuance of the Global Bearer Certificate be subject at any time to any taxes, 
fees or duties in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, the co-
owners shall bear such taxes, fees or duties in proportion to their shares in the Global 
Bearer Certificate. 
Clearstream is entitled to divide among all co-owners in proportion to their co-ownership 
shares in the Global Bearer Certificate all taxes, fees and duties to which it may at any 
time be subject in the Federal Republic of Germany or in Jersey, Channel Islands, by the 
mere fact that it is holding the Notes. 
6 
If for any reason the Notes should be replaced by other notes or some other valuable, the 
co-owner’s right to the Notes shall convert into a right to the relevant substitutes. In such 
event these Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
7 
Clearstream is entitled to substitute another entity for Citibank N.A., London, England, 
(hereinafter referred to as “Custodian”) in its function as Custodian or Vidacos Nominees 
Limited, London, England, (hereinafter referred to as “Nominee”) in its function as 
Nominee. In such event, Clearstream shall not be responsible for more than careful 
selection. This does not affect Clearstream’s right to assume itself the functions of the 
Custodian or the Nominee. In the case where the Custodian or the Nominee are replaced, 
any reference to the Custodian or the Nominee in these Conditions shall be deemed to refer 
to the new Custodian or Nominee. 
8 
Should the Notes become good delivery on German stock exchanges in a way which 
would not require Clearstream’s assistance in the present form or should the admission 
of the Notes in the form of co-ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate to trading 
and official quotation on German stock exchanges be withdrawn, Clearstream shall 
request from the co-owners instructions as provided for in Clause 2. paragraph 1 above. 
Should such instructions not be given within 3 months from the publication of the relevant 
request, Clearstream shall be entitled at its discretion to arrange for registration of the 
Notes in the name of the co-owner or a third party designated in its request and to deposit 
the relevant Notes at the co-owner’s risk and expense with a depositary designated in its 
request. All obligations of Clearstream arising from the Global Bearer Certificate shall 
cease therewith. 
9 
All notices concerning the Global Bearer Certificate shall be published in at least one 
supraregional newspaper designated by the German stock exchanges to publish 
obligatory notices of each German stock exchange on which the Notes in form of co-
ownership shares in the Global Bearer Certificate are traded and officially quoted. 
10 
The co-owners shall bear proportionately any prejudice or damage, whether economic or 
legal, which may affect the Notes held as underlying stock for the Global Bearer Certificate 
in consequence of force majeure, governmental decrees, war, riots, official action at home 
or abroad or any other circumstances beyond Clearstream’s or the Custodian’s control. 
Clearstream shall perform all its obligations arising from the Global Bearer Certificate with 
the due care of a proper merchant. If by reason of force majeure, governmental decrees, 
war, riots, official action at home or abroad or by any other circumstances beyond its 
control it is prevented from performing its obligations, it shall not be responsible. 
The Custodian and the Nominee are responsible towards Clearstream for the due 
performance of their functions. Any claims against the Custodian or the Nominee shall be 
pursued by Clearstream on the co-owners’ behalf. Beyond that Clearstream shall only be 
responsible for careful selection of the Custodian and the Nominee. 
11 
Should any of these conditions be or become fully or partly invalid or impracticable, the 
other conditions shall remain unaffected. Any such invalid or impracticable condition shall 
be replaced in accordance with the intent and purpose of this contractual agreement. 
12 
All legal relations between the co-owner and Clearstream shall be governed by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany. The exclusive court of venue shall be Frankfurt am 
Main. 
13 
Except where required by law, an alteration of these Conditions shall be permitted only 
insofar as it does not impair the rights of the co-owners.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Annex 1 
Annex 1 may be amended from time to time if additional types of Notes are issued by WisdomTree 
Metal Securities Limited under its multi-type Programme. 
Type of Security 
Original ISIN 
LSE Code 
(of the Notes) 
Principal 
Amount 
(of the Notes) 
USD
 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
(formerly ETFS Physical Platinum) 
JE00B1VS2W53 
PHPT 
20,00
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
(formerly ETFS Physical Palladium) 
JE00B1VS3002 
PHPD 
5,00 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
(formerly ETFS Physical Silver) 
JE00B1VS3333 
PHAG 
2,00 
WisdomTree Physical Gold (formerly 
ETFS Physical Gold) 
JE00B1VS3770 
PHAU 
10,00 
WisdomTree Physical Precious 
Metals Basket (formerly ETFS 
Physical PM Basket) 
JE00B1VS3W29 
PHPM 
9,40 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
(formerly ETFS Physical Swiss 
Gold) 
 
JE00B8588CD74 
 
SGBS 
 
10,00 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the Metal Securities.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
A14.4.15 
A14.4.15 
PART 10 
TAXATION 
The summaries below are not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to 
the ownership of Metal Securities. Prospective security holders should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the consequences of their own particular situation. 
1 
TAXATION IN THE UK 
1.1 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of 
holding Metal Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs 
practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. The 
following paragraphs relate to Security Holders who are individuals (i.e. natural persons) 
acting in a private capacity and who are domiciled and resident in the UK for taxation 
purposes ("UK Individuals"), are within the charge to UK corporation tax and holding Metal 
Securities as an investment or which are UK open-ended investment companies or 
authorised unit trust schemes. Accordingly, these paragraphs do not apply to certain 
categories of Security Holders, such as dealers (whether in Bullion or Metal Securities). The 
statements in this summary are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Any person who is contemplating acquiring a Metal Security (whether 
or not pursuant to the Programme), particularly if that person is subject to taxation in any 
jurisdiction other than the UK, is strongly recommended to consult their professional advisers 
immediately. 
1.2 
The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it 
should not become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the 
Issuer does not carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK 
corporation tax purposes or through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would bring the 
Issuer within the charge to UK income tax, the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation tax or 
income tax on income and capital gains arising to it. The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer 
are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, branch or agency will arise insofar as this 
is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the conditions necessary to prevent any such 
permanent establishment, branch or agency coming into being will at all times be satisfied. 
1.3 
Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Issuer to Security Holders in respect of the Metal Securities are required to 
be made under deduction or withholding for or on account of UK tax. 
1.4 
Corporation Tax on Income and Gains 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes as 
realising profits, gains or losses in respect of Metal Securities on a basis reflecting the treatment in its 
statutory accounts, calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice. These 
profits, gains or losses (which will include any profits, gains or losses on a disposal or redemption 
of Metal Securities and which may include fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains 
and losses) will be treated as income profit or losses for the purposes of a Security Holder’s 
corporation tax computation. 
1.5 
Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Subscriptions made before 1 December 2009 
Provided the Metal Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, 
any transfer or redemption of a Metal Security by a Security Holder who is a UK individual will be a 
disposal of that Metal Security for UK capital gains tax purposes which may, subject to any available 
exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable gain or allowable loss for those purposes.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
The Issuer has received a non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that, in its view, 
the Metal Securities are not deeply discounted securities. However, since this confirmation is 
addressed to the Issuer and is not binding on HM Revenue & Customs in its dealings with Security 
Holders, investors may wish to consult their own tax advisors in this respect. 
The tax treatment of subscriptions made prior to 1 December 2009 will not be affected by the 
amended definition of “offshore fund” discussed below. 
Subscriptions made on or after 1 December 2009 
The Issuer was not regarded as an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes for periods before 
1 December 2009. However, on 1 December 2009, a new definition of “offshore fund” took effect 
which resulted in the Issuer being treated as an “offshore fund”. Accordingly, subscriptions made on 
or after this date may be treated as investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes. 
If this is the case, and the Metal Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” and no 
other exemption applies, any gain accruing to an investor upon the sale, redemption or other 
disposal of Metal Securities acquired on or after 1 December 2009 will be taxed as income and not 
as a capital gain unless the Issuer achieves certification as a “reporting fund”. The Issuer has 
obtained notification from HM Revenue & Customs that all the Metal Securities have been accepted 
for entry into the “reporting fund” regime with effect from the accounting period which commenced 
1 January 2009. Whilst it is expected that certification as a "reporting fund" will be maintained for all 
periods, this cannot be guaranteed. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Issuer is required to report to investors 100 per cent. of 
the net income attributable to the relevant class of Metal Securities. It is not expected that any such 
reportable income will arise in respect of any of the Metal Securities. 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will be 
provided by the Issuer on the following website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7. 
under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab. 
1.6 
Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Metal Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, and do not 
qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any profit arising to a Security Holder 
who is a UK individual on transfer or redemption of a Metal Security will be subject to UK income 
tax and not to UK capital gains tax. As noted in “Capital Gains Tax (Individuals)” above, the Issuer 
has received a non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that the Metal Securities 
are not deeply discounted securities. 
1.7 
VAT 
The acquisition and transfer of Metal Securities by a Security Holder will be exempt from VAT. 
Where a Security Holder is entitled to redeem Metal Securities (which will be in very limited 
circumstances) no VAT should arise either, unless the Security Holder requires delivery outside the 
“black box”, in which event VAT may be chargeable. 
1.8 
UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally 
subject to UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.), they are exempt 
from tax on capital gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. 
No. 2006/964) (the “Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or losses 
accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on creditor 
loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect capital profits, gains or losses are those 
which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt with in the 
statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital gains/losses”) in accordance with the 
relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These provisions do not however apply to a qualified 
investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership condition. In addition, Part 
2B of the Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses (determined in accordance with UK 
generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to a UK open-ended investment 
company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of ownership condition, from

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
A14.4.15 
an "investment transaction" (which includes loan relationships and derivative contracts) as a non-
trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of the Regulations will determine 
whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Security Holder which is a UK open-ended 
investment company or authorised unit trust scheme in respect of Metal Securities will be exempt 
from tax. 
1.9 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (‘SDRT’) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, a Metal 
Security in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Metal Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the Register is not kept by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in the UK; and (iii) 
any instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in the UK, neither stamp duty nor 
SDRT will be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of a Metal Security. 
The redemption of a Metal Security will not give rise to stamp duty or SDRT. 
1.10 
Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Metal Security may form part of the value of the estate of a 
Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject to certain exemptions and 
reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of a Metal Security on a gift of that Metal Security by, 
or the death of, a Security Holder who is an individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to 
appropriate provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
1.11 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard and the Directive on Administrative Co-operation 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax authorities in 
participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange 
with other participating tax authorities in which the investors of the reporting financial institutions are 
tax resident on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due 
diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Security Holders may be required to 
provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject the Issuer to penalties and/or other 
sanctions under the implementing regulations in Jersey and/or an investor to liability for any 
resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Metal Securities. 
2 
TAXATION IN JERSEY 
2.1 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of 
holding Metal Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide, and should be 
treated with appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, possibly with 
retrospective effect. A prospective investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences 
relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of 
the Metal Securities and the receipt of payments thereon. 
2.2 
Income tax 
The Issuer will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (as 
amended) (the “Jersey Income Tax Law”) but (being neither a financial services company, a 
specified utility company, nor a large corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey 
and/or supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this 
Prospectus) will (except as noted below) be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0 per cent.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
Security Holders (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in 
respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of Metal Securities. Redemption 
payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account of 
Jersey tax. 
2.3 
Stamp Duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or 
capital transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, 
ownership, redemption, sale or other disposal of Metal Securities. In the event of the death of an 
individual sole holder of Metal Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the 
Metal Securities held, subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey 
probate or letters of administration which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with 
Metal Securities held by the deceased individual sole holder thereof. 
2.4 
Goods and services tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: 
(a) 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(b) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
2.5 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of 
legislation in the United States known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under 
FATCA, a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on payments of United States source income 
and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of property that could give rise to United States 
source income, unless the Issuer complies with requirements to report on an annual basis the identity 
of, and certain other information about, direct and indirect United States holders of Metal Securities 
issued by the Issuer to the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the relevant Jersey 
authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Metal Securities issued by the Issuer that 
fails to provide the required information to the Issuer may be subject to the 30 per cent. withholding 
tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to United States sources and the 
Issuer might be required to redeem any Metal Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the 
US in respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the 
Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2014. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of 
such withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy such 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on 
some or all Metal Securities issued by the Issuer may be materially and adversely affected. In 
certain circumstances, the Issuer may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Metal Securities held 
by one or more holders and/or may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Metal 
Securities. 
2.6 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address the issue of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and 
reducing cost for financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, 
reporting and exchange of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions 
will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on 
an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented 
the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting 
Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due 
diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey has committed to a common 
implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information in 2017 in respect of 
accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed to implement the new 
global standard. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor 
to liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Metal Securities. 
2.7 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to the 
Issuer, its assets and any investment of the Issuer may change during its life. In particular, both the 
level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base Erosion 
and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Issuer. Additionally, 
the interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Issuer, its assets and 
investors by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Issuer. Both could 
significantly affect returns to investors. 
3 
TAXATION IN IRELAND   
3.1 
General  
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership 
and disposition of Metal Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. This summary deals only with 
Metal Securities held beneficially as capital assets and does not address special classes of Security 
Holders such as dealers in securities or those holding Metal Securities as part of a trade or the Taxation 
consequences of physical delivery of bullion on redemption by certain classes of Security Holders. This 
summary is not exhaustive and Security Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with 
respect to the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on 
the assumption that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a 
trade in Ireland through a branch or agency or have any other connection with Ireland. The summary 
is based on current Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
3.2 
Irish Witholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Metal Securities except where such payment has an Irish source. The payment is only 
likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the payment constitutes yearly interest 
and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Metal Securities were 
secured on Irish situated assets which it is understood will not be the case. The mere offering of the 
Metal Securities to Irish investors will not cause such a payment to have an Irish source. In certain 
circumstances collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Metal Securities in Ireland 
on behalf of a Security Holder, will be obliged to operate a withholding tax. 
3.3 
Taxation of Income  
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security 
Holder holding Metal Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on the 
amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on redemption, received 
from the Issuer. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax at rates of up to 40 per cent. and 
would also potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the universal social charge. 
Corporate Security Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25 per cent. of the amount of interest 
received from the Issuer. Credit against Irish tax on the interest received may be available in respect 
of any foreign withholding tax deducted by the Issuer. 
3.4 
Taxation of Capital Gains  
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding Metal 
Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable to Irish tax on capital gains on

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
any gains arising on a disposal of Metal Securities currently at a 33 per cent. rate. Reliefs and 
allowances may be available in computing the Security Holder’s liability.   
3.5 
Stamp Duty  
Transfers of Metal Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers do not 
relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company. 
3.6 
Capital Acquisitions Tax  
A gift or inheritance comprising of Metal Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if 
either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his 
residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Metal Securities are regarded as property situated 
in Ireland. The Metal Securities could only be considered property situated in Ireland if the register of 
Metal Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the extent that certificates are issued in bearer 
form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This tax is charged at a rate of 33 per cent. on gifts 
and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the relationship between the disponer 
and the donee/successor and previous gifts and inheritances.   
3.7 
Offshore Fund taxation  
While a holding of Metal Securities could potentially be treated as a material interest in an offshore fund 
and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds, the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners guidance indicates that exchange traded commodities are generally structured as debt 
instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds but instead will come within general 
tax principles (as to which we refer to paragraphs  3.3 and 3.4 above). As recommended above, 
Security Holders should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the tax implications of holding and 
disposing of Metal Securities. 
3.8 
Provision of Information 
3.8.1 
Generally 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Metal Securities is paid 
to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the relevant person may be required 
to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating to 
the Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by them to the tax authorities of the 
jurisdiction in which the Security Holder is resident for taxation purposes.  
3.8.2      Common Reporting Standard (CRS)  
The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial 
account information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account holders tax 
resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. The OECD used 
FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the CRS is broadly similar to FATCA 
requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly higher number of reportable 
persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope accounts and the inclusion of multiple 
jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported. Regulations give effect to the OECD’s Standard for 
the Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters and Directive 2014/107/EU 
in Ireland from 1 January 2016. To the extent that the Issuer is required to comply with the CRS due 
diligence and reporting requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide 
additional information to the Issuer which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with 
their counterparts in Ireland.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
A9.4.1 
A9.4.3 
A9.4.4 
A9.4.5 
A9.4.6 
A9.8.4 
A14.4.11 
PART 11 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
1 
INCORPORATION AND SHARE CAPITAL OF ISSUER 
1.1 
The Issuer was incorporated as a private limited company in Jersey on 22 February 2007 under the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) (the “Law”) and changed status to a public company 
on 30 March 2007 pursuant to a written resolution dated 30 March 2007. The name of the Issuer 
was changed to “WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited” on 26 September 2019. The Issuer 
operates under the Law and secondary legislation made thereunder. The Issuer is registered in 
Jersey under number 95996. 
1.2 
The Issuer is authorised to issue an unlimited number of no par value shares of one class designated 
as Ordinary Shares of which two Ordinary Shares of no par value have been issued for a 
consideration of £1.00 each. 
1.3 
The Issuer does not have any subsidiary undertakings. 
1.4 
All of the Issuer’s issued ordinary shares are owned by HoldCo. 
2 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The following contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) have 
been entered into by the Issuer and are or may be material or have been entered into at any time by 
the Issuer and (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) contain 
provisions under which the Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which is or may be material to 
the Issuer as at the date of this document: 
2.1 
the Trust Instrument dated 18 April 2007, as amended by supplemental trust instruments thereto, a 
summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions); 
2.2 
the following Security Deeds, a summary of the principal terms of which are set out in Part 7 
(Particulars of Security Deeds): 
2.2.1 
the Platinum Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment 
dated 11 December 2009; 
2.2.2 
the Palladium Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment 
dated 11 December 2009; 
2.2.3 
the Silver Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 
11 December 2009; 
2.2.4 
the Gold Security Deed dated 18 April 2007 as amended by a deed of amendment dated 11 
December 2009;  
2.2.5 
the Swiss Gold Security Deed dated 11 December 2009; and 
2.2.6 
the Core Physical Gold Security Deed dated 20 November 2020; 
2.3 
the Initial Secured Allocated Account Agreement and the Initial Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement, each dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer, the Trustee and the Initial Custodian, as 
amended and restated on 15 April 2008, as further amended on 27 October 2009 and on 11 
December 2009, as further amended and restated on 13 August 2014 and novated on 14 August 
2014, and as further amended and restated, in the case of the Initial Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement, on 20 November 2020, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 
(Custody, the Custodian Agreements and the Metal Agent Agreement); 
2.4 
the Initial Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement, dated 18 April 2007 between the Issuer and 
the Initial Custodian, as amended and restated on 15 April 2008, as further amended on 27 October 
2009 and on 11 December 2009, as further amended and restated on 13 August 2014 and novated 
on 14 August 2014, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody, the 
Custodian Agreements and the Metal Agent Agreement);

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
2.5 
the Swiss Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated 
Account Agreement and the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement each dated 
11 December 2009 as amended, in the case of Swiss  Gold  Secured  Unallocated  Account  
Agreement, by an amendment deed dated 28 December 2017 and, in the cases of both agreements, 
an Amendment Agreement dated 28 September 2020, each between the Issuer and the Swiss Gold 
Custodian and, save in the case of the Swiss Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement, the 
Trustee, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian 
Agreements and the Metal Agent Agreement); 
2.6 
the Core Physical Gold Secured Allocated Account Agreement, the Core Physical Gold Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement and the Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account 
Agreement each dated 20 November 2020, each between the Issuer and the Initial Custodian and, 
save in the case of the Core Physical Gold Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement, the Trustee, 
a summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Part 8 (Custody, the Custodian Agreements 
and the Metal Agent Agreement); 
2.7 
the Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement dated 18 April 2007 (as novated on 14 August 2014) 
between the Issuer, the Trustee and HSBC Bank plc. as the metal sale counterparty under which, for 
the purposes of effecting Metal Sales in relation to the Redemption of Initial Metal Securities, the 
Initial Metal Sales Counterparty agrees, at the request of the Trustee, to purchase such amount of 
Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Metal Securities as 
the Trustee may specify on any Business Day at the Fixing Price in US dollars determined in the 
London AM Fix on that Business Day for standard settlement in the Relevant Market and to pay an 
amount equal to the product of such Fixing Price and the amount of Bullion so specified by the 
Trustee to such account or accounts as the Trustee may nominate for value on the standard 
Settlement Date. The Initial Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate automatically if the 
Initial Secured Unallocated Account Agreement is terminated; 
2.8 
the Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement dated 11 December 2009 between the Issuer, the 
Trustee and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the metal sale counterparty under which, for the 
purposes of effecting Metal Sales in relation to the Redemption of Swiss Gold Metal Securities, the 
Swiss Gold Metal Sales Counterparty agrees, at the request of the Trustee, to purchase such 
amount of Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Metal 
Securities as the Trustee may specify on any Business Day at the Fixing Price in US dollars 
determined in the London AM Fix on that Business Day for standard settlement in the Relevant 
Market and to pay an amount equal to the product of such Fixing Price and the amount of Bullion so 
specified by the Trustee to such account or accounts as the Trustee may nominate for value on the 
standard Settlement Date. The Swiss Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate 
automatically if the Swiss Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement is terminated; 
2.9 
the Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement dated 20 November 2020 between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and HSBC Bank plc. as the metal sale counterparty under which, for the purposes 
of effecting Metal Sales in relation to the Redemption of Core Physical Gold Metal Securities, the 
Initial Metal Sales Counterparty agrees, at the request of the Trustee, to purchase such amount of 
Bullion attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property in respect of such Core Physical Gold 
Metal Securities as the Trustee may specify on any Business Day at the Fixing Price in US dollars 
determined in the London AM Fix on that Business Day for standard settlement in the Relevant 
Market and to pay an amount equal to the product of such Fixing Price and the amount of Bullion 
so specified by the Trustee to such account or accounts as the Trustee may nominate for value on the 
standard Settlement Date. The Core Physical Gold Metal Sale Counterparty Agreement will 
terminate automatically if the Core Physical Gold Secured Unallocated Account Agreement is 
terminated; 
2.10 
the following Authorised Participant Agreements, a summary of the principal terms of which is set 
out in paragraph 3 below: 
2.10.1 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and ABN AMRO Clearing 
Bank N.V. dated 18 April 2007; 
2.10.2 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Bluefin Europe LLP 
dated 23 June 2017

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
A19.3.7C 
2.10.3 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited dated 18 December 2018 
2.10.4 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Commerzbank AG 
dated 29 October 2008; 
2.10.5 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Goldman Sachs 
International dated 3 March 2008, as amended; 
2.10.6 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and HSBC Bank plc 
dated 18 April 2007; 
2.10.7 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and IMC Trading B.V. 
dated 2 November 2018 
2.10.8 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Jane Street 
Financial Limited dated 2 April 2013; 
2.10.9 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and J.P. Morgan 
Securities Ltd dated 27 January 2010; 
2.10.10 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Merrill Lynch 
International dated 12 October 2010; 
2.10.11 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc dated 18 April 2007; 
2.10.12 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Optiver VOF dated 8 
December 2016; 
2.10.13 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Société Générale 
dated 25 October 2013; 
2.10.14 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Susquehanna Pacific 
Pty Limited dated 12 August 2009; 
2.10.15 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Susquehanna 
International Securities Limited dated 28 July 2009; 
2.10.16 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and UniCredit Bank AG 
dated 23 April 2008; and 
2.10.17 an Authorised Participant Agreement between ManJer, the Issuer and Virtu Financial 
Ireland Limited dated 24 August 2012. 
In addition, the following Authorised Participant Agreements have been entered into. As at the date 
of this prospectus, the Issuer and ETFSL are seeking the novation of the following Authorised 
Participant Agreement to transfer the rights and obligations of ETFSL thereunder to ManJer: 
(i) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ETFSL and Credit Suisse 
International dated 15 October 2009; 
(ii) an Authorised Participant Agreement between the Issuer, ETFSL and Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch dated 16 November 2012; 
2.11 
the Service Agreement dated 31 December 2012 whereby ManJer is responsible for supplying or 
procuring the supply of all management and administration services for the Issuer and for paying all 
the management and administration costs of the Issuer (including the fees and expenses of the 
Registrar and any administrator and the fees and expenses of the Trustee in relation to its role under 
the Trust Instrument) and the Issuer agrees to pay to ManJer the Management Fee and a processing 
fee representing the Application Fees and Redemption Fees which the Issuer has received 
(including by way of set-off). ManJer may delegate to other entities certain of its duties and functions 
under the Service Agreement; 
2.12 
the Administration Agreement dated 31 December 2013 whereby R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative, company

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
secretarial and registrar services to the Issuer as set out in Schedule 1 of the Administration 
Agreement and for which the Issuer agrees to pay R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited a fee. R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited may delegate in whole or in part the discharge of any of its duties 
or functions and the exercise of any powers and discretion under the Administration Agreement. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is not liable to the Issuer for any error of judgement or for any 
loss suffered by the Issuer in connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement unless 
such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, wilful default or negligence in the performance or non-
performance by R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or persons designated by it of its obligations 
or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any loss, delay, mis-
delivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as a result of acting 
upon any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Issuer; 
2.13 
the Registrar Agreement dated 31 December 2012 whereby the Registrar is responsible for 
supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, including the provision of a 
registration and transfer office, to the Issuer as set out in schedule 1 of the Registrar Agreement 
and for which the Issuer agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may delegate certain of its 
duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Issuer for any direct damages, 
loss, costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Issuer or in respect of any matter relating to 
the Registers as a result of loss, delay, misdelivery, or error in transmission of any cable, telex, 
telefax or telegraphic communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall alter be 
proved to be forged or otherwise defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred as 
a result of the fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar). 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Issuer in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense 
(including legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of the discharge of 
its duties and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim, cost, 
expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or 
negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Issuer over any 12 month period, howsoever any such 
liability arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees payable 
by the Issuer to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Issuer as a result of 
the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST 
Services (as defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited as a result of any 
timetable changes in connections with the provision of the CREST Services by Euroclear UK & 
Ireland Limited. The Registrar is not liable to the Issuer for any Loss suffered of incurred by the Issuer 
as a result of any acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonable considers are 
required in order for it to comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar 
Agreement); and 
2.14 
The Metal Agent Agreement dated 20 November 2020 between the Issuer and Metalor Technologies 
S.A. whereby Metalor Technologies S.A. (or any successor thereto) is engaged by the Issuer to 
facilitate physical delivery of the relevant Bullion pursuant to a Redemption (whether at the option 
of the Security Holder or by Compulsory Redemption) of WisdomTree Physical Swiss Gold 
Securities and WisdomTree Core Physical Gold Securities to a Physical Security Holder Bank. 
3 
AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT AGREEMENTS 
3.1 
The Authorised Participants at the date of this document are the persons who have entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer as described in paragraph 2.10 above. 
3.2 
The Issuer hopes to sign Authorised Participant Agreements with other Authorised Participants 
and/or market-makers in due course, which may include commitments to make markets on varying 
terms and which may include commitments to maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot 
sizes. 
3.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the existing Authorised Participant Agreements referred to in paragraph 
2.6 above, each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
3.3.1 
in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Directive (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including 
the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State 
(the “Relevant Implementation Date”), it has not made and will not make an offer of Metal 
Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from 
and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of Metal Securities to the 
public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those 
Metal Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus Directive or, where 
appropriate, published in another member state and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with Article 18 of the 
Prospectus Directive and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of 
such publication; 
(b) 
at any time to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the 
financial markets or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is 
solely to invest in securities; 
(c) 
at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least 250 
employees during the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than 
€43,000,000, and (3) an annual turnover of more than €50,000,000, as shown in its 
last annual or consolidated accounts; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the 
Issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Metal Securities to the public” 
in relation to any Metal Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Metal Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Metal Securities, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Member State and the expression Prospectus 
Directive means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in 
each Relevant Member State; 
3.3.2 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Metal Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer; 
3.3.3 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA and the United 
Kingdom financial services regime (including, without limitation, the obligation to treat 
customers fairly) with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Metal Securities in, 
from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
3.3.4 
neither it nor any of its Affiliates (including any person acting on behalf of it or any of its 
Affiliates): 
(a) 
has knowingly offered or sold or will knowingly offer or sell, except in a transaction 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to a Qualified 
Purchaser, Metal Securities within the United States or to US Persons, whether 
before, on or after the relevant Application date; or 
(b) 
has engaged or will engage in any “directed selling efforts” with respect to Metal 
Securities. 
In relation to paragraph 3.3.1 above, Article 46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation provides that 
references to the Prospectus Directive should be construed as references to the Prospectus 
Regulation and specific provisions in the Prospectus Directive to equivalent provisions in the 
Prospectus Regulation. While the interpretation of Article 46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation has 
yet to be formally tested, the Issuer considers that the undertakings described in paragraph 3.3.1

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
A19.1.3C 
A14.4.5C 
A14.4.1(a)B 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A14.4.5C 
above should be construed in accordance with Article 46(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Issuer intends to seek the agreement of the existing Authorised Participants to update these 
references in due course, and to ensure that any new Authorised Participant Agreements reference 
the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Metal Securities and on the distribution of this Prospectus 
are set out in paragraph 9 of this Part 11 (Additional Information). 
4 
ISINS AND PRINCIPAL AMOUNTS OF THE METAL SECURITIES 
Six classes of Individual Securities and one category of Basket Securities are described in this Prospectus. 
The ISINs and Principal Amounts of the Metal Securities are as follows: 
Class of Metal Securities 
ISIN 
Principal Amount 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
JE00B1VS2W53 
US$20.00 
WisdomTree 
Physical 
Palladium 
JE00B1VS3002  
US$5.00 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
JE00B1VS3333 
US$2.00 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
JE00B1VS3770 
US$10.00 
WisdomTree Physical 
Precious Metals Basket 
JE00B1VS3W29 
US$9.40 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold 
JE00B5880074 
US$10.00 
WisdomTree Core Physical 
Gold 
JE00BN2CJ301 
US$15.00 
As referred to in Part 4 (Description of Metal Securities) and Condition 14 (Further Securities; Other Pools; 
Consolidation and Division), the Issuer has the right under the Trust Instrument at any time to consolidate 
or divide all of the Metal Securities into Metal Securities of the same type but with a proportionately larger 
or smaller Principal Amount and Metal Entitlement. Consolidated or divided Metal Securities may also be 
issued under this Prospectus and, to the extent that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such 
consolidated or divided Metal Securities, such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and 
Principal Amount thereof) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus 
supplemental hereto.  
5 
SOURCES  
The statements under the heading “Platinum Group Metals — Platinum” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market 
Overview) have been sourced from Metals Focus August 20210 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Platinum Group Metals — Platinum” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market 
Overview) have been sourced from Metals Focus August 2021 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Platinum Group Metals — Palladium” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market 
Overview) have been sourced from Metals Focus September 2020 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Platinum Group Metals — Palladium” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market 
Overview) has been sourced from Metals Focus August 2021Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Silver” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market Overview) have been sourced 
from Metals Focus September 2021 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Silver” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market Overview) has been sourced from the 
Metals Focus September 2021 Forecasts. 
The statements under the heading “Gold” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market Overview) have been sourced 
from Metal Focus August 2021 Forecasts. 
The table under the heading “Gold” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market Overview) has been sourced from 
Metals Focus August 2021 Forecasts.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
A9.1.4 
A14.1.4 
A9.2.1 
A9.8.2.2 
A9.8.3 
A9.8.3 
A14.6.1(a)B 
The statements under the heading “The Precious Metals Market — Good Delivery” in Part 3 (Precious 
Metals Market Overview) have been sourced from the London Platinum Palladium Market (LPPM) and 
London Bullion Market Association’s (LBMA) Good Delivery Rules. 
The table under the heading “The Precious Metals Market — Good Delivery” in Part 3 (Precious Metals 
Market Overview) has been created from the London Platinum Palladium Market (LPPM) and London 
Bullion Market Association’s (LBMA) Good Delivery Rules. 
The data used to create the charts under the heading “Historic Precious Metal Prices” in Part 3 (Precious 
Metals Market Overview) has been sourced from Bloomberg LP. 
The data used to create the chart under the heading “Correlation of Precious Metals with Other Asset 
Classes — Five Year Correlations” in Part 3 (Precious Metals Market Overview) has been sourced from 
Bloomberg LP. 
The information referred to in this paragraph 5 above has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the referenced third party source, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
6 
GENERAL 
6.1 
The Issuer’s auditors since 3 December 2019 are Ernst & Young LLP of Liberation House, Castle 
Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. The Company's auditors were previously KPMG 
Channel Islands Limited of 37 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands JE4 8WQ, who audited 
the Company's annual accounts in accordance with national law from 4 December 2015 to 3 
December 2020. The annual reports of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2018 as published 
by the Issuer through the Regulatory News Services of the London Stock Exchange on 13 March 
2019 and for the year ended 31 December 2020 as published by the Issuer through the Regulatory 
News Services of the London Stock Exchange on 15 May 2020 and 13 April 2021 are incorporated 
in 
this 
document 
by 
reference 
and 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree 
Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the annual reports are entitled ‘WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Ltd – Annual Account 20197’ and ‘WisdomTree Metal Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2019) and 
‘WisdomTree Metal Securities Ltd – Annual Account 2020) and at the registered office of the Issuer as 
set out in paragraph 7 of this Part 11 (Additional Information) under the heading “Director, Secretary 
and Advisers” above. The financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards. Half-yearly unaudited accounts will generally be 
published within four months of the mid-year end, currently 30 June in each year. The  half-yearly  
unaudited  accounts  will  be  made  available  on  the  Issuer’s  website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab- 2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree 
Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the half-yearly unaudited accounts are entitled ‘WisdomTree 
Metal Securities Limited – Interim Account’). 
6.2 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020. 
6.3 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability. 
6.4 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Metal Securities issued and to be issued within 
12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated 
market. The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be 
aware that there is no trading facility for Metal Securities there.   
All Metal Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to the UK Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Applications have been 
made to the FCA for all Individual Securities and Basket Securities issued within 12 months of the

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
A14.6.2C 
A19.4.1C 
A17.3.1C 
A19.2.1A 
A9.9.1 
date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for 
all such Metal Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market. 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
6.5 
The Initial Metal Securities have been admitted to listing on the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) since 8 May 2007, NYSE Euronext Paris since 9 May 2007, Euronext Amsterdam 
since 9 May 2007, the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A since 20 June 2007 and the Tokyo 
Stock Exchange since 24 August 2009. 
The Swiss Gold Metal Securities have been listed on the Regulated Market (General Standard) 
(Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) since 2010, on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. since 14 May 2012 and on Euronext Amsterdam since 14 June 2017. 
No application has been or is currently being made for the Metal Securities to be admitted to listing 
or trading on any other exchange or market but the Issuer may cause such application to be made 
in respect of the Metal Securities of any or all types on any such exchanges or markets in its 
discretion. 
6.6 
The Issuer intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Transparency Directive, the 
Transparency Rules and the Listing Rules. Each Business Day the Issuer will publish the Metal 
Entitlement of each class of Metal Securities on the Issuer’s Website as described under the 
heading “Metal Entitlement — Publication of Metal Entitlement” in Part 4 (Description of Metal 
Securities). Save as aforesaid the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
6.7 
The Issuer’s financial statements will be presented in US dollars. The value of any assets and 
liabilities denominated in currencies other than US dollars will be converted into US dollars at rates 
quoted by independent sources. The valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer attributable to 
any Pool will be determined under the supervision of the Board. The Secured Metal Accounts and 
the Bullion held in such accounts will constitute an asset of the Issuer. For the purposes of the 
valuation of the Issuer’s assets, the Bullion held in the Secured Metal Accounts will be valued at the 
London AM Fix as at the date of valuation. 
6.8 
The securitised assets backing the issue, being the Bullion to be held in the Secured Metal Accounts 
has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and 
payable on the Metal Securities. 
7 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Metal Securities remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will be available for inspection by holders of Metal Securities during normal business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the 
Issuer in printed form: 
7.1 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
7.2 
the Trust Instrument; 
7.3 
the Security Deeds; 
7.4 
the Service Agreement; 
7.5 
the Authorised Participant Agreements; 
7.6 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer; and 
7.7 
the Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree Management Jersey 
Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
The 
documents 
listed 
at 
7.1 
and 
7.6 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
Website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 under the ‘Regulatory Reports - WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax 
Information’ tab. 
The documents listed at 7.2-7.5 are available at the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-778F-4B7F-A4D5-
D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Documents for Inspection’ tab. 
The document listed at 7.7 is available at the Issuer’s Website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-27C0C942-66BE-4BF3-89F6-
FAB9C3EDC4E3 under the ‘Prospectus - Jersey Issuers’ tab. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages 
referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or 
the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
8 
JERSEY LAW CONSENTS 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Issuer has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law, 1988, as 
amended, (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Metal Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Metal Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the 
Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
9 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Metal Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following restrictions on offer 
and sales apply. 
9.1 
European Union 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date 
on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant 
Implementation Date”) no offer of Metal Securities may be made to the public in that Relevant 
Member State, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, an 
offer of Metal Securities may be made in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  
provided that no such offer of Metal Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Metal Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Metal Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Metal Securities

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe forMetal Securities , as 
the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) and includes any relevant 
implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. 
9.2 
United Kingdom 
No offer of Metal Securities may be made to the public in the United Kingdom, save that an offer of 
Metal Securitiesmay be made in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Metal Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Metal Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Metal Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Metal Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe forMetal Securities , as the same may be varied in 
the United Kingdom by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in the United 
Kingdom and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and 
amendments thereto) as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and includes any relevant implementing measure in the United Kingdom. 
In addition, no invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Metal Securities may be 
communicated or caused to be communicated by any person except in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer. 
9.3 
United States 
The Issuer has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Issuer will 
not be required to register the offer and sale of Metal Securities under the Securities Act, so that 
the Issuer will not have an obligation to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act and related rules and to address certain considerations under the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, (the “Code”) and other considerations. 
Metal Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable law of the United States. Metal Securities are being offered and sold only outside the 
United States to non-United States persons in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or in transactions otherwise exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
In addition the Issuer has not been and does not intend to become registered as an investment 
company under the Investment Company Act and related rules. Metal Securities and any beneficial 
interest therein may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United States or 
to US Persons other than Qualified Purchasers. If the Issuer determines that any Security Holder is a 
Prohibited US Person (being a US Person who is not a “qualified purchaser” as defined in the 
Investment Company Act), the Issuer may redeem the Metal Securities held by that Security Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.3 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) set out in Part 
6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions). 
The Metal Securities may not be purchased with plan assets of any “employee benefit plan” within the 
meaning of section 3(3) of ERISA, subject to Part 4. Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, any “plan” to

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
A22.1.1A 
A22.1.2A 
A22.1.4A 
A22.1.6A 
A22.2B.1A 
A22.1.3C 
A22.2A.2A 
which section 4975 of the Code applies (collectively, “Plans”), any entity whose underlying assets 
include “plan assets” of any of the foregoing Plans within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-
101 or section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be modified, by reason of a Plan’s investment in such 
entity, any governmental or church plan that is subject to any United States Federal, state or local 
law that is similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (any 
such employee benefit plan, plan or entity, a “Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor”). If the Issuer 
determines that any Security Holder is a Prohibited Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer may redeem 
the Metal Securities held by that Security Holder in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.3 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause) set out in Part 6 (Trust Instrument and the Conditions). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Metal Securities and on the distribution of this Prospectus are set 
out in paragraph 3 of this Part 11 (Additional Information). 
10 
CONSENT TO USE OF PROSPECTUS BY FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES IN CERTAIN 
MEMBER STATES AND THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content of 
this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Metal 
Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Poland by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm 
within the meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. 
The Issuer has also consented to the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom and has accepted 
responsibility for the content of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by 
way of public offer of the Metal Securities in the United Kingdom by any financial intermediary which is an 
investment firm within the meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Such consent 
applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during period of 12 months from the 
date of this Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the 
Issuer’s website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state on 
its website that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final 
placement by way of public offer of the Metal Securities, such financial intermediary may not reuse this 
Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions identified in the Final Terms, 
provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. The financial 
intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell Metal Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Metal Securities may be offered 
and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally eligible to participate in a public 
offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and regulations. 
Any new information with respect to financial intermediaries’ ability to use this Prospectus will be published 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. 
11 
DATA PROTECTION 
Privacy notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Issuer at https://www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred or 
otherwise processed is available on the website of the Issuer. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Metal Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the Issuer in compliance with 
the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Issuer shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Issuer and/or the Issuer's service providers for the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Issuer and any service provider to the Issuer in relation to antimony 
laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Issuer or any service 
provider to the Issuer in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to compliance 
with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting standard or any 
legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to implement a similar tax 
reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Metal Securities 
and/or the management and operation of the Issuer. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Issuer or the Issuer's service providers to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to provide 
services for the purpose of operating the Issuer or in connection with the issuance, transfer, 
redemption and registration of Metal Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which do 
not offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Issuer will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data is 
disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Issuer and/or its 
service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such data 
as described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred to above. 
GDPR representative 
The Issuer has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to Article 
27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in the UK 
pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES (GERMANY) 
INHABER-SAMMELZERTIFIKAT 
für  
[siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities / Kategorie der Basket- 
Securities]  
Namensschuldverschreibungen  
der  
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited  
Ordnance House, 31 Pier Rd, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW  
eingeteilt in Teilschuldverschreibungen im Nennbetrag von je • [siehe  
Anhang 1]  
Für dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat hält die Clearstream Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft mit Sitz in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik eutschland (im 
Folgenden “Clearstream” genannt), als Deckung • [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der 
Individual-Securities / Kategorie der Basket-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen (im Folgenden “Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) 
der WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, Channel Islands (im Folgenden 
“Gesellschaft” genannt). Die durch den Treuhandvertrag vom 18. April 2007 
zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in 
seiner jeweils geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im Folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) 
begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im Treuhandvertrag näher 
dargelegt, besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit einem 
Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1], eingeteilt. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
auf Vidacos Nominees Limited, London, England, eingetragen und in einem bei der 
Citibank N.A., London, England, unterhaltenen Sonderdepot verwahrt. Jeder 
Miteigentümer dieses Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von [Klasse der Individual-Securities / Kategorie der 
Basket-Securities] Schuldverschreibungen der Gesellschaft auf seinen Namen oder 
den Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche 
Schuldverschreibungsregister der WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, 
Channel Islands, zu verlangen.  
Im übrigen gelten die diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat beigefügten 
Zertifikatsbedingungen, die Bestandteil dieser Urkunde sind.  
Frankfurt am Main, den ...  
CLEARSTREAM BANKING  
Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
TEXT OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL BEARER CERTIFICATES (GERMANY) 
Zertifikatsbedingungen 
 
1 
Dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat trägt die Unterschriften zweier Vorstandsmitglieder oder 
eines 
Vorstandsmitgliedes 
und 
eines 
Prokuristen 
der 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, (im Folgenden 
“Clearstream” genannt).  
 
2 
Jeder Miteigentümer dieses Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats ist berechtigt, jederzeit von der 
Clearstream die Auslieferung und Registrierung einer seinem Miteigentumsanteil 
entsprechenden Stückzahl von • [siehe Anhang 1] [Klasse der Individual-Securities / 
Kategorie 
der 
Basket-Securities] 
Namensschuldverschreibungen 
(im 
Folgenden 
“Schuldverschreibungen” genannt) der WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, Jersey, 
Channel Islands, (im Folgenden “Gesellschaft” genannt) auf seinen Namen oder den 
Namen eines von ihm benannten Dritten in das maßgebliche Schuldverschreibungsregister 
zu verlangen. Die durch den Treuhandvertrag zwischen der Gesellschaft und der The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. in seiner jeweils geänderten/ergänzten Fassung (im 
Folgenden “Treuhandvertrag”) begründeten Schuldverschreibungen sind, wie im 
Treuhandvertrag näher dargelegt, besichert und in Namensteilschuldverschreibungen mit 
einem Nennbetrag von je • [siehe Anhang 1] eingeteilt. Einen entsprechenden Auftrag hat 
der Miteigentümer der Clearstream über seine Depotbank zu erteilen, wobei die 
Lieferadresse bzw. die Adresse, an welche die Urkunde bezüglich der Eintragung in das 
Schuldverschreibungsregister durch den Registrar versandt werden soll, angegeben sein 
muss.  
 
Außer der von der Clearstream im Rahmen des § 315 des Bürgerlichen Gesetzbuches 
bestimmten Gebühr für die Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung hat der Miteigentümer etwaige 
mit der Auslieferung bzw. Übertragung und Umschreibung entstehende sonstige Kosten, 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben zu tragen.  
 
Die Auslieferung von Einzelstücken aus diesem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat kann von den 
Miteigentümern nicht verlangt werden.  
 
3 
Die Clearstream vermittelt dem Miteigentümer über dessen Depotbank nach Maßgabe 
seines Anteils am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat grundsätzlich alle Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, soweit sie ihr nach Maßgabe des englischen Rechts bzw. des 
Rechts von Jersey, Channel Islands, zustehen.  
 
Zinsen, Ausschüttungen, Kapital und etwaige sonstige Barzahlungen leitet die Clearstream 
an den Miteigentümer weiter.  
 
Im übrigen gelten die von der Clearstream gegebenenfalls bekanntzugebenden Fristen und 
Bedingungen.  
 
Sämtliche Zahlungen an den Miteigentümer erfolgen nach Maßgabe der jeweils geltenden 
Devisenvorschriften in Euro, es sei denn, dass der Miteigentümer rechtzeitig vor Fälligkeit 
Zahlung in USD (United States Dollars) verlangt hat.  
 
4 
Ein etwaiges Stimmrecht anläßlich einer Gläubigerversammlung wird die Clearstream 
grundsätzlich nicht ausüben. Sie wird dem Miteigentümer oder einem von diesem 
benannten Dritten auf Verlangen eine Vollmacht zur Ausübung des Stimmrechts erteilen 
lassen.  
 
Die Gesellschaft hat sich verpflichtet, die Tagesordnung von Gläubigerversammlungen 
sowie die Voraussetzungen zur Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und zur 
Ausübung 
des 
Stimmrechts 
im 
Vorfeld 
einer 
solchen 
Gläubigerversammlung 
bekanntzugeben.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
5 
Sollte die Ausgabe des Inhaber-Sammelzertifikats zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, irgendwelchen Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegen, so haben die Miteigentümer diese Steuern, Gebühren 
oder Abgaben nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat zu tragen.  
   
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben, denen sie zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder auf Jersey, Channel Islands, allein auf 
Grund der Tatsache unterworfen wird, daß sie die Schuldverschreibungen hält, auf alle 
Miteigentümer nach Maßgabe ihrer Anteile am Inhaber- Sammelzertifikat umzulegen.6. 
Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß.  
 
6 
Treten aus irgendeinem Grunde an die Stelle der Schuldverschreibungen andere 
Schuldverschreibungen oder ein sonstiger Vermögenswert, so wandelt sich das Recht der 
Miteigentümer auf die Schuldverschreibungen in ein Recht auf den Ersatzgegenstand. Die 
Zertifikatsbedingungen gelten dann sinngemäß.  
 
7 
Die Clearstream ist berechtigt, die Citibank N.A., London, England, (im Folgenden 
“Verwahrer” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Verwahrer oder die Vidacos Nominees Limited, 
London, England, (im Folgenden “Nominee” genannt) in ihrer Funktion als Nominee durch 
eine andere Person zu ersetzen. Die Haftung der Clearstream beschränkt sich hierbei auf 
die sorgfältige Auswahl. Unberührt bleibt die Befugnis der Clearstream, die Funktion des 
Verwahrers oder des Nominees selbst wahrzunehmen. Im Fall der Ersetzung des 
Verwahrers oder des Nominees gelten alle Bezugnahmen auf den Verwahrer bzw. den 
Nominee in diesen Bedingungen als Bezugnahmen auf den neuen Verwahrer bzw. 
Nominee.  
 
8 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen in einer die Mitwirkung der Clearstream in dieser Form 
nicht mehr erfordernden Weise an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen lieferbar oder wird die 
Zulassung der Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am Inhaber-
Sammelzertifikat zum Handel und zur amtlichen Notierung an deutschen Wertpapierbörsen 
zurückgenommen, so wird die Clearstream die Miteigentümer auffordern, ihr einen Auftrag 
gemäß Ziffer 2. Abs. 1 zu erteilen. Wird dieser Auftrag nicht innerhalb einer Frist von 3 
Monaten seit Veröffentlichung der Aufforderung erteilt, so ist die Clearstream nach ihrem 
Ermessen berechtigt, die Eintragung der Schuldverschreibungen auf den Namen des 
Miteigentümers oder eines in der Aufforderung benannten Dritten zu veranlassen und die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei einer in der Aufforderung angegebenen Stelle für den 
Miteigentümer auf dessen Kosten und Gefahr zu hinterlegen. Damit erlöschen die Pflichten 
der Clearstream aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat.  
 
9 
Alle das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat betreffenden Bekanntmachungen werden in mindestens 
je einem überregionalen Börsenpflichtblatt der deutschen Wertpapierbörsen veröffentlicht 
werden, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen in Form von Miteigentumsanteilen am 
Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat gehandelt und amtlich notiert werden.  
 
10 
Die Miteigentümer tragen anteilig alle wirtschaftlichen und rechtlichen Nachteile und 
Schäden, die den für das Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat als Deckung gehaltenen Bestand an 
Schuldverschreibungen infolge höherer Gewalt, Regierungserlassen, Krieg, Aufruhr, 
Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder anderer Umstände treffen sollten, 
die die Clearstream oder der Verwahrer nicht zu vertreten haben. Die Clearstream wird alle 
Verpflichtungen aus dem Inhaber-Sammelzertifikat mit der Sorgfalt eines ordentlichen 
Kaufmannes erfüllen. Wird sie durch höhere Gewalt, Regierungserlasse, Krieg, Aufruhr, 
Verfügungen von hoher Hand im In- oder Ausland oder andere Umstände, die sie nicht zu 
vertreten hat, an der Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen gehindert, so trifft sie keine 
Verantwortung. Der Verwahrer und der Nominee sind der Clearstream gegenüber zur 
ordnungsgemäßen Wahrnehmung der ihnen obliegenden Aufgaben verpflichtet. Etwaige 
Ansprüche gegen den Verwahrer oder den Nominee wird die Clearstream zugunsten der 
Miteigentümer geltend machen. Darüber hinaus haftet die Clearstream nur für die 
sorgfältige Auswahl des Verwahrers und des Nominees.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
11 
Sollte irgendeine dieser Bestimmungen ganz oder teilweise rechtsunwirksam oder 
undurchführbar sein oder werden, so bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon unberührt. 
Für unwirksame oder undurchführbare Bestimmungen soll eine dem Sinn und Zweck dieses 
Vertragsverhältnisses entsprechende Regelung gelten.  
 
12 
Alle Rechtsbeziehungen zwischen dem Miteigentümer und der Clearstream unterliegen 
dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand ist Frankfurt 
am Main.  
 
13 
Eine Änderung dieser Zertifikatsbedingungen ist nur zulässig, soweit durch sie die Rechte 
der Miteigentümer nicht beeinträchtigt werden, es sei denn, dass sie durch gesetzliche 
Vorschriften bedingt ist. 
 
 
Name 
[German translation to be 
confirmed]
(der 
Schuldverschreibung) 
Schuldverschreibung)
(der 
Schuldverschreibung 
 
 
 
WisdomTree Physical Platinum 
(formerly ETFS Physical 
Platinum) 
JE00B1VS2W53 
PHPT 
20,00 
WisdomTree Physical Palladium 
(formerly ETFS Physical 
Palladium) 
JE00B1VS3002 
PHPD 
5,00 
WisdomTree Physical Silver 
(formerly ETFS Physical 
Silver) 
JE00B1VS3333 
PHAG 
2,00 
WisdomTree Physical Gold 
(formerly ETFS Physical Gold) 
JE00B1VS3770 
PHAU 
10,00 
WisdomTree Physical Precious 
Metals Basket (formerly ETFS 
Physical PM Basket) 
JE00B1VS3W29 
PHPM 
9,40 
WisdomTree Physical Swiss 
Gold (formerly ETFS Physical 
Swiss Gold) 
 
JE00B588CD74 
 
SGBS 
 
10,00 
 
Please note that the Global Bearer Certificate has not been updated to reflect the updated names of the 
Issuer and the Metal Securities.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
A14.4.13C 
 
A14.4.1(a)B 
 
 
A14.4.1(b)C 
 
 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.6.4C 
ANNEX 3 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited under the Programme for 
the issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities. This form of Final Terms is used when Metal Securities are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market and/or the Main Market other than in conjunction with an 
offer thereof to the public in one or more member states, for example to Authorised Participants. 
 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
WISDOMTREE METAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Metal Securities Limited) 
LEI: 213800QFA5KMBW5CVX71 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) 
with registered number 95996) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [class] [Individual/Basket] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Metal Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”) 
dated 30 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the WisdomTree Metal 
Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Metal Securities have the terms provided for in the trust 
instrument dated 18 April 2007, as amended, between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree Metal Securities. Words and Expressions used 
in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and (2) 
filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the full 
information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. 
A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities are as follows:  
Issuer: 
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
Class or Category of WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Price per WisdomTree Metal Security: 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/ 
[•] troy ounces Palladium/  
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
A14.6.1(a)B 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
Net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree 
troy ounces Platinum/ Metal Securities to 
which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/ 
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold 
 
Maximum number/amount of Metal 
Securities that may be issued of the Class or 
Category being issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
 
[•] 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Metal 
Securities are admitted to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange]* 
 
 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[Euronext Amsterdam] 
[NYSE Euronext Paris]  
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that the admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange are not offers or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the final terms)

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
A14.5.2.1C 
A14.4.16 
A14.4.13C
A14.4.1(a)B
ANNEX 4 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of WisdomTree Metal Securities to the public under the Programme 
for the Issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities. This form of Final Terms is used when Metal Securities 
are being offered to the public in one or more member states. 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
 
WISDOMTREE METAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
(formerly ETFS Metal Securities Limited) 
LEI: 213800QFA5KMBW5CVX71 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) 
with registered number 95996) 
(the “Issuer”) 
Programme for the Issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Issue of 
[number] [type] [Individual/Basket] Securities 
(the “WisdomTree Metal Securities”) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 30 November 2021 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the 
WisdomTree Metal Securities referred to above. The WisdomTree Metal Securities have the terms 
provided for in the trust instrument dated 18 April 2007, as amended, between the Issuer and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the WisdomTree Metal Securities. Words and 
Expressions used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
(2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules only. These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which 
are published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR3.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation Rules on the website of the Issuer: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/. In order to get the 
full information both the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the WisdomTree Metal Securities may be made (other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation) by the Issuer or by [● with LEI [●]] (each a “Permitted Offeror”) in [Austria, 
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, 
Spain, Sweden and Poland [the United Kingdom (please note that these will not be offers made pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation but will be made pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation)] (“Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”) during the period from [●] until [●] (the “Offer Period”). 
The particulars in relation to this issue of WisdomTree Metal Securities are as follows:  
Issuer:
WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited 
Issue Date:
[•] 
Class or category of WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
A14.4.1(b)C 
A14.6.4C 
A14.4.4 
A14.5.1.1C 
A14.5.3.1(a)C 
A14.3.1C 
 
A14.5.1.1C 
 
A14.5.1.2C 
A14.5.1.4C 
 
 
 
A14.5.1.5C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A14.5.1.6C 
 
 
 
 
A14.5.2C 
 
 
 
A14.5.2.2C 
 
ISIN:
[•] 
Price per WisdomTree Metal Security 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/ 
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold 
 
Aggregate Number of WisdomTree Metal 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[•] 
Net proceeds of issue of the WisdomTree 
Metal Securities to which these Final Terms 
apply: 
[•] troy ounces Platinum/ 
[•] troy ounces Palladium/ 
[•] troy ounces Silver/ 
[•] fine troy ounces Gold 
Maximum number/amount of Metal Securi-
ties that may be issued of the Class or Cate-
gory being issued pursuant to these Final 
Terms:  
 
[•] 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not 
fixed, description of the arrangement and 
time for announcing to the public the amount 
of the offer:  
[•] 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer
 
Offer Price:
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject:
[•] 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be 
open and a description of the application 
process:  
[•] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application:  
[•] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the WisdomTree 
Metal Securities:  
[•] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public:  
[•] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:  
[•] 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made:  
[•] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:  
[•] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place:  
[•] 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country:  
[•]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
A14.5.4.3C 
A14.5.4.4 
 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis, and entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment 
or 
under 
“best 
efforts” 
arrangements. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not 
covered:  
 
 
[•] 
 
When the underwriting agreement has been 
or will be reached:  
 
[•] 
Name and address of calculation agent: 
[•] 
 
Exchange[s] on which WisdomTree Metal 
Securities are admitted to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange]* 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]  
[Euronext Amsterdam]  
[NYSE Euronext Paris] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock 
Exchange are not offers or admission to trading made under the Prospectus Regulation but are such offers 
and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer does not fall under Article 5.1 or 5.2 of Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014 as amended by 
Council Regulation (EU) No. 960/2014 of 8 September 2014 concerning restrictive measures in view of 
Russia's actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex form of issue specific summary to the final terms)